Got it for my Grandson and he loves it!!
Was a birthday gift
Granddaughter Loved it!  This little doll is so soft and sweet and nothing can come off of it.  My granddaughter is just 15 months old and she loved her doll. I also love that she can just go in the washer and dryer, with babies they want to kiss on everything they have and after awhile the toys need a good cleaning so this works out great.  I would recommend this to anyone with a small child who needs something really cute and soft to love.
geat toy  We love this toy. I wish you could buy them right as you come out of the movie. What is wrong with you Disney?
Just what the recipient wanted!  Just what the recipient wanted!  Got this as a gift for a relative and they love it.  It is more substantive and slightly larger than expected, which was nice.
Just as described  My four year old son loves it!  One of the only things he wanted for Christmas and he was quite happy with it :)
Pretty sure Dorothy is her new bestfriend  Just got delivered about 20 minutes ago and my daughters face lit up when she saw it. Pretty sure Dorothy is her new bestfriend. Thank you!!!!
Whale of a tail  Great toys for toddlers who love to buckle their highchairs, strollers ext.
... to the fam mangle is broken she got wires like tangle P  Welcome to the fam mangle is broken she got wires like tangle  P.S WE LOVE FNAF
Exactly what I expected.  My grandson loves it!
High Quality & Very Adorable!  This little Charmander plushie is very adorable! He looks exactly like he does in the picture, and the quality is just amazing! Great buy in my opinion (:
Purchased the toy for my great-granddaughter.  She was thrilled with it.
kids love them. Perfect size  Cute, kids love them. Perfect size .
Super Barney!!!  Loved by all.  My granddaughter loves him and carries him everywhere.  Just the right size and she loves the fact that he sings just to her.
very realistic our dog attacked and claimed as it's own
First friend  Perfect size for my 14 month old grand child and sooo soft. He takes it everywhere and snuggles with Elmo every night.  Elmo is his first friend.
Perfect for a 2 year old.  Just the right size to carry around.
:)
Chibi Soul  Cute, and Adorable. Fun to have, great gift a recommend buy.
Love it.  Would deff reccommend to those mommys of bubble guppie lovers like my daughter. she was so excited when she got bubble puppie that i just had to get molly , and whats molly without gill? ;) love it. do wish it was a bit bigger though since you can almost get them the same thing but cheaper at walmart. but i cant really complain. my little girl loves it. so , i do too!  On a side note , deena and una should NOT be that expensive , how am i suppose to have the whole set if deena is $50 alone.. not gonna happen.
Great for Zelda fans  Looks exactly as pictured.
This is a much loved stuffed animal in our home  Very cute and durable pig with sewn eyes.  No need to worry about a dog or baby choking on them.  This is a much loved stuffed animal in our home.
Awesome
Good conversation starter!  It's a little red doughnut!  This is a great office mascot for my desk as we look for blood on items, and the reaction to indicate the presence of blood is catalyzed by red blood cells.
Excellent!  Purchased this for a contest giveaway, but it was a big hit with my own kids and their friends.  I'll have to get at least one more!
Troll Buddy  My daughter absolutely loved this gift for Christmas.  She sleeps with it every night and carries it around everywhere.  I recommend this to ever child that loves trolls.
Not for too young but perfect for kids  Got this little guy for my little brother. I got the light blue T. rex and I couldn't be happier with it. Great quality and perfect for young kids. Has beans in the bottom so he sits upright so watch out for young kids chewing on his feet, the beads could be bad.
Quality, organic and affordable!  Gorgeous toy, as most products from Apple Park are <3
This is a wonderful stuff animal.  I am very please with it.
Great toy!  This thing is awesome! The wires in the front legs and neck are such a great idea. We can bend him to do whatever, share snacks, watch his movie, etc. I've read about them not straightening out exactly straight again- ours does a pretty good job. It's like bending a coat hanger.. It's not going to be perfect but at the end of the day it's a kid's toy. And he doesn't notice. He's happy, I'm happy.
Cute and Fuzzy Moogle  Super cute and soft. Came with official tags and no damage. The pom pom doesn't really hold up on its own even though it is reinforced a little by a rubbery/plastic tube but it is not flimsy, the ball is just heavy.  If you are thinking of getting this for a child I would not recommend it; I do not think it would hold up well to regular play, but it can handle light playing, hugs or a tumble off the shelf and be fine. The warnings on the tag say it is not machine washable and also suggest you not "lick or bite the product, as this may cause the colours to fade." The light pink patches on the cheeks and ears appear to be lightly painted/air brushed on and will likely fade if it gets wet so you cannot smooch it too much. The wings are a more leathery material and are not fuzzy like the rest of the Moogle and have traditional bat-like ribbing.  It makes a great addition to a Final Fantasy collection and is great for anyone familiar with the games. I hope my additional details can get another Moogle adopted today!
Great product
Love this toy, my granddaughter 6mos  but Elmo still gets her attention
Great value. My daughter loves this Poliwhirl  Great value.  My daughter loves this Poliwhirl.
My Daughter Thinks it is Great!!!!
It was 100% perfect!!  This was the very last item to complete a costume.  It was 100% perfect!!
My Favorite Star Wars Toy  I was very pleasantly surprised when I opened the box--this C-3PO is really beautiful to behold. One of the nicest Star Wars toys I have seen. I am so glad I got it for my little nephew who is now discovering Star Wars just like his father did when he was a young boy. Super Speedy Delivery too. I just ordered my 2nd one from this vendor.
Great little buddy!  This was purchased for my 4 year old Grandson to be pal for Sully that had been purchased earlier from another retailer.  He is very soft and just the right size to be Sully's little buddy.
it is so cute and cool at the same time.
Super cute!  This stuffed animal is super cute and super well made! Very nice cuddle size too, especially for a little kid. Still nice for adult me though.
hours of fun....
5 stars  Perfect & great price! My 2 year old is going to be so excited on Christmas!!
Cute and well made a bit pricey but worth it to see the smiles!
Adorable ballerina mouse  Adorable ballerina mouse. My 4 yo daughter loves it!  She has named it "Bubble", which is just perfect for this little mouse.
This is awesome!  My granddaughter saw this doll and that was all she talked about. I am saving it for a christmas present. I know she will be thrilled when she sees it.
My daughter loves it.  Its soft and cute.  She sleeps with him Every night
This movie gets a lot of hate, but I loved it  This movie gets a lot of hate, but I loved it, and this plush is adorable. Bought it as kind of an inside joke/house warming gift. Wish I could have found a bigger one, but this was kind of cute, being so small.
Bubble Guppies Nonny  The bubble guppies were impossible to buy in stores and was so happy to find them on amazon.  They are a great size and are made extremely well.  I bought this two years ago along with three others and it still looks just as good as it did when it was given as a gift.  They are a perfect size.
good stuff.
Looks nice in the window  This suncatcher hangs in my kitchen window with another Joan Baker Design.  Very happy with it.
Cute!  This was a basket stuffer for my new little ones Easter basket. She was only 3 days old on Easter so I had to stuff it with rattles and stuffed animals rather than candy.
perfect  Perfect. Great quality. Thank you!!!!
great quality and material
As advertised. Does the job  Although it is inexpensive the build quality isn't as good as I expected. It gets the job done, but if the neck is bent and I'm cranking on a bolt I could see myself breaking it. Other then that nothing to complain about.
Perfect condition and no damage
i love this gator  i love this gator...as do my grandchildren.  exceptionally soft...a much finer product and higher quality than i'd expected.  in just a few weeks, he did get a small tear...or a seam split...at the lower end of his tail...we treated the injury and he is recovering nicely, thank you.  he leads a pretty rugged life as he was brought in specifically to bolster the gator presence here -- gators were the original power structure here but now there's a contingent of pokemon representatives and a very rowdy group of dragons that are all vying for control.  it's a pretty tense situation but the gator is holding up very well and has brought the gators back into play, as intended.
Love it
Adorable!
Gizmo Plush  Gizmo plush toys from the movie "Gremlins" were just as pictured.  I bought 2 of them for my daughters and they love them.
Our grandchild loved them
Awesome toy. Good quality for a twenty box item. No buttons or anything that can be swallowed.
Such a pity, Wenger/Victorinox has stopped production of this best/most convenient pocket knife ever made !
Charizard FTW  wow, i just got my Charizard 18" inch plush in today (brand new for 29.98 all together from seller "phamnw") and i just love it! granted, the picture above is ment for the 11" inch Char doll, but i have both and it really is a pretty doll. a doll this old (possibly 12 to 14 years old right now) is very rare and worth some serious dough if you want even a used one. (guess i got lucky for finding it for under $150...) ok, now for collectors, its really neat to have (because its charizard. derp...) but for a kid... well, its as sturdy as a "carnival" toy. (meaning it will easily rip if not taken care of) and the difference ive noticed between the large (18 inch) and the small (11 inch) is that the large one is darker, it feels harder (like its over stuffed with bean bag puffs) and not as "plushy" as the small one. the smaller one would possible be more ideal for kids anyway. but overall, i think these beautiful toys will make a collector and child squeel in delite upon recieving one! i mean,... its freaking charizard after all. lol  P.S.  Make sure you read the sellers description of the toy first. some sellers have bigger or smaller versions then shown in the pictures. and if the seller doesnt have a description, i would contact them first. i was really lucky in my case. i ordered a used, good condtion one fo $30. (the seller did state the toy had a rip in its foot, that was ok. and they also mentioned the toy was the 15" inch one. but i recieved a NEW, 18" inch one) this is a high value toy, so for your sake, READ THE DESCRIPTIONS! AVOID BUYERS REMORSE!
Awesome  Great product arrived right on time !!
Go To Toy for babies!  This is our go-to toy when we just don't know what else to do with the baby. The music is soothing and the light draws her attention. It is good material and shape/size so that she can now easily grab it without smashing her face as her hand/eye coordination is not there yet (5 months old) Have used this previously for other child who is now 4 and still likes playing with it. The baby stares at the little happy face. great toy.
Adorable  Adorable. And as a bonus, I love giving my 3 year old grandson things that make noise because it annoys my son, his father.  Being a grandparent can be big fun with the right approach. :-)
The popples doll was in great condition. My wife loved it.
Perfect  It arrived faster than I expected and it's just perfect! Jean is my favourite and I really love it.
Great buy!  I purchased this gift a few days before Christmas expecting it to be here super late and around the 10th of January I am super happy that it arrived very quickly and is in amazing quality I love it so much and so does the person I bought it for! Thank you so much for the speedy delivery!
Super cute!
Fast shipping very happy!!  This is a very high quality plush, I was pleasantly surprised when I received it. Fast shipping very happy!!
I was very pleased with the set  I was very pleased with the set. They were soft. Look exactly like the picture and the size was perfect for little hands. My kids are thrilled with them.
Too cute and perfect size
Our son loves his soft plushy Elmo so much we ordered extras just in case. He still knows the differences between them and prefers the OG Elmo.
Arrived earlier than expected and looks just like the picture  So cute! Arrived earlier than expected and looks just like the picture. Purchased as a gift and the recipient was very happy with it!
CUTE  so CUTE
So cute!!
Really cute <3
Absolutely adorable!  A favorite for everyone in my family.  It was a Christmas Gift Hit!!
a nice large size  This is a gorgeous plush, a nice large size, and my niece adores it. Carries it all over like she's in love with it.
love it
My son loved it
TWEETY PLUSH DOLL  I choose this rating 5 stars because I like TWEETY plush dolls I like the size the way it looks and color I would recommend this TWEETY plush doll to anyone.
These birds are wonderful!
Fun and loving  Biggie is just the cutest thing, and his little friend Dinkies. I love all the comments when he talks,  I am glad I have him.  I added him to my collection.
Excellent  Very high quality scissors at a very reasonable price.  Haven't used the titanium ones enough yet to see an advantage over the same brand's stainless scissors, but hoping these wear longer...
It's good quality. He loved it  Bought this for my nephew. It's good quality. He loved it.
As described, fast shipment!
Hard To Find, Worth The Wait.  We have two little girls and they LOVE the movie Inside Out.  We have been searching locally for a Sadness Plush at the Disney stores and have not been able to find one so we took a chance and bought this one sight unseen.  Our daughter's face lit up when she saw this.  It was just what we were looking for at the Disney store.  She's got a sparkle in her hair and her sweater is soft and snuggly.  This completed their collection and now they have all of the emotions.  Glad Amazon was able to come through for us on a hard to find item.
We easily cut the strings to detach the baby otter  We easily cut the strings to detach the baby otter. Seems durable and my kids love to play with them. It was exactly what we were hoping for.
it made a wonderful gift for a recent baptism  Arrived quickly and was just as advertised, it made a wonderful gift for a recent baptism.
Well made and great price  Don't buy this doll anywhere but Amazon! My daughter wanted this doll from another retailer and I had to convince her that we could get it elsewhere for a much better price. Amazon came to the rescue and the price was nearly HALF of other retailers.
exactly the birthday present my niece wanted!!!
This stuffy is big and my son loves it!
Great Gift  I purchased this Bullseye toy for my great niece for her third birthday.  She loved it.  She does live in another state, so I have been unable to actually see it.  My niece did tell me that it is very cute, and also likes the fact that it looks like Bullseye, she likes the material.  Overall, from her description, I believe it is a wonderful gift!
Excited for this Elmo!!!  Perfect!!! Wanted a durable Elmo for my 16 mth old, glad I purchased this one instead of any other. Money well spent on this Elmo!!
Gift for grandson who loves Star Wars.  Smaller item but arrived as described.
Excelente  A++
Christmas Gift
Great work.
LOVE!!! :0)  Absolutely adorable!!!! Reminds me of the iconic scene in the Pirates attraction!!
My son is OBSESSED with Harry the bunny.  He carries him around all the time, and this plush toy is one of his favorites!
Jolteon Plush  Was in really good condition and is still to adorable! It stands correctly and is small enough that you can carry it around easy for trips or even jst a quick walk somewhere. Not ashamed about this purchase... It's too cute for me to be! <3
I am pleased to be able to continue to ordering it  i have used this scent for several years.  I am pleased to be able to continue to ordering it!
Love  her!  I had  trouble finding our grand daughters 1st  baby  doll. This snuggle  buddy, is  just the  right  size  and  has a cute  face!
Grandson loved it !
Amazing Plushie  This plushie is absolutely adorable and very well made. When I look for plushies online I'm often worried they won't be symmetrical or they might have bad stitch jobs, but this plush was perfect and had neither issue. It was perfectly symmetrical, it was well made, the colors are perfect, and it even has little stiff pieces inside the mouth (still soft and fluffy) to keep it from bending an odd direction. Would recommend for anyone who loves the Pokemon Sandile.
Adorable for Star Wars fans at any age!  These are SO cute!  We also have a Yoda and Chewbacca and our daughter (born on May the 4th) absolutely LOVES them!
beautiful and well made. lots of detail
Granddaughter loves him although she won't sleep with him because he is "scary"... Lol.  She just sleeps with Dora, Boots, along with Mickey all the other Disney friends!
How bout them apples?  1st major detail, SHE'S GOT HER HAT! For any AJ plush that is the most important (and most often ignored) detail. It's made of a kind of stiff felt material so be careful when cuddling since it's permanently attached. 2nd thing is she's got her cutie mark on BOTH flanks! This is another commonly missed detail on most retail Pony plushies. Her mane and tail are spot on, colors are vibrant and very show accurate, and her eyes, freckles, and cutie marks are all embroidered so that's points for durability. She's got just enough stuffing to be able to stand alone yet still be super cuddly (barring her awesome hat of course). Completely satisfied with my new (cider and beverage of her namesake) drinking buddy!
Great gift for 2 year old  Bought this as a birthday gift for a 2 year old Star Wars fan.  It is soft and sounds awesome.  I am sure he will be enjoying it!
Nicely sized Elmo plush  Nicely sized Elmo plush. His head is a little harder than I expected around the mouth, but that means it should hold its shape well.
Best thing ever.  Bigger than I expected. Which is EXCELLENT. Even with a long shipping period, this still is one of the best things I've ever spent money on.
Cute  It's cute just as described however my grandson hasn't taken to it yet. Hopefully he will
LOVE this soft buddha :-)
Great size and our 8 yo loves that his head moves.
As advertised.
My granddaughter loved it!
5 STARS!!! So cute and soft. I had no problems and it arrived on time.
This is fun  Got this for our 6 year old granddaughter's birthday. All she wanted from us was a stuffed Chewy. This was a BIG hit. The growl he makes is a perfect rendition to Chewy and make this toy what it is. We're headed to our biannual trip to Walt Disney World with her and her sister. She said she is taking this with to "show Chewey" when we meet him in Epcot!
Exactly as described!
Better than expected.  This was a gift for my dragon loving, Minecraft fan. It is larger than I thought, which is nice and it looks and feels good.
Kids love pluto, well made and cute!
Great product. Came in time expected.
3-year-old likes it  It's like what many reviewers said. Soft, nice. My son loves it and it has a spot in his bed.
Second in cuteness only to R2-D2.
Cutest little horse there ever was.
Quality  Yes get this
Big and soft!  This guy is HUGE!
Got it for my niece and it will go great with her  Soft and cute. Got it for my niece and it will go great with her collection
This is a great addition to my daughter's Elmo collection  This is a great addition to my daughter's Elmo collection. She now has a soft and cuddly bedtime Elmo to go night night with. So sweet!!!
kawaii plushie if you love tiger and bunny you wanna get this!
A+
bought this for my 2 year old son for his birthday and omg did he loved it. the doll says it most famous phrases in spanish so adorable.
Nice Monkey  My daughters grandparents bought her one of these and my dog tore it apart so I bought this one to replace it I hope they don't read this review thanks Amazon
Troublemaker in the Plush  Finally bought this for my students (5 year olds) for Dr. Seuss birthday.  Now he's a staple in the classroom -- and fun to sketch, too.  Cat in the Hat is here to stay -- he's cozy, soft, and a good large size.  I'm glad I finally got him.
Grand son loved it
My granddaughter will love it!
Too cute, so cudly  This stuffed giraffe matches the giraffe in Carter's "Jungle Jill" ensemble.  It is soft, the colors are vibrant, and it is constructed well.  It will be a great snuggle toy.
Nice!  Very nice quality plush!
Very well-made and quite beautiful  LOVE, love, LOVE this doll! It has well-made quality and is quite beautiful. The low-tuned bell inside was an added surprise.
A wonderful and lovable friend  This is the same plush sold at disney retail stores. I bought mine in NYC in 2011 and it's held up well through 6 years of moderate snuggling. Tigger has been my favorite Disney character throughout my lifetime and this plush does a nice job capturing his best non-bouncing-related qualities (to quote the song, "Tiggers are cuddly fellas. Tiggers are awfully sweet.")
Great for long flights  We bought this Buckle Toy primarily for our 13-hour flight to Asia. Our 16-month old toddler actually enjoyed the sounds when each buckle buckled, and it was great that it had more colors for him to buckle. I think we kept him occupied and focused for nearly 20 to 30 minutes during the flight, and it now became one of those few required toys that we must bring for future flights and road trips.
I love him!  Nicely made. I love how his coat feels! He's soft and nice :)
Super cute. Great deal. Packaged well.
Love this sloth 
Very Nice  Bought for my niece and she loves it. That's all that counts. She adores Peter Pan and this Wendy doll is something she has always wanted.
Love this one  This is our second since the last one eventually broke.  Love this one.
Love it  My 2 year old plays with this endlessly
Perfect for baby  Bought this for a baptism. It was soft and cuddly just like I had hoped. The satin bow is perfectly colored for a little boy or girl. Baby loves it.
Fantastic! Great turn around time  Fantastic!  Great turn around time!  Product received in good order!
Pokemon figure  Great figure. Good customer service
Adorable Little Blanket  This an adorable mini blanket. My kids use these as lovey-s. Little tiny blanket that they can sleep with at night, cuddle with, and even take in the car instead of lugging around a big stuffed animal. The blanket is super soft and the little animal on top is sewn on quite securely. I have washed it in the washer on a delicate cycle and then hung out my clothesline to dry and it came out perfect, no balls of fabric. I received this product discounted in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Disney "up" talking gamma plush dog  If you have all the "Up" dogs (which we do)it's great and my daughter has played with it everyday since she got it!
Very nice!  He's absolutely amazing, the hair is great.. he has his own little deathnote. Came in the mail quickly and is the perfect plush for any deathnote fan!
Very real looking.
WINNER WINNER!  I bought this for my 18 month old granddaughter who was going on a cross-country plane trip.  My daughter said she absolutely loved it and it kept her entertained for hours.  Light and easy to carry and no pieces to lose on the trip.  She had discovered closing buckles previously and would buckle her high chair and the dog's collar, so I was pretty sure this would be a hit, and it was.
kawaii Toy!!!
My kids loved this
Love this snivy plushi
Great buy  Great doll. My DD loved it. It's the perfect size and the hair is so adorable. Great buy
Very Nice !!! Thank You !!!
I love this toy.  Together, with the book, my grandson and I enjoyed a special time together.
Love it  Baby is mesmerized by the moving goose and gentle storytelling voice.
Grandson loved it
Best purchase ever!  My daughter loves Monsters Inc, so I got this as a last minute addition to her birthday gifts. It's super soft! She absolutely adores it and sleeps with it every night. It's big for a toddler, but it's still very easy to carry around the house, in the car, and anywhere else she can convince me to let her take it! One of my best purchases from Amazon!
love it  My niece loved the gift  so much !
Great Dragon  This toy arrived faster than estimated and was at the house in time for my daughter's birthday!  She is thrilled with her Toothless; this has become one of her favorite toys!
nice stuffy
Cute  Happy with the plush character. No problems or issues to report. Will be a great stocking stuffer for my 9 year old!
One Star  Perfect and arrived so fast!! THANK YOU!
daughter loves them  my 10yr old is into manga books but have only found a few series that are age appropriate. she recently read through all the chi series books available now and loved it. finding these chi stuffy's made for a great Christmas present.  they were as advertised, great quality and the 11inch size was just right.
Big, soft and cute.
This doll is adorable! It will complete my sisters Grinch collection perfectly  This doll is adorable!  It will complete my sisters Grinch collection perfectly.
Very cute doggy  Darling little dressed up doggy.  My granddaughter loved it.
Perfect!  Awesome for any Kingdom Hearts fan... Makes a cool stuffed animal to add to my daughter's collection. Very cool collectible!
scary pal  I love it but my grandson was ok with it until I made it's mouth move then he took off running so we just sit it on the couch and turn it on once in a while he is 16mo. He is getting used to it and think he will like it a lot . He likes the talking part just not the mouth moving. I may be a bad Grandma for laughing so hard though ,
Super cute!!  Super cute little doll, bought for the baby, her first doll, it was a big hit!! Would recommend it!!
Great item, nice price.  We have been collecting Pokemon plushes for years and this is another great item.  This would have been difficult to find in a store so we appreciate finding it here.
Gracias  Bueno
WTH, IT'S HUGE!  I bought all three deluxe Sanei plushes.  I believe they were Goomba, Bowser, and Ghost.  This one does not disappoint and finally finishes my collection.  I can't stop but hit his head thinking it'll make some sound, but it doesn't (I already knew that but why not give it a try anyway).  This one is more on part in size with the ghost boo.  Bowser is pretty large, probably around 15", this one is moreso 12", but it's wide. I'd use it as a sitting stool but I would totally smash the darn thing.  It's great to hug, soft to the touch, and very detailed! I'm lovin' the eyebrows.  I'm glad they don't fall off.  Valuewise, I thought it was a great investment, there's honestly nothing quite like it, sizewise and pricewise.  If I could afford it, I'd buy 10 more just to have an army of these guys and jump on them.
Well detailed and I love it in purple  This Vapereon plush is so cute!  Well detailed and I love it in purple.  Excited to give this as a gift.
Looks just like the pictures! I bought it as a gift and my professor loved it!
Lots of fun, big hit for little pirates!  Purchased as part of a pirate treasure hunt for little boy's birthday. Great deal - amazing price for set of 2! Very well made stuffed toys with wonderful outfits, hats & eye patches. Hands are velcroe, can hang around neck or from curtain rod in bedroom. Lots of fun, big hit for little pirates, would highly recommend.
About time!!  My daughter and I collect the Despicable Me plush characters and have been waiting for this one and Dr. Nefario.  We love the detail of the characters!  He is quite tall and me and my daughter love our dolls!!
Pretty Little Blue Bird  I got this in memory of my grandmother. She always called herself a "pretty little blue bird" and loved everything blue bird. I couldn't find one anywhere! All of them were either not a true Blue Bird with the orange tummy (everywhere always had blue Jays instead) or they're of cheap quality. This one is a perfect size, awesome quality and is a true pretty little blue. Thanks so much!
Adorable and soft
was a good present  I got this for my girlfriend a couple years ago and she loved it because it was from kingdom hearts, one of her favorite games. she still has it today, still loves it
What could you possibly not like about this? Love it. Very soft!
almost well made :P  love it! well made, firm doll. i do wish his hair was fitted so the direction of the material allowed for stroking downwards rather than up, but it's okay. he still is an awesome doll ;) i'm a fan of black butler and have grown to love grell, he is adorable! ehehehe. my grell's ribbon is a bit off though :(
Christmas present for grandson who loved it a lot.
Cute and very soft!  So cute and smol! He is very soft as well and came in faster than the estimated date! It is quite worth the buy and he is absolutely adorable!
loved it!  very cute! loved it!
Boifriend loved it
A TV toy that is actually worth buying  I find the price to be expensive for what it is but my son absolutely loves it and uses it all the time so I have to say it was a worthwhile purchase. It does hold a lot of stuff!!
my baby love it.  Just as described, my baby love it.
This is my second Baby Aspen baby gift and they are a huge hit!!
'Peter Rabbit' is a Hit!  My GRAND DAUGHTER IS 2 1/2. She loves the original story of 'Peter Rabbit' by Beatrix Potter.  For Easter I gave her this stuffed 'Peter Rabbit' and she has taken it to bed with her every night since Easter.  She talks to him and helps him eat his carrot. The toy is well made and every detail tollows the original story line....little blue coat with brass buttons, etc.  It was a hit!
Xmas gift  This was a christmas gift for one of our grandchildren.  It was appreciated and played with for quite a while.
Perfect gift.
EVERYone had to play with it- kids AND adults! :)  EVERYone had to play with it- both kids AND adults! It made EVERYone smile! I would DEFINTELY recommend it!  I received it within THREE DAYS!
Cute! Just as described.  Cute!  Just as described.
Good
Perfect!  Thanks
Super Smol and Cute!!!  He came sooner than predicted, and is so cute! He is a tad small but his softness and quality makes up for it. He reminds me of the Pok-dolls from the Secret Bases in Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire. He is worth the buy! My only concern is the bit of orange fluff atop his head, it isn't very well attached to the yellow fluff, but it's an easy fix.
Grandson loves paw patrol
Greatest Thing Ever!  This is one of the best things I have ever spent money on. The Black Death is just big enough to snuggle with and he's great to spoon with at night. Very cuddly. A great pillow. Very well made. Has withheld so much hugging and snuggling. No loose strings or anything. I've had mine for nearly a year now. I love GiantMicrobes Black Death so much, I had to order the smaller version AND the primordial goo and I have the Halloween Box on my wish list. Just a great product all around, I can sing of the Black Death plush's praises all day.  It's a great teaching tool as well. Sometimes I carry it around the house and refer to it as Yersi. Family has actually stopped me and asked me why I have named Yersi. But I get to teach people the Black Death microbe is known as yersinia pestis.
LOVE IT!!!
It actually really cute!  It actually really cute! Every other mew plush ive bought hasn't been up to my standards but this one has made me very happy
So cute!  This was a gift to my 6 year old son for Christmas. Among Nerf guns and Lego sets, this was the highlight. He sleeps with Pikachu every night. We had to put him through the washer and he cleaned up perfectly.
Great Plush  I got a Chespin for myself, and this Froakie for my friend who chose him as his starter. The quality is great and it is very nice and soft :3
My nearly-2-year-old loves the buckle toy! I thought it would be a great gift after seeing him try to fasten his stroller straps.
Perfect plush toy :)
boyfriend is a grown man who loves otters. he loved this. only wish it had velcro on its hands and feet so you could attach it to banisters and whatnot.
Loved these zebra's - so soft and cuddly - used them for the top of a diaper cake for a  baby shower for twins! They worked great and are well made.
This is a great toy, bigger than I though it would be.
It's just like in the picture. Great quality article. All details are really nice.
SSOO adorable!  I bought this toy a couple days ago and I've been absolutly attached to it he is ssoo cute. I carry him around everywhere! This is the perfect gift for any DEATH NOTE fan. Highly recommend the other character plushies too. They all are really awesome!
Anna  My granddaughter loves Frozen! This doll is made well and very cute!
An Awesome Giraffe  This came within days of ordering and is exactly what it looks like in the description. It's neck is adjustable and it's the perfect size. My 7 year old son loves it.
so dreamy
A very cuddly Spider-Gwen  Sturdy, soft, and cute. Might hog the sheets.
cute for small child
Soft and Cute  Nice and soft gave as a gift. Cute.
so small  so much smaller then i expected but I love it.
adorable
I bought these for my niece's second birthday and she loves them so much! They were bigger than I expected them to be, but they aren't too big for her to carry them around everywhere she goes.
Lovely cuddly Cat in the hat! It was hit for the two year old who received it.
Much cuter than the picture!
she's great! It's just the way her hair looks  Her hair is a little strange but otherwise, she's great! It's just the way her hair looks, I guess.
soft cuddly friend for a kiddo  cute as always!
This Olaf was for gramma and I love him. He will forever be part of my Christmas snowman collection.
Perfect replacement  We bought the same in Disney World and my daughter lost and we needed to replace. Exactly the same and my daughter we very happy
Super cute and very durable!
I love it. It's so fluffy
Must Have for Babys' Nursery  Beatrix Potters' Collectible Peter Rabbit is animated and a total delight to our granddaughter who coos and smiles with joy.  It's animated and recites childrens' rhymes.  We are looking forward to lovely playtime for hours and hours.  A great asset to any baby nursery, but, especially wonderful for grandparents to share!
Cute!!  Super cute and exactly what I wanted!
Perfect!  Got it in a timely manner and it was as described. I didn't receive a fake. It had the tags on it and is genuine.
Adorable
Naruto shippuden  I love it so much I take it to school most of my friends see naruto so that's a great way to stay connected.
it came on time and the person who got it loved it!  It was very well made, it came on time and the person who got it loved it!
A well made beautiful little stuffed animal!
Best Baby Luigi out there.  Perfect Size, official, oh so soft, and was delivered in only 5 days!
Soft, cuddly and never poops in the house.  Tammie Joe is just a sweetheart. She is soft and cuddly and never makes a sound. She must be going outside to do her business because I haven't found any pee or poop in the house.    She is coming to a redneck party with me in a few weeks. She'll fit in my big black and gold purse and there will still be room for my sunglasses and Kindle.   If Miley can haul around her pig Bubba Sue, then I can bring Tammie Joe.   You might be wondering about the spelling of her name. Tammie is just the most beautiful name and Joe is named after my Grandpa.
Lovely
love itt!  Super fast shipping, got it earlier than expected. He sings and snores. It perfect for my 10 month old to sleep with at night. Will be a great Christmas present for her :)
great service  Excellent quality for the price.  Love it!!
Cute Collectable  This is a great little toy for a Warcraft player. Buying from here seems to be a bad choice however. Blizzard sells both plushies directly for $15 so why this store wants $50 is beyond me.
So cute!  My little Shadow got here yesterday and he is so cute! Nothing wrong with him at all! His eyes are awesome with how they glow and his antenna are cool since you can adjust them! I'm so happy with little Dusk! I cuddled all night with him. Hes also a part of my cosplay for Senshi con since I am going as a Gingika (human like) Shadow heartless. I'm gonna find a way to strap him to my shoulder! Hes my buddy and I love him! All in all I will buy from you guys again! 5/5
... 6 year old is a star wars fan and loved this stuffed character  My 6 year old is a star wars fan and loved this stuffed character!  Highly recommend to purchase from this retailer!
Great product
perfect
They're happy and so am I  My kids are individuals and trying to keep things equal between them is a chore. Stocking stuffers are no different. However with Harry Potter stockings had a little bit of everything for both of them. They're happy and so am I.
Excellent quality for the price. My kids love them. Thank you.
I had bought an enderdragon elsewhere and it was a horrible experience (it was never even shipped) so i was happy to receive this one promptly! So cute and big! My nephew was thrilled.
Thanks it's awesome. A great add to the collection!
Very nice. My son loves it
soft as air  This made one happy little girl. Looks just like picture and arrived very quickly. Soft and cuddly just like she wanted. A new best friend.
cute worth the money  My daughter loves her new Sally. Like other have said she is small
Perfect!  My 5 yr. old loves this and sleeps with it.  I've washed it and it washes well.  Therefore, I'm happy.
Great toy for toddlers. Delivery was much better than promised.
Very slow shipping but product is great
Rare collectible from Star Trek the Animated Series  Well made, rare item that I didn't even know about from an episode of Star Trek: The Animated Series. You can actually feed it a Tribble!
Love it!!
Happy Graduate!  This cute lil guy arrived just when it was supposed to. I got it for my granddaughters promotion, & she just LOVED it!!! We'd seen them at a university graduation, but she never expected me to find one for her very own!
Great! So soft and looks just like in the game. Very comfy to lay my head on or even to just put as a decorative piece
Great craftsmanship!
kid's loved  My kid's loved. And I love  the price it more  cheaper then a regular retail store where only one single one would go for about $20 or more depending wich store
Thank you!  I received my purchase very quickly, and it was in perfect condition!  He looks just like in the game, he's adorable!  Definitely a good buy!
My 2 yr old daughter is obsessed with her Poppins. It's so cute.
doesn't come in original package but my daughter loves it!
Elmo is a hit!  Gave this Elmo toy to my grandson, who is 22 mos. old.  He has yet to put it down!  Sleeps ad eats with it!
Perfect for my son  My son loves Blue. He likes to write on the notebook all the times and it wipes off easily. Blue herself is very durable so much so that my son can sleep with her all the time and have no worn.
Big Bird Comes to the Party  I bought this toy for a little 5 year old. She just hugged and hugged it when she opened up the package. So in my little world of joy that was a 10 on the pleasure scale.  I have to admit my touch with Sesame Street is limited so to find the products on Amazon was a huge plus for me.  Amazon almost always has what I need or want. So the subsets of Amazon are to be praised too as they come through with flying colors.  Thank you for this opportunity to give you a gold star.
Good quality. Would recommend  Good quality. Would recommend. Thank you!
Great gift for your Pokemon fan.  High quality.  My son loves his Charizard.
Great product. Sturdy enough to stand on his own  My 3 year old loves this! Great product. Sturdy enough to stand on his own.
Small Catbus with a mini Totoro inside.  Catbus with a mini Totoro on a string. If you know who Totoro is, then you'll like it.
My grandson's loved them!!!  These were purchased for my grandsons, They had been requesting these toys  and so looking forward to having them that when I had received them I'd sent them a video and they couldn't wait to get to Mimi's to get they're toys. I'd ordered two sets one for home and one for here.
Very cute elves
THIS IS THE BEST TOY I  FOUND FOR MY CAT WHO LOVES TO PLAY WITH IT.  I GAVE IT TO A FRIEND DOG WHO PLAYED WITH IT FOR THE LONGEST TIME. YOU CAN'T HELP BUT LAUGH AFTER HEARING THE PILL LAUGH. JUST WISH IT LAUGHED A LITTLE LONGER.
So soft!
Yes!  Sully from Monsters University is very well made and super-cute. Two monster-paws up.
My one year old granddaughter love them and I love them because they had embroidered eyes and features nothing for her to choke on the hair is also very nice it's made of a minky like material not yarn my granddaughter carries it around with her.
Very soft & well made
Paw Patrol Obsessed Preschooler Approved!  We didn't buy from Amazon, but we got Zuma for my 3 year old as an early birthday present. Already having a larger Rubble from Christmas, I wanted to see how she'd do with a smaller Paw Patrol toy. She loves it! For those looking for a large plush, this isn't the item for you. It's small, which I like, because I can easily store it away when she lets me. This is the exact same one from the store (stitching and all) and my Paw Patrol obsessed 3 year old also gives this item a 5/5 stars. We will definitely buy the rest of the Paw Patrol toys. :)
Super adorable!
Washable Eyes for the wandering mouth.  We've had this soft little pal for over a month and I haven't had any of the fabric shedding that other reviewers seemed to have.  And that's after having to wash his very washable eyes/face multiple times because of a little extra chocolate, paint, and something else I'd rather not mention.  Somehow the softer eyes seemed less creepy than the hard plastic ones I've seen.
Great learning tool. Reliable seller.
My 3 year old loves her!  She is a great size and sturdy. Cheaper on amazon than buying in the local gift shop! She is pretty and my daughter loves to cuddle with her at night. Her hair untangles easily.
Perfect
My kids love these dolls and carry them everywhere!
My granddaughter loves it....
My daughter had to have it and she loves it.
fantastic toy for a road trip  Bought for my 18 month old daughter to keep her busy during a 5 hour road trip. She loves this toy and it kept her quiet and busy in the car! Good quality product. Great for working on fine motor skills too!
Inexpensive, soft, and cute.  I haven't owned it long enough to test durability, but so far it's endured about 4 dozen enthusiastic hugs.
Our dog died and this one looks just like him (messy little mouth and ears and all  Our dog died and this one looks just like him (messy little mouth and ears and all!).  I bought him for my daughter to comfort her and she really likes him.  He is very soft and cuddly.
Sanshee gets it right!  Exactly as described and the real deal. Sanshee does the best with FNAF items.
Great item  Great Item My kid loves it.
I bought this as a gift and they love it.
Cute and Soft  Very cute. This honestly reminds me of a Beanie Baby. Mine came exactly like the picture and it's very soft.
Big smile!  What better response would I want? Exactly what my son wanted. As for a consumer point of view, its a nice plush toy, just as advertised.
My daughter's new favorite toy  The quality of this puppet is great. It is great for any aspiring puppeteer or any child who deserves a special one of a kind stuffed animal. Very expressive. My daughter loves this toy and it's a great size for an 11 year old.
Perfect for a p vs z fan  Perfect for a p vs z fan
Awesome
This is adorable! Very soft. Good quality.
For the price this is awesome! My 7 year old loves it!
Great for GW2 fans.
i love this seal  i love this seal. super soft and good size. i bought this for myself. this is actually my second one. lol. i hugged the crap out of the first one. needed another one. great buy. you won't regret it.
LOVE THAT BEN  MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES HER TALKING BEN. tOOK A WHILE TO GET HERE BUT HE WAS WORTH THE WAIT. GREAT PRICE TOO
Love it!!! So pretty, we plan on buying all the dolls for our daughters collection
Good toy .  My daughter love it ! It is one of her favorites! Building materials are not the best but they are not bad neither .It doesn't work for "posing" unless you hang it or seat it. Be patience after order it , it took like 3 weeks to come from Korea. Over all a good purchase.
Great gift  Bought it for a friend of mine who is a bio 101 professor. He loves it. Comes in a plastic bag.
Great squritle toy  Very firm and very cute. The stitching is great and is not deformed.
Good quality and has held up well  Got this for my son to add to his Mario collection. Good quality and has held up well.
This is an adorable but high quality toy.
I got this for my 2 year old who loves Olaf and he LOVES him! It is by far one of his favorite toys. He loves to tuck him in his bed with him and bring him to every meal! It's great quality and so soft! I would recommend for any Olaf fan!
Soft. Cute. My daughter loves it.
Good sized stuffed animal. My son never lets it go.
World's Cutest Dog  Boo is adorable to say the least! He looks just like the dog in the Boo books which I recommend.
Great size. Very soft.
Daily Accomplishment  This doormat makes you feel like you accomplished something even on the days that you haven't been very productive. On the days that you've worked extra hard, it's the perfect way to put an end to the work day and transition into relax mode.  My kids love it too.  As far as the product is concerned, well it's a doormat.  If you have high expectations for the build quality of a doormat, you have other issues. :)
Good.
Kids loved it.
Adorable Alpaca  Even cuter in person. This alpaca is absurdly cheerful and perfect for Easter (or any springtime gift), with its pastel colors. It's soft and well made, not cheap-feeling like the discount store stuffed animals. Everything looks even and well-stitched on mine and I can't wait for my daughter to see this in her Easter basket.  I received this free for review.
Adorable  I ordered this for my younger sister for Christmas. We are both huge fans of Kirby and own many plushes, games, etc. Well when this one arrived I was so tempted to just keep it for myself! It's really soft and very well made. I'm a little jealous haha.
The construction is good and size allows him to easily carry around  I purchased this gift for my dog-obsessed nephew for Christmas and he loves them. The construction is good and size allows him to easily carry around.
Small and cute  Very retro and cute.
Perfect size for a toddler to carry around  My girl loves this little guy. Perfect size for a toddler to carry around.
Fast delivery and grand daughter loves it.
I got the official sanei one
Merry Christmas.  :)  I got it for my brother for Christmas and absolutely loved it.
Almost never see Jasmine dolls!  This one is perfect for toddlers  I fell in love with these dolls when I saw them in the store and I was so excited to get them for my daughter to play with.  It isn't common to see Jasmine in anything but the traditional barbie doll style so I was excited to see this one.  The attention to detail that the designers spent is amazing.  And what I like especially about this one is that her hair is pulled back in a braid.  A lot easier to manage with a toddler since they can't mess the hair up as easy.  The jewel on her headband looks like it might come off easy but otherwise I see no potential issues with her.  But be careful of some of the prices out there. I got it at the Disney Store for only $24.50.
great to make a collection  My daughter loves this toy. It is well made and for a stuffed toy, it comes with a lot of details, like the expressive eyebrows. It is a great series to make a collection if your child likes to collet.
I love it  I love it
Love it  Love it. Worked great for a baby diaper wreath.
My boys love it  Don't know much about this character but my boys love it so I guess I do too.  It's also holding up well.
well made. no problems.
The plush is so soft and really great quality.
Very nice dolls  Soft sweet and nicely made with detailing
My 4 y/o daughter specifically asked for a 'Rainbow Fluffy Snake' for Christmas... I really thought it was a long shot to find, but I came across this beauty in my first search on Amazon! The snake is adorable and soft and just the right size and length for her. She was SO happy to see this under the tree :D
We LOVE him! He's bigger than I was actually expecting and my son loves him!
Perfect and so cute!
He has really cute sayings and sings an adorable little song  My 18 month old daughter loves this Elmo!  He has really cute sayings and sings an adorable little song.  She gets a kick out of him!
it was just like the picture and very cute  Arrived on time, it was just like the picture and very cute. I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
Product arrived super quick in original packaging! Great for a gift!
Great
I love it and my son loves it  I love it and my son loves it. Feels good. Soft and well made. A big Christmas hit. I would and hope to buy more Domo's to add to the collection. Licensed 2 Play produced a great product. very authentic.
Awesome plush! It's alot bigger then I thought!
My son love it.
Great Choice  This elf is a great choice.  Very well made.  My little girl loves it.  I enclosed my own letter from Santa and then resealed the box.  Be sure to take out the packing/shipping letter that is in the bottom of the box.  My little girl found it, but didn't pay it any attention.  Got it in 3 days with regular shipping.
Great Collectable Item  I bought this for my niece since she loves Sailor Moon. I was pleased to find this since around here Sailor Moon plushies are REALLY hard to find, especially the other girls that aren't Sailor Moon. Sailor Mars is my niece's favorite and she was so happy with this plushie. She looks exactly the way she does in the picture.
Came as described
My grandbaby loved this so much.
It is AMAZING!:)
every time I have a good day at school today I am going to school  Hi my name's tanner attack on titan is a great way for you and me
IM IN HETALIA HEAVEN!!!  It came in on time in PERFECT condition. The next day I brought it to school and all of my friends that watch Hetalia FELL IN LOVE! It has a little string attached to it so you can hang it on stuff. The only thing that seemed off was that the America's hair was much lighter than it is in the show, but I don't mind at all!
My daughter loves it
My son carries this where ever he goes, wish it was a little bigger but hey its still cute!
Friend kid loves it!  Super cute
He loves it  It doesnt do anything except turn its head. It just sits there being bb8. And thats just what he wanted to sleep with.
Just as described  This little guy is very had to find. I was lucky to get it at such a good price. From what I have seen, the price went up exponentially, since I bought mine. Authentic Disney logo and the right colors and markings along with the six legs, spines on his back and the two antennas I am very happy with my purchase.
Five Star  Cute and well made. I hope they make all of the animal crossing characters ^-^
amazing product, good quality, just amazing aroma... My 3 year old daughter loved it!
My niece loves it. Fast delivery and really soft.
Very Cute! But a little short!  Very Cute!  It is smaller than they green yoshi I got a few years earlier!  They really mean a 5" height! The delivery of the time was on time!  I used it as a silly surprise gift for our wedding!  My wife loved it!
i love it it is prettier in person
My baby love them
Loaned to Wife she loves it.
Perfect  Grandson loves this Darth Vader angry bird.  It goes where he goes, holding up well in spite of plenty of rough treatment beween he and his twin brother.
Very cute my Aunt loved it.
my son loved it! Yoda is cute
Good.  Cute, decent price.
great toy  my 18 month old granddaughter just discovered Sesame Street and really loves her own Cookie Monster and Elmo toys.  They are just big enough for her to tote around the house.
My grandson loves it  I bought this with the intention of attaching it to my grandson's play mat bar for hanging toys. I sensed he might respond to Elmo's giggles. I carefully sewed a Velcro ribbon so it could hang at just the right Height for him to reach it. It is a big hit for him and my daughter face timed me so I could watch him play. It an awesome to watch !
Adorable!  Love it
Parasol Kirby!!  All of the Kirby Ability plushies are worth it!! They are made very well & very soft, colorful, & cuddly. I reccommend them to EVERYONE!!! :}
The perfect kirby plush  The picture just doesn't do it justice. it was way better IRL. No joke.
This doll is adorable. It is good quality as it comes from the Disney store.
Just like DJ Lance from tv  My daughter loves these characters. This one is very soft, looks a lot like the real DJ Lance, and the stitching has held up extremely well against being tossed around and rough-housed with.
Look at the size in the description. Very small, But cute.
happy stepdaughter  I have 2 girls who both had one of these. My husband went over a year without being able to see his daughter because her mother is a idiot. (Idiot is the G version) she finally got to come stay with is and she wanted one so bad so I ordered her one. The shipping was very fast and she is happy now because they all 3 have one and she says she has the best daddy in the world :-)
He loves animals so this was a great addition to his collection  I bought this for my son at Christmas time. He absolutely loves it and he loves the fact that the neck and head moves. He loves animals so this was a great addition to his collection! Thanks!
It was great!  My friend was very satisfied with Plue! But The head was slightly misshaped. We fixed it, though!
Way cooler than your average plush  Love the hair, I only wish it were a little bigger. But it still rocks. A must have for little Adventure Time fans
Very good quality.  Just like the book.
Good quality. My 7 year old grandson loves it!
Fun  Well made and unique.  Wonderful gift for my psychology professor sister.  Got a good laugh.
Great price, darling toy, timely delivery.
Recommend to all  Great niece wanted a large Olaf for xmas & this item didn't let me down. It's adorable & I am sure she will love it.
Cute holiday Grinch.  Great but would like more styles. Great delivery, cute.
Fun! Kids love it.
super cute!  Super cute, soft and lovable!!!!!! Perfect size without being too big, however going to be hard to clean as it is a soft and fuzzy fabric.
We love our Princess Peach!
Great price  Great plush figure, great price!!!!!
This is an adorable Nemo stuffed animal  This is an adorable Nemo stuffed animal, complete with lucky fin. We have this in the 6 inch and 10 inch sizes, and my preschooler loves them.
:D  SOOOO SOFT!!!
A "Good" one  We love this Armadillo.  We used it  on our "Cooking in the Ozarks" float in our local summer festival.  It got so many grins and giggles!!  One gentleman jumped on the truck running board to tell us it was  a " Good" one.  Here in the the Ozarks the only "Good" one is a dead one because of the garden destruction they cause. Many are killed on the hi-ways and they are always  lying on their  backs legs  pointed up...as was ours. It was featured with  other local varieties of wild animals. Our float won first prize needless to say!!!!
So adorable!
gift for the homeless kids
Very happy with purchase and the little girl loves it.
Mickey Mouse  I got this for my nephew and he just loves Mickey Mouse, he runs around the house saying Mickey Mickey Mickey .
I highly recommend this toy  My 1.5 y/o daughter LOVES this toy. We take it everywhere with us especially when I know she's going to need to sit still.  I highly recommend this toy.
Love this buckle toy  Love this buckle toy! My daughter has a short attention span with toys and she has not lost interest in this toy! Loves it.
I customized for my 1.5 yr old  Awesome product. Got this for my 1.5 yr old. He is still trying to figure out the different types on the toy but he goes for the 2 standard clips repeatedly then gives it to me to undo. I actually unexpired unzipped the side, cut open the lining and removed the stuffing, then slid the lining back in place and rezipped to make things a little easier for one buckle to reach the other with a chunky baby hand between them. Wouldn't be necessary for a child with a little more coordination. Next he'll learn the different buckles along with matching colors. He REALLY likes it.
Bought as a gift  This was a requested gift for my teen. She loves it! Made her happy!
Super soft  Was a lot fluffier than I thought, very cuddly.
Love it!  My kid's been converted to a Star Wars fanatic.  I first found these M-Pire plush toys at Target, and bought Obi-Won and Darth Vader for him.  Found Chewbacca and the Stormtrooper on Amazon - perfect!  He loves them.
Monkey is super cute!  Monkey is super cute! So soft and plush. Simply adorable. Good size, not too small not too big.
So good that my toddles got scared  Really love this Anger Plush. Compared to the other inside out plush toys, this one is big and sturdy. The quality really good for the price. The face expression, the voice combined with the arm movement were so  Angry-like, like in the movie, that my almost 3 y/o was scared  at the beginning. I bought it with other Inside out plush toys, but this one stands out
Excellent  Very cute toy
Perfect quiet toy for my busy autistic preschooler!  It's hard to find "quiet" toys to occupy our autistic son in places where he can't bring his battery operated noisy toys (like church).  This was a big hit with him as he loves buckling and unbuckling his car seat straps and other buckles and clips.  It's soft and safe, colorful and cute.  The back has cute little velcro flaps with numbers and animals underneath each one.  It's super easy to pack in a diaper bag and is quiet and keeps little hands busy!  We bought this for him when he was 2 and he still plays with it at nearly 4.  I also love toys that don't come apart with pieces that can be thrown all over the place or lost.  Whoever came up with this toy is brilliant (must be a mom) and has my sincere thanks!
Cute and Educational  Very cute!  We bought it for our toddler grandson.
Great for Kids  My 4 year old absolutely LOVES these.  She's now 5 and still wanted to bring these with her whenever we go anywhere.
These are adorable!  I thought it was weird the tail wasn't fuller, but it works for they are able to sit when not played with!
Cute  My two year old loves it!
Great present for my niece!
A quality buy and well made stuffed doll.
Its completely adorable and has wiring through the wings and tail to make it pose-able. I love it.
Nice batteries die too fast though
It was exactly what I wanted
It is ok:)
Adorable  Completely adorable. My 5yr old loves it. We are having fun making it repeat us and his little head moves
So cute love it !
Very well made and my granddaughter just loves it.
Something different  I know my Grandson will love this item. I think the concept is great.
Nicer than expected.  Soft and well made.
Great Plush  it's cute and soft what's not to love?
My son loves it!!  The price on these is typical no matter where they are sold. A simple design and a wonderful pal for your kids. My son has this Ninja and almost always has it in his hands (unless he is playing his DS). Great gift for boys and girls alike.
Nice piece of equipment  I bought one of these for my church to use and it is perfect.  Easy to set up & extremely portable.  I'm planning on buying another one since out need for this type of equipment has increased.
Perfect over all we love it
So happy to at last get my hand on it! Princess Serenity!
Morton "Bigmouth" Koopa will get you to open your heart to him  When I received him and his brother (Roy "Bully" Koopa - I have a review on him too) I was surprised. He is SO large! Compared to his siblings he is a lot bigger! He was kind of big in the cartoon series, but there's a noticible difference when you compare him to his sister and brothers. But that was OK. I love the details on him, his mouth is really large - like in the cartoon - he talks a lot and goes on and on - which goes to show his nickname "Bigmouth"  in the TV series His "star child" eye is even present, making the doll even more detail orientated - and worth the price tag of $38 that I paid for him. He is the top of the line and I find a very big difference when buying plush whether its Mario or Alpaca that it's best to get them when they first show up - before re-orders are made. I find there is craftsmanship quality differences in their making if you buy first of the batch vs 2nd and down the line.  He is really soft and cuddly and looks great sitting with his siblings 'guarding' my Dragonball books. His plush is really fun to pet and he has some beads sewn in his legs so he will sit upright and not flop over. For parents considering this a child's toy: It is a rather premium kind of plush - that being in mind and how you feel about buying plush toys that cost more than $10 and how their durability adds up. He's not for kids under 5 - he's got eyebrows, thumbnails, wristbands, a wand and hair that could be eaten off by young babies. It IS an import toy - they might not have to comply to safety standards like toys in the USA usually do for kids. So keeping those in mind use your own discretion when buying/giving to a child.
Perfect gift for a Peppa show fan  My grandson loves him. He's a perfect size for a little one to hug.
Adore this mug!  I actually bought this mug a second time - I broke the first one by being stupid, LOL!  But I loved the first one so much, both for its cute design and size, I had to get another.  This mug fits perfectly under my Kuerig Coffee Maker - not all tall travel mugs fit - and it gives me plenty of room to brew a large mug (10 oz) of coffee and add a ton of creamer.  Not crazy about the lid, but I rarely travel with my coffee, so that really doesn't matter to me.
Super Cute and Cuddly  Love it! Big and Plushy
Perfect gift choice  Gift and my niece loved it!
... the minecraft phase of childhood so of course he loved  we are stuck in the minecraft phase of childhood so of course he loved these
Godzilla Rules !!!  I bought these slippers for my husband, an avid Godzilla fan. He absolutely loves them! He wears a men's size 8 shoe and these fit fine, no wobbling. We live in an older house with notoriously cold floors in the winter. He says these keep his feet comfy warm, no cold felt through the soles at all. So now my hubby not only has warm, comfy feet, but he can trounce victoriously through the house conquering all =)
Good size  It's a good size got here in good time my girl would live it. I am happy with it. Can't wait till see her face
Good price  Good price
Cute and good quality!  I had been looking for a while for a nice Yoshi toy for my 4-year-old son and I finally found it in this one. I was a little concerned with some of the reviews, but the toy is very nice. I would agree that it does not seem to be 12" even if you try to stand it, but I will admit that I did not get a ruler to measure it. It is very good quality and my son plays with it constantly (wrestling) and Yoshi is one of his favorite toys to hug at bedtime. It has held up really well so far- there are no holes and the stitching is holding well. The colors are vibrant so even my 3-month-old will look at it for a short while. I would definitely recommend this toy, especially at this price, for anyone who likes Mario characters.
Dragonite is my favorite Pokemon.  It's a very cute plush doll and, Dragonite is my favorite Pokemon.
Well built, fun product!  Great product, well built; daughter loves it!
It was exactly what my gdaughter wanted!!!!
Thumb's up!  Durable, well made. Good size. Fun gag gift for anyone that likes zombie books or games! worth the money! recommended for anyone over 7. Makes a funny munching sound.
she held it like a baby in her arms  I gave this to a friend's daughter for Christmas  She carried it around with her for most of the afternoon.  As we watched our Christmas cartoon, she held it like a baby in her arms.
Flying fun!  Great dog toy.  They love to chase this around the room.  It is soft so we don't worry about damaging stuff!
l love it
Daughter has them all.  Great quality and my daughter loves it.
Animal crossing plush.  Grandson loves these plushes.
Christmas Gift  My granddaughter's where so happy when they opened this on Christmas  morning . Both of my granddaughters loved it and they play with it daily ,
Hard to find something for baby boy or toddler - very nice!  Super cute for boy.  So hard to find them something to cuddle.
Small but perfect for my 2 year old  Small but perfect for my 2 year old, she immediately said Anna when she saw it. Really happy. Fast delivery .
A favorite toy!  My daughter wanted this for her 5th birthday. She doesn't watch Sofia, so this rabbit has nothing to do with the movie for her. It arrived, a little smaller than I expected but my daughter fell in love with this. It goes everywhere with her, it is very soft, and the ears are very long and soft. It get carried around by the ears. My daughter also loves to tie a knot with the ears. And, this rabbit fits into her 15" doll clothes (such as Disney Toddler Princess dolls). It also sits nicely in a small wheelchair for an 18" doll. This goes everywhere with my daughter, goes to sleep with her and also goes to preschool. Overall I'm very happy with this purchase.
It's cute.
My son loved it.  A++++++. My son loved it.
Love it.
My son loves Donald Duck! Will probably be buying Mickey Mouse in the future.
Cute and came in perfect condition.
Love it, no wispy fake hair, and vest is red instead of black but otherwise same as what I almost bought at Disneyland for less  I almost bought the pictured Goofy plush with black vest and wispy fake hair at Disneyland but it was misadvertised as on sale. Decided to order here on Amazon. What I received is essentially the same goofy plush but without the annoying hair and with a red vest instead of a black vest. The red vest has been a complaint on other reviews, but to me is a minor detail that my son didn't even notice. And I'm thrilled about the better (to me anyway) hair--it's just a felt spiky-hair cut-out, instead of awful wispy fake hair that my 2 yr old might rip off or eat. Win!
amazing, very good
I received this plush as an early Christmas present from my boyfriend. Daisy is my favorite Mario princess so I was delighted she has a plush doll! The doll itself is very cute and very soft! :D
Thank you!
cute
Loved it
Looked just like the picture.
awesome  this is wonderful got it as a gift for my dad as a chirstmas gift and he is a big game hunter and this was just cute!
Keep Little Hands Busy  This is quite a bit smaller than I thought it would be, but it is the perfect size for a toddler.  My grandgirl loves this toy.  It is really cute and well made.
Adele loves them.  they are sweeter than apple pie.  you cant got wrong with this, if you got a kid and they don't like minions well, you got a problem.  however it they do there going to live with these babies all night long.
Great  This is the perfect Tigger. Very soft, and lovable. I cant wait to give it to its new little owner.
Awesome Pokemon  Second time purchasing from this company, first time was pikachu and now piplup. My son's favorite pokemon used to be pikachu but afterseeing this plushie he has decided that the penguin is his favorite! hehe so i think it's a winner!
My 2 year old daughter is in love with this Elmo  My 2 year old daughter is in love with this Elmo. We take Elmo everywhere with us. I wish there was a volume control he is a little loud but no other complaints. He is perfect! She loves playing and changing out his hats. I received the Elmo from buzzagent free of charge.
... this earlier this year after realizing that my daughter liked this character  I purchased this earlier this year after realizing that my daughter liked this character. I made a drawing of her and my daughter was carrying the drawing around, so I looked for a doll instead and found this. I did think the price was a bit steep but I am glad we bought it. She was so excited when she saw it for the first time and sleeps with it every night. She is well loved and has been taken outside, on store trips, etc. The back seam did rip, but nothing that I couldn't stitch back up easily. Otherwise very sturdy.  Giving it 5 stars because it's so loved in our home.
Nice looking doll!
Granddaughter loved it
Love Kuromi  I just love love love this! It's so cute and came in perfect condition and arrived quickly. It's a must have!
It was perfect for my grandson's bedroom  It was perfect for my grandson's bedroom. I cut a log with a hole in the middle & the racoon is in the hole. Awesome. Thank you
Nice item, my son loves it
A surprise gift!  Great 
Thanks
I'm fully satisfied.  Krusty, came in the time mentioned and it is a very well put together plush doll. My son absolutely loves him. I'm fully satisfied.
Beautiful Toadette  It's a good plush I would recommend
Very good quality.  My daughter loves this toy. Very good quality.
Lovely. Waiting to see what my grandson will say when he comes over. I bet it's a hit- Ankylosaurus is his favorite dinosaur.  Well made and looks sturdy enough for child's play.
very cute  They're cute, they're zany, they're the latest singing sensation. put a smile on your face with 3 different ways to play. I try to take them all.
Princess Cinderella doll  This is very soft and very good to sleep with and very durable.
Not only did it arrive in perfect couple mediation (not to mention quick  Not only did it arrive in perfect couple mediation (not to mention quick!) but it made my son's day 
... yr old is not into Elmo yet but I like it  our 2 yr old is not into Elmo yet but I like it
Smiles from my grandchildren.  Smiles from my grandchildren.
My future sister in law loves this toy great gift
Excited Granddaughter over Guy Diamond  My Granddaughter loves him and was so excited to have gotten him as she is the only friend in her circle of friends to have gotten one.
baby loves it  survived the dog and several washings.
One of the best mini plush Pokemon so far!  They really do keep getting better with each wave. I remember when the first couple of mini plush Pokemon were pretty small, had some sloppy work on the stitching, and overstuffing was a big problem (poor Buizel...). But with these last two waves, I've yet to see a bad one. Jirachi here looks incredible, and exactly as he does in the stock picture on this page. When I saw it in the store, I picked it up immediately because I couldn't believe this was a standard mini Pokemon for the regular price.  Jirachi is very cute and cuddly, and well made too. He can't stand up on his own because most of the weight is in his head, but it's not because it's overstuffed. His little legs don't really help with standing. The blue tassel-things on his head are really the only thing you need to be careful with since they could tear off easily, but I'm sure most people who get this guy, regardless of age, will be cautious with them. It doesn't show up in the stock picture, but he does have a little smile instead of a neutral '_' face. The eyes, mouth and pocket-thing on his stomach are sewn in, so there's no worry about eyes coming off. Just like the other mini plush Pokemon, if he gets dirty, you'll want to use a damp cloth to clean him up.  I highly recommend getting this guy soon before prices go even higher. What I'm saying should be obvious, but it seems like the legendary Pokemon from each wave (Ho-Oh, Lugia, Celebi, Jirachi, etc.) are the ones that collectors go for first. The only time I've seen Jirachi in a store was when I got him 2 months ago. So hurry now while the wave's still available for retail. Don't give in to the secondary market prices yet.
Great Buy  This pokemon plush is a great add for a collector or is nice for a kid's plush and this one is right there with them all. It is of great quality and is very plush! A great buy!
Super cute & right on time :)
Cute doll  2 year old Doc Lover was pleased.
The kids love it
Excellent value, quick delivery and
it's great item and arrived in time
My Doggie Loves This!!!!!  It is comfortable and my dog loves it.  We put it in his crate for during the date and he is sleeping every time we get home.
Awesome to have around the office.
Me & my Yoda  I love my new Yoda! :)  He was in great shape when he arrived (which was more than I can say for the box he was delivered in!). He talks as well, which makes him cuter--even though I can't understand everything he says right off the bat. His recorded voices are perfect for the character. He's also compact, and a perfect companion for me when I'm working at home on my laptop. Well-made, well-stitched, with forethought given to his garb as well. He fits the bill for me!
Grandson loves it!
Great Product  Purchased this for my grandson who is a muppet fan.  He just loves it!!! I also purchased kermit, and grover for him.
thank you
Me and my brother love Mario games and we wanted to start collecting Mario plushies. Everything was exactly as described but there was a suction cup attached to her head. I don't mine because I just cut it off. Overall great product
Our kids love their official Chewbacca Star Wars backpacks!  Love our backpacks.  They are official star wars merchandise.  Shipment came earlier than expected!
I love him! He is so cute  I love him! He is so cute! He looks just like the picture, and got here way before expected! He will make the perfect addition to my collection!
It's super cute!
I bought this for my Great niece who loves cat in the hat it is on the smaller side but it is very soft and perfect for a little girl to hold
Great quality plush doll  Got the Great Eastern Sailor Moon Tuxedo Mask plush doll for my girlfriend as she LOVES sailor moon!  Great quality plush doll!!  Update: I wanted to provide an update for the reaction that my girlfriend offered upon being gifted this item. I combined it with a pair of Sailor Moon earrings, and I sealed it inside a box where Tuxedo Mask was holding the pair of earrings. She was ELATED when she received the present, and I knew that I had chosen well. I am really glad I found this product on Amazon, and I will definitely be looking for other products made by the Great Eastern products.
Best stuffed animal ever!  So well made and captures his facial expression spot on!
My daughter loved it.
So, So CUTE!  These plush elves were a great addition to our elf family. They are very cute. I do not use them as a toy for children, so I expect that they will hold up for many years. They likely would not be as durable in the hands of young children, but then they are not very expensive to replace.
Great gift!  Got this for a friend at her request.  She loves it.
Good
I loooove this  great quality
Two kangaroos  This completely exceeded my expections.  A lovely plush toy with a joey in her pouch, which fulfilled my three year old grandsons's wish for two kangaroos for his birthday! Delivery was quicker than expected.  Excellent all around.
Good. came  Good .came quick
The PokeCenter Makes the Highest Quality Poke Plushies!  I bought this Pokemon Center Zorua Pokemon plushie as a gift to my son, the reigning junior champion of his local Pokemon league.  Zorua, one of the main characters and star of the newest Pokemon Movie, comes from Unova, a region in the newest Pokemon Black and White game.  As an avid Pokemon plushie connoisseur, I've bought Pokemon plushies from all over the world, and let me tell you plushies from the Pokemon Center are by far superior.  HIGH QUALITY:  All Pokemon plushies, however cute, are not made the same.  Different companies have licenses for making the plushies, and the quality varies between them.  However, Pokemon Center plushies never disappoint:  they are ultra soft, and each comes with a super-cool Pokemon Center tag. And there really is an actual Pokemon Center in Japan.  Cool, huh?  I really believe Pokemon Center plushies offer a superior, high-quality, gorgeous representation of the Pokemon characters.  EDUCATIONAL:  Well worth the money as they give my son hours of fun and spark his imagination as we play pretend and he makes up stories about his plushies battling and having poffin parties and such.  The plushies provide a great prompt for his creativity!
Perfect Dolls  The docks were as advertised and in perfect order. They could not have been better.
He has a little bag on the side - Toby - 10 year old
Worth the money  My boys love plush toys, These have lasted several wash and dry cycles. Worth the money.
A must for every child who loves Llama Llama.
Plush Perry  My daughter wanted this for Christmas. It isn't as big as the one she saw in the store so I was disappointed when I first saw it. But the most important thing was the push button on Perry's foot to make his sounds. She said she loved it and loved it wasn't the large one she had seen as the smaller one fits her room much better. Win win as far as I am concerned.
Tauntaun plush  So cute. My dog is named Tauntaun and my husband got this for me. I love it.
She's taller than I was expecting and I love that she's plush  My daughter loves it and sleeps with it every night.  She's taller than I was expecting and I love that she's plush!  Great gift!
Adorable little Pikachu! My daughter loves this. It's very sturdy and well made!
Ok
My kid love it.
Nice !  Nice !
It was a perfect gift for a new born  I gave this as a gift along with the Beatrix Potter mini books. It was a perfect gift for a new born.
My Grandson loves it!
My grandson is scared of Sulley but still likes it
Super soft and adorable, thank you!
Perfect size for my great niece. She adores Goofy and asks for every one she sees, even wrapping paper!
Very sturdy  My sons rough on toys and this thing has taken quite the beating. I have washed it several times and it's no different than the day we got it.
I used these adorable blood parts for a puppet show for my school project.  They were perfect, everyone loved them!!!!
cute
Perfect.
Good deal  Great price used for party decor.
My son loves it  He plays with this plush all the time, and believe me, he plays rough.  So, this toy definitely holds up to extreme torture.
Terrific!!!!!  Was perfectly packaged and came with her little raccoon friend!!! My 3 year old loves it!!
So cute!
Buyer  I bought this for my son for Christmas and know that it will be around for awhile...great toy for a Mario lover.
So cute  Super cute and adorable, my daughter loves it.
Love it  I got these for my son and daughter for the elf on the shelf. They are perfect, cute and not creepy like the others. Also my kids get to play with them and go to sleep them.
Nice toy
Soft and cute
Good value  Great buy for 5 bucks
My daughter loves it  My daughter discovered Barney about 3 months ago and for her second birthday we bought her this singing plush.  It is a perfect size for her, not too small that it gets lost, and not too big that it is a pain to store.
Adorable  Granddaughter loves cricket! Perfect size for two year old.
Great toy  Mo is a great manatee. He loves to go to the park and go on the swings. I would highly recommend this plush toy!
Very well made and with super soft material.  Also bigger than expected, but that is no problem at all!
it is really cute
My daughter loves it  My daughter sleeps with her glow worm every night! I bought it for her before she was born and she has slept with it from birth. Now that she is older and mobile she carries it around with her while she plays.  Breakdown of how I rate: *1 star  Please don't waste your money this thing really isn't worth the hassle of opening the package it came in **2 stars  meh, I mean it was worth opening the box and its okayish for now but theres a good chance that this thing is going to end up returned or, if I keep it, in the trash eventually ***3 stars  ok, heres where we get to the don't love it don't hate it part. This generally means its an okay product and it will serve its purpose but its really lacking something ****4 stars  This thing is great! Has all the features I am looking for at a great price (talking about the full product price) and I will definitely be putting this thing to great use! *****5 stars  HOW DID I EVER LIVE WITHOUT THIS!!! Okay so maybe its not that serious but really, this thing gets daily use in my home with 2 adults, 2 kids, and a large housedog. Its worth every penny paid and possibly more and theres a pretty good chance I have already ordered a spare to keep on hand just in case!
She's gonna love  Very soft, got it for a combination present for my gf. She's gonna love it
My son loves it  My sons loves it
Cute glow worm that babies love.  Little glow worm that babies love.
So cute!
really cute plushy!  Yoshi arrived in Miami relatively quick- considering he came all the way from Japan ;)(that's what my 5 year old thinks ) He's nice and thick and robust, well built and the colors are true to the photo. I thought i saw stated that it actually was from Japan, but the tag that's sewn on says Made in China. Still it's very cute and my baby just loves it! A great purchase even though i personally thought it was a bit too expensive.
My daughter loves this!
I bought this for my son.  It arrived within the time frame that it said it would, and exactly as pictured.  He loves it, great quality for the price we paid and it is currently his favorite plush.  The only downfall is that now we have to try and complete his collection haha.  If the other plush toys are priced this great it shouldn't be an issue.
My Granddaughter loves this Elmo!
Well made!  Exactly what I wanted!  Well made!
Makes Kids Happy  My 5-year-old daughter had been begging me for these Inside Out plush toys. When the movie first came out, I had bought her Bing Bong from Target. Since the movie is a couple of years old now, I haven't been able to find these locally, so thank goodness for Amazon! I surprised her with this yesterday along with the Sadness plush made by the same company, and she is SOOOO happy with both of them! They're well made, and I really like the material of the dress on the Joy doll and the fabric of the sweater on the Sadness doll. Now that I gave these to her, she's already asking me for Fear, Anger, and Disgust. I should've just bought the whole collection from the start. Oh well. Hey, if my child is happy, that's all that really matters.
Loved by both my daughers  My daughters both love this little Dora doll.  It's a great size for my younger daughter to carry around and my older daughter likes to play with it as well.
Great for sensitive skin  I love this in-shower lotion because I usually get very bumpy and itchy after shaving, even while still in the shower.  This helps sooth my skin immediately and moisturize at the same time.  Plus, it smells great! I don't understand why I don't see these in the stores anymore!
Wonderfully soft and realistic looking! A huge hit!!
was great
My kid love this plush set.
Cute as can be!  got this for Christmas for my friend who called a geiko an iguna(sp)..loved it!
Like new
Shipped super fast! Got them way before I expected them  Shipped super fast!  Got them way before I expected them!  About 2 weeks earlier than expected!!  They are SO cute!  They each have hanging strings with suction cups on them which let us hang them wherever!!  
Best Gift  My almost two year old is an extreme Remy fan.  She opened this and immediately screamed "Remy!!" She sleeps with this rat every night and absolutely loves him.  Worth every cent.
Good quality
Great Product, my son loves it  After reading the reviews, I thought why not. Once we received the Elmo is was right on.  I showed my son the next day and not the Elmo goes everywhere with him.
cuddly god of death  love this soft friend, delivered quick and in great quality. Tag confirms that it is, in fact a pok center original. She is a very soft kind of fleece with big arms great for hugs. Her head fins (horns?) were a little crooked from shipping but other than that no complaints
Gift - BIG hit!!
So Cute! My little girl loves it!
Daughter loves her new cook
very soft and cuddly for my Grandson
Super cute and cuddly  Sweet adorable dog! Cuddly and one of my favorite stuff animals that my daughter has. I now understand why she wanted one after seeing her cousin's.
Wonderful plush doll.  This is a great toy.  Fun and great to play with.  Would recommend it to anybody who loves Kirby-like toys.
I'm a play therapist and my young clients LOVE these dolls!
Beautiful stuffed animal.  High quality and very soft.  My grandson loves it!
Got this for my daughter. She says: "I thought that it would be really fun to have Umbreon in it because I really love dark types. On the actual Umbreon the rings on the ears and tail glow." Her mom says that it's a very good quality toy that is holding up perfectly to going everywhere with an enthusiastic 5yo, even if it itself doesn't glow. Great purchase.
Delightful plush puppy  What a darling plush little puppy named Goldy Locks. She doesn't do anything except sit there and wait to be hugged, pulled on and loved. She has black button eyes and a black nose. Her feet pads are pale pink and she is delightful. She is the perfect gift for any child and she will love them and they will love her.
Nice Frog!  My daughter loves this frog. It's soft, there was no smell. It's great!
My daughter traded in her very loved binky for this doll and takes it everywhere. Good quality and cute.
So cute and fast shipping love it!!
So ugly it's cute !!!  It was a funny critter and the child loved it !!
Cute plushie  It's so cute and soft!
good deal  not as big as I thought but nevertheless a lovely little sheep, for a reasonable price and fast delivery
Very good!  Great! It is just as picture showed
well made, soft and cute  My granddaughter loves the book "If animals kiss good night" and she the little animal that goes with the store.  it is well made, very soft, and cuddly!
Great quality  Nice toy
Awesomeness  Awesomeness! Daughters new favorite bedtime stuff animal! If this were to get lost I would definitely have to get another one!
cute and cuddly  Bought two of these, to have a "back up" for our toddler-- they are cuter than the picture, and very soft!  Small, but perfect size for a 1 1/2 year old to tuck under an arm and walk around.  The fur is very soft, not like the old polyester stuffed animal fake fur.
great for restaurants and  14mo old loves this toy... great for restaurants and planes
Great  Our granddaughter was waking up at night crying --now that she as Huggable Elmo with her at night her parents say she sleeping through the night 90% of the time.
Very Cute!
Great stuffed animal , my daughter loves it !!!!!
Super Cute!  It's really super cute. It's not made of super soft fuzzy material like many plushies, but not all plushies have to be soft. And I am fine with that because this is a heartless, they're not meant to be huggable, well except for Sora, but this one is great, and he can sit on a shelf! I'm super happy with him and I reccomend this as a great gift for any Kingdom Hearts fan.
Exactly what I needed!  My daughter is 5 and going through a seahorse loving phase, we already own the two TY seahorses we could find in stores so I thought this would be a nice surprise and she absolutely loves it. It's about the same size as a standard ty beanie baby and the quality is nice as well. My only wish was that they made it in more colors so I could order more!
Wonderful!
Dog gone adorable  It's as described however the eyes are often covered by the hair and so for the most enjoyment I trimmed the fur near the eyes so it could be noticed. It's an adorable plush nonetheless.
Better than what picture describes.  Fabric is excellent quality.
Awesome  amazing and so so very cute. love it. would highly recommend
Niece loved it
... that work in labs and want to have a fun side.  For all the geeks out there that work in labs and want to have a fun side.
My son lost his original Zomboss on a vacation and was heartbroken. This definitely healed the wounds.
Good product.
Cute!
Elmo is great  Elmo is great. he is beautifully crafted and a nice addition to my family. i was very pleased with the product i received.
I can't believe how much my kid likes this.  Keeps a toddler occupied for a long time. Plus, teaches how buckles work. Convenient and sized perfectly for travel. A big plus.
Great Plush Toy  Great Quality, made a great gift for my niece who really wanted a cow.
Grand daughter loves it  My Grand daughter loves this doll.
Great!  Simple and easy to install!
It came on time and looks exactly the same as the picture.  I use this item for decor. along with Finn,Jake,And Lady Rainicorn. I say that other customers should watch out for the helmet-head hair.
Cute!  So cute!  I got this as a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it!
This Stitch is great!  Awesome and better than expected! Daughter loves it!
My baby niece loves it.  I'm trying to be a good aunt and bring her up properly knowing all about Doctor Who.
Loved this!  Cute item!
Perfect and cheaper than retail stores.
Peek-A-Boo Kitty House  A great gift for a young cat fanatic that allows for imaginative play! Kittens are snuggly, durable and easily portable in their house.
Love at first sight  Our girl is six years old and can't go to bed without her Boo. I picked it out for her for Christmas last year and they have been inseparable ever since.
... thing held out very well it was amazingly I recommend this to Kirby  This thing held out very well it was amazingly I recommend this to Kirby fams
very nice toys... a gift unique for Christmas
Everyone in the house love it  Is a beautiful snowman, the design is different, a little expensive but anyway i bought it. The kids like the lights.
Holds all of my gear and provides ample hiding space to do cable management  Currently have all of my AV gear sitting in it, was easy to assemble, it's rock solid, and has plenty of room in the back to tie up cables and make things tidy.
Well made  This is the cutest kitten. Well made and details wonderful
Good quality and beautiful  Really fast. Good quality and beautiful. Thank you. I feel so good. I wil buy more teddy in your store.
As expected!
Great little stuffed animal. My son loves it.
Snuggly  Nice soft little fellow! Huggable.
my friend loved her present!!
Great George  Love him so much, perfect size for cuddling, in great condition. My 2 year old loves him
Very cute!!  Very cute! Jut wish the eyes were darker but love it! Also smaller than I expected but not a big deal! And a good price!
Pretty little mermaids-Recommend!  Purchased 3 of these little mermaids in diff colors for an Ocean/beach themed tree. They added just the perfect touch! VERY PLEASED with product, quality, colors....adorable!
Good little toy  My 4 yr old loves these little stuffed birds! We have 5 of them. They are surprisingly made pretty well and withstand his little boy hands. I was very pleased with them! C3PO makes noises which is funny when you hear it bounce off the wall just right! :)
super cute for my Christmas dcor.
Great!  Arrived just on time, I was happy to find this was aunthentic. What with all the bootlegs floating around. Compared to the other, they both seem to check out. Very cute.
My granddaughter  loves hello kitty and I cant wait to give this to her. Its getting hard to find some that she doesnt already have.
The cutest - I love it!  Trudi is definitely made with the highest quality!
... my order in a timely manner and was very pleased with the quality of my purchase  I received my order in a timely manner and was very pleased with the quality of my purchase.
Best xmas gift ever  Luv Grus doggy... Perfect gift for my nephew. I've never seen him in any store,Great find! !!!
COOKIE!!  I love it! This was a purchase for my one year old Sesame Street fanatic and it was his favorite gift.  The cookie monster was a few inches smaller than I had expected but his resemblance (for my sons sake) was spot on! He sings a cute counting song about cookies which he counts to 20. I haven't had to change to batteries on it yet and my son has been playing with it almost daily for over 6 months.  I am very pleased with this toy and hope to get the Elmo one on the next holiday for my son!
Adorable!  SO CUTE! Great size and perfect for a newborn! The eyes are stitched, so it's safe for babies.
Really awesome!
So cute!  This stuffed Boo is adorable. It looks just like the real-life Boo. It is soft and plump. Gund has once again maintained it's standard of excellence.
New Best Friend  UglyDoll Classic Ket is ugly, but this little guy is also bright, fun and my little guy's new best friend.
Love  Suuuuuper soft my son loves it, I couldn't have made a better purchase. Very well made. And the beans inside are just enough not to ruin the bear love this
My daughter loved this!
EXCELLENT PRODUCT!!!MY SON LOVED IT!!!!
great
Nice quality!  Grandson loves it and carries everywhere.  Nice quality!
Love this bat!! Makes me smile everyday!!
My grandson loves it.  It was just what I wanted
My darling Palmon  I bought it friday morning got it monday morning I ADORE HER!!! Shes beautiful ive been looking everywhere for her and she was expensive until i found her here shes worth it shes thick and well made the green on her it bright its like shes glowing (: now shes with agumon and gabumon i am totally going to buy more from this seller!
My daughter 7 loved it along with the Rudolph we purchase at the same time.  It's a no frills stuffed Clarice, so nothing to go wrong. :)
glow worm!  My son absolutely loves his glow worm! Even though its different than the ones in the past, it's still a quality product.
Big Guy!  Big Dude here for the price can't wait till my Granddaughter gets here to see her surprise!! Ordered several different plushes for her..
Birthday gift  My granddaughter ordered all these Hello Kitty things for her fifth birthday.  They were in perfect shape, arrived promptly and made her very happy.
Great, cuddly, and small enough for toddlers  My 2 year old loves this little Cookie Monster. He is smaller than I thought he'd be, but it turns out, he's the perfect size for my toddler.
Heavy  Oversized adorable dumbo! It was sooo cute! For the diaper cake i made
Amazing  Came in perfect timing. And it's great quality. A+
Fits in my purse and gets me to appointments on the right day and right time.
Our grand twins love this toy.
My son cuddles with this little guy every night  This Minecraft skelly is such a wonderful and silky toy that when my son gives it to me in the mornings after he wakes up and is on the move. I live it, simply put, and it is one of my son's favorite stuffed little guys. This is a gem for a young Minecraft lover.
Unbeliveable  This is an unbeliveable system. 400 watts of raw power never sounded so good. The bass on this thing can be felt on my thrid floor, and the system is in the basement. The setup is simple, outta the box its ready, and you pick up how you us it in 1 hour. If you ever want to get a sound system, this is the one. I've owned everything from a 9 speaker set up to a simple two one, and this beats them all, by far the best for its price. The remote is full functional and is great. The system is defiently a mini-system if it can fit this much power in such a small unit. If you already love a song, you'll love it more comming out of these speakers. The bass is there in full. And the sound modes are koo. The Compu Play feater is nice, i just hit CD and the CD starts, no more pressing power and Cd and play any more. One button does it all. And this systme does it all.  This system defently ROCKS THE HOUSE.
Great detail  He is a giant plush horse. Does not stand up on its own, but i did not expect it to. Great detail, and great stitching. It even has A.N.D.Y. stitched into the feet!
So pretty  She is so pretty , soft and very big . My daughter loves this , my other daughter now wants one . I highly recommend this is to any age .
Gave as gift
Best lovey ever.
Great toy  Gave this as a gift, a nice plush toy for fans of DD. Much appreciated.
Very cute, soft and cuddly.  Medium-large sized, not too big, not too small.
Great little blanket!  Our 10 month old daughter absolutely loves this snuggle blanket. It was purchased for her by a friend after she had shots several months ago, and now she takes it with her everywhere. I would give a couple pieces of advice to others thinking about purchasing this doll blankie.  1) The doll head definitely soaks up saliva and starts to stink easily, so we regularly put it in the wash. After several months of washing, it is looking a little faded, but our baby obviously doesn't care. 2) The fabric will fray and scratch up if it gets caught on Velcro. If you use those Velcro seat belt covers, just make sure there is no Velcro exposed. 3) The arms are short enough that the baby can't gag on it but can still chew on it.  We ordered this as a backup because of how much she loves this thing. Always a good idea to purchase a second in case you lose it or it gets damaged too badly :)
My son loved it!
great price  I love it
Good manufacturing / quality  This is an officially licensed plush toy. Good manufacturing / quality. I'm sure my daughter will love it. My wife was excited to see it.
Bad Kitty  Looks just like my "Bad Kitty" "Ms. Rue" which I swear the Author knows. Nick keep up the good work.
I'm pleased.  Just as described.  I'm pleased.
Ordered this for my daughter who is ten months old and loves Barney. Its sings I love you its on the smaller side but non the less very cute.
Cute toy, baby loves it  I recommend the "quiet" mode. "Off" works good for long car rides, too... Though seriously, my daughter loves this toy and it's not annoying to listen to. Her daycare provider gave it to her as a Christmas gift and she's still delighted with it.
Bought this for a friend and she loves it.  Its incredibly soft and bigger than we thought it would be.
Sweet  My grandson loved this Plaf!
Great idea for a Christmas gift.  I bought this as a christmas gift for a friend. I"m so excited to give it to him. His favorite character is L and it's hard to find L stuff outside of online.
I purchased this for my 16month old son and he absolutely loves it. He will sit for 20 minutes and put all of the buckles together, take apart and start again. The best part is that the clasps are not so tight that I have to worry about it pinching his fingers. A little bigger buckle size might have been helpful but he's managing the current size just fine.
good
Sanei Poliwag  Our second Pokemon plush from this brand. It does not disappoint the kids. Good materials, accurate form and soft. And cute!
He is soft and the perfect size for a 6 year old  My son loves this plush. He sleeps with him nightly. He is soft and the perfect size for a 6 year old.
Exactly as described
A Koala Bear anyone would love  I love Koala Bears and this one is an exceptional replica!... she is not to big and extra soft!.. I am so glad I got it... if you love Koala's you will want to get this one.. Its a great buy!
It didn't let me down.  Just what I expected when I ordered it. It's really well made.
Perfect for dinosaur costume  I ordered two xsmalls...and they fit my 3.5 year old son and 1.5 year old daughter (little big on her but she still loves them). I bought them to go with their dinosaur costumes and they are perfect!
Groody is too cute!!!!  I wish that i new that Groody had come out!!! I think he is very cute and my cousins love him more than my other uglydolls. he resembles ket but he is cuter. I also think the small size is very good because i can bring him everywhere. I think these toys are educational because they don't have a gamesite that helos alot because it gets kids off the computer!!1
great for the kids  great quality, bright colors, only had to sew the tail though because can undone a little, boys love it alot
Grandson Loves them  Our 2 1/2 Grandson had really gotten into Star Wars (could be worse) so we started collecting these plush toys for him and really enjoys them.
thank you for this amazing product.  It looks exactly as it did on the purchase page, thank you for this amazing product.
I love it I have a shelf with frozen stuff on it and that's were it sits
I apparently love it so much I had to get a 2nd one  Someone gave my twin girls ONE of these Geoffrey Giraffe dolls for their first birthday. One. It was ok for awhile, but now that they're two, they started fighting over it. So I had to go online to purchase another one.  Guess what? They are discontinued, hard to find and expensive! I think I got the next to last one on Amazon, and paid a small fortune for the darn thing. But my daughters are happy and each cuddles her Geoffrey every night. They are kind of cute. I like the stars for spots. I give it 5 stars because my girls like it enough to fight over. Toys R Us, please make more of these for kids!
I wuv my Sasuke plushie  SOOOO KAWWAII. When this guy came in the mail I was like "omgggg so cool~" who ever made this plushie did a pretty good job~
The doll was exactly as pictured, high quality, and well-packed. My daughter was very surprised!!
OMGGGG, FINALLY  After buying the hammer bros, I HAD NO CHOICE BUT TO BUY LAKITU.  Don't be fooled, it's a lot larger when you receive it.  Though, when I did receive it, the red shell portion actually hangs outside the bag (seems like the manufacturer, Sanei it seems? didn't put it inside due to the fact that it might be too bulky).  But that's fine, it came in a nice amazon box with no damage.  I will be posting up a video review for the unboxing. My hands were a little dirty when I opened the plush and I managed to get a small patch of dirt on the bottom half of the plush.  Usually when a plush is not as soft, the material doesn't absorb it's elements as often.  I have this one sitting next to my hammer bros.  The string that holds the shell spine near the bottom is tough to pull off.  You can't yank it like you were 5v5 tug-o-war, but it's fairly durable.
My granddaughters love the Wiffer Sniffers and they even decorated a small prelit Christmas tree with their collection!!!
Granddaughter loved it!
Delphox: The Magical Witch Vixen!   Got this Delphox Pok Doll from my grandpa for Christmas last year. Delphox is one of my all-time favorite Pokmon, and I have wanted a Delphox plush. I have been crazy of Fennekin ever since Pokmon X and Y were announced. This plush is way better than the overpriced Pok Plush version of Delphox, even compared to prices.   Her fur is very soft, especially her big and fiery ear tufts. The quality of this plush is wonderful and perfect enough for a person to adopt such a cute little plush like this one! The only problem that I had with lovely little Delphox is that one of the fur tufts on her face was bent, similar to my Fennekin Pok Doll and the dress on my Diancie Pok Doll.  This Delphox Pok Doll is a perfect gift for any fan of the Fennekin evolution line. I would definitely recommend it! DEFINITELY!  I even added a photo of her with my Fennekin plush as well.
Adorable!  Unlike some dolls depicting beloved TV/Movie characters, the DJ Lance doll looked just right.  And it is a great size for the little boy who's getting it for Christmas.
Awesome toy  My daughter asked Santa for a Guinea Pig.  She's 3, so we weren't ok with the idea of a live pet.  I found this one on Amazon.com and thought try it and see if we could get a stuffed one to meet her expectations.  She opened it up Christmas morning and absolutely loves it.  She named it "Guinea," takes it everywhere with her, and can't go to sleep without it.  Some other reviews said theirs had weird ears, bad colors, etc.  The one we got looks exactly like the photo.  It's the size of a real guinea pig, super soft, and just generally a great toy.  We're 100% satistied with it.  Great Toy!
My son loved this batman. It was a good size to play and sleep with.
... to my sister because she study psycologist and she like  This its a gift to my sister because she study psycologist and she like Freud
Martin the Moose  He's adorable! We put him in our camper and I smile every time I see him. I did have to pin up his floppy ears as other reviewers suggested, but that was easily done with good result. Now that the camper is in storage for the winter, I brought him inside and hung him on the wall. He's a keeper!
Sesame Street, always the right gift!  Very happy with Elmo, he's her favorite !!  This is third character I have bought her  recently,  She is happy.
Dog tested and approved to last  I'm guessing this is made for children to play with. However, I have a very hyper 1.5 year old Cattle Cur that loves soft toys. As most herding dogs, she has much energy and loves sinking her teeth into basically everything. I got this as a gift and it quickly turned into a play toy with her. It took a great amount of chomping, throwing, gnawing, etc. I bought another one after this because as much as she tears up toys, this one withstood her for months. The stitching is very good in to, and though I was worried about her getting the belt off, she never got it off him, nor his beak. I think if it can withstand a young dog, it can withstand anything.
Good quality...pricey but worth it.  Adorable!
These were a great buy and especially for the price.  My 2 year old LOVED them!
This product is even nicer than I expected. It's soft and quite large. I tracked the price until it went down and it was worth every penny spent on it!
Great bear!!  This bear is customizable and my 6 month old absolutely loves it. It was shipped quickly and I would definitely recommend this to anyone with small kids. It's been so much fun!
Fun for toddlers  A great toy for quiet play! We used it while traveling and it was a repeat hit.
How cute is lowly worm! I got this to go with a Richard Scarry book as a baby shower gift. Thanks!
Great toy  My daughter loves this doll.  She sleeps with it and takes it every day. Favorite toy .favorite color very satisfied
This thing is adorable. I got it for my sister's nursery and it is ridiculously cute sitting there.
Great love it
Love it.
Punched for my pokemon lover for christmas.  Super cute plush.  Good size for snuggling.
As mentioned
Super  Super cute, super soft, super quality.
My grandson loves him.
Kid loves it  Good quality and size. Not to big and not to small. Great for a 4 year old.
4 Year old rated it excellent and happy.
Adorable  I bought this for my 7 year old son. He sleeps with it every night. Great quality. I would order another if necessary
It is so cute!!
Niece loved, said very soft and cute  Bought this for my niece and she LOVED it, said it was very soft:)
Kids love it
This is so cute
Great toy for baby  This toy is my 10 month old son's lovey. It was initially a baby shower gift from my grandmother, but once my son started showing a preference for this toy, we have ordered 3 more so we have extras and they can be washed regularly. It's so soft and cute, and my son really loves it.
Elmo  I was pleasantly surprised that Elmo was larger than I thought. He is well made and was a hit with my granddaughter.
A great item for Final Fantasy fans  Cute and exactly as advertised. A great item for Final Fantasy fans.
Cute  This was a gift I purchased for a friend. It arrived on time and it was really cute. Since it was 8'' it was a great just because gift.
Super plush Minecraft spider  My five year old is a Minecraft nut. I bought this for him for Christmas and he couldn't stop dancing when he opened it. I thought it was a little pricey but we'll worth it. This is pretty much the onely stuffed animal he has ever dragged around with him. Construction on it is great and it's super soft. I'll be buying him the dragon next
This is the cutesy pup  We had our own Boo who passed away 6 months ago.  He looked just like Boo.  Our youngest granddaughter will enjoy his cuteness and the toy is soft as down.
Very cute! My 4 year old loves it!
Works as advertised  I scratch my head how the kit is cheaper than the battery alone.  Hey, I'll take it.  Wish cars were that way, you know geting the bike rack and car together cheaper than the car alone.
So Soft!  Super soft and fuzzy.  Really nice quality.  The woman I gave it to (half as a joke) loves it and keeps it right next to her desk.
Brothers girlfriend loved it
The kids just love this little guy and his books.  From ages 3 to 6  the kids love the graphics and the cute story lines. The puppet went so well with the book.
Sits on my dashboard of my car, very cute item
Daughter loves it!  My baby loves this and sleeps with it.
My nephew loves his plush toy it looked exactly like the picture  My nephew loves his plush toy it looked exactly like the picture. its big perfect for him to run around with and sleep with he seriously can not put it down
Great quality stuffy. Children love it
My grandson loves it
cute doll to go along with book  we love ada twist! my daughter questions everything and loves the ada twist scientist book (along with the others in the series). When I saw a doll, i quickly bought it for her. Now the doll reads the book with us, and is pretty cuddly to sleep with at night.
Great toy to keep toddlers occupied  My daughter is 20 months old and loves buckles. When I saw this I knew she would enjoy it. It keeps her busy. My three year old loves it as well. Great toy.
I live a retirement home I have made two extra orders of 3 amd 4 of them and the plans are to buy more WHAT A GREAT INVENTION. T  I bought this hamster originally for my 4 year old grandson. I naturally had to play with it, I live a retirement home I have made two extra orders of 3 amd 4 of them and the plans are to buy more WHAT A GREAT INVENTION. THANK YOU
Gund Boo- World's Cutest Dog from Gund 9 IN  I all along love GUND's products because their bears are very soft and cuddly. However, it does not really look like Boo - the latest mini version of Boo looked very cute. But it is still a collectible for those Boo fans.
3-Year Old LOVES This Toy  Our 3-year old got this toy several months ago.  She LOVES Boo!  She still carries him around.  She insisted that we get Boo a collar and leash.  So Boo has his own collar and leash that she "walks" him with.  It's a great toy, and freakishly cute :)  I couldn't believe Boo is actually a real dog.  If you search for him, there are videos and webpages.  Pretty amazing.  He's actually a Pomeranian.
A+
Daughter loves him  Daughter loves him
My dog loves these!
It is so cute I've never seen such a cute plush in my life! I picked it out for my brother and he loved it ! It is really good quality for the price . It is so soft and cuddly . I could not have picked out such a good plush for him ever!
Perfect!!!
they are so cool! thank you amazon  black star and soul, they are so cool! thank you amazon! :)
Perfect for babies  Perfect for my 4 month old great-niece! Gigi is very soft, and cuddly, and just the right size for tiny little hands to grab hold of.  She has a cute little face that my niece gets very excited to see.  Gigi is durable, and washable, and I think she will be a favorite for a long time.  It's not easy to find a "first" baby doll that is safe for young infants, so I was delighted to find Gigi.  Gund made a great doll.
Pupazzo molto bello, ben rifinito. Ottimo il venditore
Very pleased  Great baby toy.
LOOKS JUST LIKE THE ORIGINAL WALT DISNEY CHARACTER!
very cute  granddaughter loved it
Best toy ever for any fan!  My daughter loves El Chavo. She takes him everywhere and gives it a lot of use. Best toy ever for a true fan of El Chavo! Totally recommend it for those parents that grew up with "Chavito" as my daughter calls him. Pass on the popular Mexican character to your kids :)
Kid Loved this based on the movie  Kid loved it.  It is small but true to the movie.  Tag was Croods so I wouldnt concider this a knockoff.  Price was a bit high but woudl pay it again for the kiddo as he loves it.
The best, my son loves it and I highly recommend  The best, my son loves it and I highly recommend! This is our second one so that I can keep one in his crib and the other he can take all around.
Great product! Would recommend  My 2yr old loves it! The tummy is hard to squeeze but I'm not complaining. That means I don't have to hear it all the time. Please select the helpful button if this review helped you
My son loves it  Perfect for my 2 year old son. Thanks for having a great doll for a boy Playskool!
Loved it.
Good size.
What I expected
Daughter loves it. Works and sounds good
He is cute!  I love my Peter Rabbit. It's nice to read books for children and they can see a real Peter Rabbit. It's magical!
Really cute!  I almost bought the Pascal stuffed animal from The Disney Store but glad I went with this one, it's adorable! The shiny areas make it very cute.
Grandson has mickey mouse security blanket  grandson who is 18 months old love mickey mouse so i bough this for him since his sissy has blue one so be fair to get him red one and he in love with it and hadn't been a day without it.. :)
Super cute and awesome!  Very glad with my purchase! Big enough pocket to hold my essentials.
Gg  Love this worth the money
You need to get this for your child...Or you.... :)  This is such a cute toy! Well made, beautiful. Bendable neck, kinda clicks into place. Any child would love this, but I bought it for me, because it is SO CUTE!
LOVE IT  I don't know why anybody WOULDNT buy this plush??? It is super cute and well made! LOVE!
My daughter loves this and has been great for teething!
bunny  Love the bunny
Recipient loved this gift.  Very good quality.
Very pleased!  Very nice looking plush tiger and well made! Tiny hard plastic nose is a nice touch. Has a nice face on it too!
Grandson 21/2 years old loves Gru! Calls him the snowman idk why?!
Great!
Excellent product, fast shipping, well packaged.  This toy is exactly as I expected it to be - in size, quality, accuracy, and cuteness! Got the whole set of Angry Birds Star Wars 5" plush toys, and they're all great!
DZ Lance rules  Nice size for my little one.  We have the whole crew now! All small enought for travel too. Yooooooo....Gabba Gabba!
Excellent
Very nice plush, medium sized with lots of detail  Very nice plush, medium sized with lots of detail.  It arrived early and my child will love this for Christmas!
I love it.  It is cute. I like it so much. When my sister see it, she said: woa! So cute. :) hihi
Perfect Condition  These kitty beanies are a big collection item in my house with my soon to be two year old, so every time I come across a new one that fits something we have going on, I am always quick to snag. She just happens to be having a Rainbow Hello Kitty party and this little cutie is perfect! It was shipped nicely, and VERY quickly!
Huge!  This Elmo is soft and perfect! He is bigger than my 2 year old, making him an amazing gift for her this year!!!
Peppa and George pig  Received these before expected delivery date! They are just as described,  big and my son loves them! I'm very pleased
Very cute & my grandson loves it!! Came quickly, as promised. :)
This is perfect. My best friend loves Bernie and I knew she would love this. Came very quickly and in perfect condition
The best thing I have bought for only $20  My son loves it! The best thing I have bought for only $20!
I AM VERY PLASED WIHT THIS NEMO PLUSH TOY. GIVING IT TO A ONE YEAR OLD FO RHIS BIRTHDAY !!
SO CUTEEEE boyfriend loved it :3
My 21 month old twin grandsons absolutely love their Elmos. It is a great bedtime pal.
Very soft and plushy! Looks just like its picture and I am very happy with my purchase!
adorable  Such cute detail and perfect small size for 2-year old.  It has a little backpack that is removable.  It is adorable.
daughter loved it!  Doesn't break when dropped! daughter loved it!
looks like the photo  Very soft, looks like the photo! Nice size as well and looks to be really well made. Been wanting for a while, glad I finally got it!  Gonna edit this: My son loved it so much he wanted one as well, so I went ahead and ordered one in advance for Christmas (didn't want to have it run out / I wanted there to be enough time in case there was a problem). Good thing, there was a hole in the 2nd one (1st had no issues at all). I emailed them about the problem, they sent another Vaporeon and a small plush pokeball key chain for the inconvenience and they emailed a return shipping label for me to return the broken one. I got the new plush in around 3 days, it actually came before I had the old one sent back because I had to find a printer to use for the return label. When I ordered the plush, it had a latest delivery date of 8-1-17 and I got both (the one with the hole and the replacement) before that date! Still a 5 star, even though the one had a hole. Very fast shipping and very good customer service! :) The new one is perfect and my son will be SO excited to find him on Christmas.
My niece loved it.  For my  young niece.  She loved it.  Appears well made, is very soft.  One negative if you are giving it to an very young child, the feet at bottom have small beads sewn in to weight it so it can sit up (I guess).  If they come out it could create a problem if the child likes to put things in their mouth.
I want Cookies!!!!  Very cute and great quality.  It looks most like the original on tv. It's smaller than Elmo but my granddaughter loves him!! Out of the many in the same  price range, this one seems to be best!!!
ANIMAL - ANIMAL - ANIMAL!  my grandson loves animal, and growls like him to get us all laughing.  it is a great toy - he sleeps with it.
My boys love this huge Palkia & Dialgo  My boys (8 & 10) love it! They have it's counterpart - Dialga too. Play with both all the time! Reasons we love it: It's big! Incredible attention to detail and made very well. No inaccuracies in the stitching or stuffing - looks great! Stands up on its own. Soft materials. Not heavy. Great price for the size and quality.
Much better than picture  This Fawkes is soft and cuddly and is much more attractive in person than in the photo.  Harry Potter fans will love it!
Great!!!
Best mouse yet!!!!!!
Sun-sational skin saver!  This stuff does what it says - provides sunscreen protection and helps restore any sun damage.  Couldn't find it locally so I searched it out online.  It's good a good thing.
Great shape.  Fast delivery and a great product. My daughter was so excited to get this. Holding up really well for a toddler playing with it.
Such a Beautiful doll!  Beautiful doll with beautiful face and clothes looks like the one in the movie. My 7 year old douchter is crazy about these dolls. The hair is soft.
Soft plushie  Was a gift for my three-year-old and he loved it. He would carry it around with him everywhere he went. The plushie was soft which made my three-year-old like to cuddle with it.
So cute!  They're so cute!  My son loves them !
Peter Rabbit  Great to go with book and share with new grandbaby
You don't know what death is!!!  About 6 inches tall... soft except the knife. The knife is hard plastic so beware.
Absolutely adorable  I love this Eevee! He is so adorable! He is very well made, definitely quality material. The tag even has Japanese writing on it, so apparently authentic. I was not expecting that, but it's a plus. He was smaller than I expected, but it does say 6 inches in the description so I should have taken a look at my ruler. I even measured the little guy when he arrived and he is definitely 6 inches. That doesn't bother me at all. However, for those of you looking for a bigger plushy, be warned, 6 inches is smaller than you might expect. But this little guy is definitely cute.
My son loves it
Excellent just what I wanted. Thanks
I love my new purchase it was a perfect birthday present
LOVE HIM!!!
Big Speakers, Big Sound  I purchased a pair of these speakers from a local shop as part of an overall upgrade of my home audio system.  They replaced a pair of Bose 501's, and are paired up with a Harman Kardon 3390 (an Amazon bargain rated at 80 watts per channel) which replaced an older 90 watt per channel Yamaha receiver.  Everyone likes something a little different in their speakers, so anyone considering a major purchase like this would do well to audition them.  I usually have a bias towards a clear high end, even if it comes at the expense of bass.  I generally view bass-heavy speakers as being made for youngsters, and I'm certainly not one at age 58.  However, these speakers have a very pronounced lower end, and I really like them.  It's a very clear and smooth sounding bass, and the high end is much the same - clear and well defined.  I didn't expect to find both features in one speaker, nor did I expect to be so impressed with the quality of the sound.  These speakers produce sound that is big but also complete, well rounded and pleasing to the ear.  They were the clear stars of the show when compared to the other speakers at the store.  I should disclose that the comparisons were made with a 90 watt per channel receiver which would tend to favor more efficient speakers like this.  A power source of 120 watts or more may have produced a different winner among the speakers.  Or maybe not - these things are tough to beat.  A couple things for the potential buyer to be aware of:  1.  These speakers are quite large and will easily dominate a small room both physically and acoustically.  2.  They are highly efficient, requiring very little power to produce a lot of sound.  At higher volumes, they will part your hair, but they still sound great at low volume.  3.  Although the bass end is fully developed, they are still what many would call "bright" because of the clear and strong high end (most likely due to the horn tweeters), so they should be paired with a receiver that is not especially bright in order to avoid creating a harsh sound.  A lot of the Yamaha products would fall into the "bright" category, so HK or Marantz might be a better choice in this application.  One other consideration that may or may not be important to everyone (it was to me) - they are made in the USA.
2 year old LOVES it!  2 year old LOVES it!
Adorable
A nice, soft, and legitimate plushies  Besides being round (a bit) he looks exactly like the show. The small one ( who I carry around) is very small and cute! The bigger  one sleeps with me and is very,very, soft. They arrived 5 days early and are legitimate plushys. Goubumon fans will LOVE him!
Loved it!  Grandaughter loved it! Fell asleep with her arms around him.  Loves everything Bubble Guppies and we have not been disappointed in quality of anything so far!
great stuffed animal  This is one of my daughter's favorite stuffed animals made of high quality materials easy to wash
Loved by young Suessical fan  Cute, Small.  Loved by young Suessical fan.
It was a big hit with the kids.....and the adults too!
Disgust plush doll  This is a perfect doll that is soft and plush for the children who love the movie from Disney, I gave it as a gift along with the DVD to my granddaughter for her 7th Birthday and she loves it!
Wonderful toy  My Granddaughter loves it.
Super cute!
For Xmas for my grandson  This makes number 25 for my grandson-he is getting another one and will probably take it everywhere with him-kid is is nuts about sharks
An inexpesive and fun little toy  My 4 year old son loves this!  He walks around with it saying "Bubble Puppy Aarf Aarf".  It's so cute.  This goes really great when you download some of the Bubble Puppy apps on the Kindle and Ipad.  We have both.  He hasn't hurt it, the seems are holding up to rough play so I'm pretty happy.
Just as I was expecting. No fuss, no bother
My little girl love it!  Thank you very much!! I got the new one. My little girl love it!!
plushie  This pokemon is so soft. My daughters are big collectors and this completes it. There are 3 left in stock so try to be one of the last chance people. My kids wanted it so much that I had to unwrap it and let them hug it before I put it away again. My daughter has the banpesto one and it is just scratchy felt. This toy is soft and big and cuddly. ORDER SOON!!!!!!!!!!
great  it is great, and my friend likes it very much, the speed was fast, too. all in all it's a good one
I'm glad I own this.  The coolest thing in my house by far.
Very nice !!!  I knew once I started going to the tanning bed that I should invest in some products to keep my skin moisturized and healthy. One of the products I purchased was this Hempz Sunburn Relief & it REALLY works great! I usually use it on my really dry areas first, and then after it completely dries I go over the area again with a good moisturizing lotion. I signed up to the subscribe & save so I could get it mailed to me on a regular basis, because it really does work great! I have had my kids use it on there skin too! Its nice to put on after a day in the sun, or just on every day dry skin. I would totally recomend this product.
good buy  My son loves Umizoomi, and he loved this toy.  I think the price was a bit much when I bought it, but still worth it to see his face when Bot showed up.
Very cute doll.
Thank you
Love her!!  Great size!  Sassy little doll!! Love this!!  Perfect size, exactly as expected.
Durable and adorable!!  This plush is of really good quality. It feels a lot firmer than I expected it to and it is super adorable. What I got is just as what is pictured. Would recommend to any Kirby fan!
Best Stitch Plush  So cute! I bought Angel first also the Disney one, she was so soft and well made I had to buy stitch as well. My husband is in love with stitch so he was very happy. He was pleased with the size, with the color, with the way he feels, even with his little hair lol  Stitch actually looks better than pictures, I definitely recommend buying him.
Looks exactly like the picture  Looks exactly like the picture. Super cute! I cute his tail loose because it was stretched around his belly.
Has held together nicely in a house hold of 3 rough and tumble little boys.
grandaughter loves her
soft  so soft and adorable!
For any Celebi lover...  ...you MUST get this one! It's the perfect cuddle size! It arrives from a very long trip from China but well worth the wait!
Very cute for happy bday theme
Girlfriends little one loved it.  Great for the car.
Our son was extremely pleased with his gift!! Thank you!! Evelyn Pentzien
excellent quality on this brand  As always, excellent quality on this brand. Love it.
Nice large plush space shuttle  Great quality for the price.  It's fuzzy, soft and well detailed.  The windows are silver fabric and the details are decals but seem like they will last.  I think the wings are stiffened with foam and they are a little floppy but don't crease.
Baby loved it!
Love it!  Got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it. It is super soft and big enough to hug.
Hassle-free purchase  This is an axample of how items should be listed, described and shipped - all according to what was stated.
5-yr old daughter loves it  Got this for my 5-yr old daughter and she loves it.
Hug me Elmo  Everything was fine except thay it did not come in the original box(?) it works fine and is new but wish the box was with it.
It's my grandson's toy  My grandson has played with this plush since he got it from us at Christmas.  He always brings it when visiting.
Excellent quality and good representation  This toy is super cute! The quality of the stitching and material is very good and seems durable. It looks exactly how you would expect anger to look in person and closely matches what's in the movies. My toddler loves this and it has already survived plenty of abuse (aka: toddler love).
LOVE IT!!!!!  I don't usually write review all that much, but I had to with this!! My 13 year old loves this! It is soft and Cuddely. It got here super fast and on time. It would be great addition to any webkinz lover !
nice  very nice 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
Sweet plush toy  This was a Christmas gif, so I am not at liberty to say how well the baby enjoys the item. I do think for myself it is very cute. Thank you
She loved it
Great Birthday Present!  The was one of my daughters 1st Birthday presents. This is a great toy. He is so soft & cuddly! The 13" is a good size. She has loved & played with this Elmo for 2 years now. He has been machine washed once & had a bath with my daughter once and he is as good as new! I've definetely got my money's worth from this toy. I really like that this Elmo does NOT sing or dance or make noise! He does not have hard parts inside. I would highly recommend this Elmo :-).
Great product. Just as described
Love Mario and Luigi  My son watches YouTube videos of kids playing with theses constantly. So I got him some too for his Birthday. He absolutely adores them and are now his favorite toy!
Nice toy and great price!  No kid doesn't like Elmo, and this gift was perfect for my 3 year old neice.  I got this as an amazon deal before Christmas and tht made this gift perfect!
Great value. And SO minky soft  Humphrey was a diaper cake topper and he is the CUTEST thing I have ever seen. Soft and much larger than I expected him to be. Great value. And SO minky soft! Now he sits comfortably in the newborn crib. Buy more than one!
Absolutely adorable,  very soft, and well made.
My baby love it! ++
Great item as decribed.
Perfect stuffed animal  Grandson loved his first so much I had to purchase a second.  So soft and holds up to a child's constant handling!
Too cute  I ordered this as a christmas gift. The shipper had this to me in about 3 days after ordering! My daughter is obsessed with the movie Tangled and loves Pascal. Pascal is pretty durable, is a decent size and definitely cute. Pascal is perfect for your little Rapunzels!
Very nice plush. As described and delivered rather fast considering it comes from Japan. Made my daughters day. Great deal verses the Pokevault prices.
Fantastic quality!!
My niece loves carries it around every where she goes
the BEST!!!  this knife is just fabulous! Sharp as it can be...the angle is just right ...not to mention that it fits so perfectly in your hand! The price is well worth the purchase. Slices tomatoes very thinly...limes/lemons..quickly...an indispensable tool in the kitchen!
Giant Domo. !!!!!  Great friend for the bed.  He is so big he can be used as a reserve pillow when they all fall off the bed or the wife hoards them all.  Domo also keeps teh cats off the bed when the parents are at work.  Thanks little buddy!!!
Who doesn't love Olaf?!!  Bought this for a 5 year old girl's birthday, and it was a hit! All the kids were trying to play with it as soon as she unwrapped it. It's larger than I expected too, which was a plus. You have to pull out the plastic piece that goes into the battery so it will work. I'm glad they have this so the battery was fresh when we got it. GREAT purchase!
Excellent product for an excellent price!
Very Nice  This turned out to be one of my 2 and a half year old grandsons favorite Christmas gift.  It is well made which is good because he carries it around with him everywhere.
It's great for car rides and my personal favorite  My son loves his buckle! This toy goes everywhere with us. It's great for car rides and my personal favorite. . The grocery store! I just buckle it to the shopping cart handle and my little one is entertained while I get my shopping done. A+
Not worth the money
Love it!  Couldnt find one on internet so was glad I found it. Purchased as gift for a Pink Panther lover.  They loved it.  Very cute and Cuddly!!!
Shockingly Beautiful!  I fell in love with this as soon as I saw it. Exactly like the picture! Every bit of it is extremely soft, even the little red orbs! It has a little trouble standing up but it will work if it's in the right position. Same problem with the head, it's a little too big for such a tiny neck, but not to worry, just adjust the position somewhat and it'll look straight ahead with no problem. I would buy this again anytime!
My Nephew went crazy over this!  Once my nephew got this for his birthday that was the end of it.  Toothless went to bed with him, watched tv with him and pretty much went everywhere with him!  Everything was great about this purchase, the description was right on and the price was fantastic!  I recommend to parents of kids who love "How to Train Your Dragon".
13 Inch Stuffed Elmo  The 13 inch stuffed Elmo doll is one of my 2 year old son's favorite toys. It's the perfect size for him to cuddle with, and we act out the "Elmo's World" Sesame Street scenes with it. I like that it doesn't have all the bells and whistles that the talking/battery operated character dolls have.
Nice details on face and paws  Very cute. Nice details on face and paws. Fur is soft and huggable. My 7yo wanted a wolf and this was the perfect size for him to carry around and sleep with. It is not meant to be posable but you can squish him into a sitting or lying down position or a standing position and it will stay
Adorable  Charlie Brown is adorable. It is very soft and plush.
baby loves it  Just like the big bird in this series of corduroy sesame street characters that the baby has had since his birth, this cookie monster is strong, durable and goes through the wash well when he becomes more dirty and brown than blue!  Love this series of stuffed animals.
Great Product
AWESOME!  My son loves Monsters Inc. As soon as he got this toy for his birthday, his eyes lit up and he fell in love with it. It is extremely soft and has no small parts. perfect for my 1 year old.
Beautiful Doll  Absolutely the most precious doll I've seen in a long time.  My 2 year old granddaughter was just in awe of the doll.  The explanation of the doll's name and the company behind it was an added bonus.  Well worth the money spent.
Great purchase!  Purchased this for my niece on her first birthday. She was so excited to receive such an adorable little doll. I'm sure she will treasure it for years to come. Great purchase!
Two Furbys are better than one!  My 3 year old really wanted a Furby of his own after his Big sister got one. He loves his Furby! Now the two Furbys can interact with eachother. Very cute! I also love the color of this Furby. It looks even better in person.
Happy Feet  It will be a Christmas present for a 6 y/o girl.  She loves the movie.
Granddaughter loves it...  ...and that pretty much sums it up. I'm told she sleeps with this plush doll. I don't know what kids see in these but if my grandbabies are happy, so am I.
Great quality! Very cute!  My friend's daughter absolutely loved these for Christmas! She likes to arrange all her stuffed animals to watch TV with her and Mickey always goes to bed with her! Super soft and just large enough to fit under the arm of a 3yo!
Awesome very Good quality and came super fast!
My granddaughter loves it.  Cute and soft.  Looks just like the picture.  My granddaughter loves it.
Cute toy for my grandbaby, I wish if the light stayed on longer, though.
My Baby loves it!!
It is the perfect size for my 2 year old.
This was a gift and my daughter really likes it
... obsessed with Five Nights at Freddy he was so happy to see that they made finally plushys  My Son is so obsessed with Five Nights at Freddy he was so happy to see that they made finally plushys. Its very well made.
Love this elf  Love this elf! Our baby girl's face lit up as soon as she saw her. We're using this elf as our Kindness Elf.
Loved it :)
Cute!
Prezzie for Ghostbusters lover  Bought as present for someone else. I am told they loved it!
My daughter was super excited when she opened the package  We looked all over for this toy! My daughter was super excited when she opened the package, she loves it!
Love this throw  Love this throw. I recommend you wash and dry it first then shake it really well. The scalloped edge is punched along the edge and lots of little pieces of fabric are still in place. It washes well and looks like new.
Bought this for my 4 year old great niece and she loves it  Bought this for my 4 year old great niece and she loves it!  She hasn't let it out of her sight since getting it.  She loved it so much her Mom got her a second one.
Beautiful!
Gund is always the way to go !  This Boo dog is so cute,  Got it for a young lady for this Christmas.  She loves my Pomeranian and should adore this pooch
Great for my daughters newborn pics. :)
Totoro 6" Smiling Plush Doll  My daughter love it.  Good size and very good quality.  It's not very soft, so I would recommend it for children age-4 and up.
Perfect for babies  This was my 7 mo old granddaughters favorite gift of all. She has the Pirate too! They are colorful, soft and just perfect for little hands ! Recommend  highly
Good value
This toy is the perfect for keeping the kids busy in the stroller during our Stroller Strides class. Love it. Great gift too for moms expecting baby #2 or more;)
Cute!  So cute!  I got this as a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it!
Fuzzy Hugs  These are fairly small, which is perfect since they were a gift for my 18 month old. They can hug other Sesame Street hug dolls or they can hug a kid's arm. They aren't big enough to hug around them. The arms kind of feel like old school slap bracelets are inside. These are fuzzy soft and toddler friendly.
Fantastic system  I have owned the Jensen JW-120 for the last 3 years and it is great. It has gone through the hell and it is still working like new. I am ordering another one before they discontinue.
Quality
christmas  These were christmas presents for my kids and they loved them!
LOVE IT
Tinier than I thought but still adorable  It's tiny and cute. Some stray strings but I just carefully cut em off
she loved it  grand daughter loved it
Very good quality and nicely made  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old. Very good quality and nicely made, he loves it and carries it around the house with him.
So cute. My grandson loves it.
Extremely cute!!!
he loved  Got this for my nephew, he loved it
Granddaughter loved it!
Thank you!!  I couldn't find a plush Rosalina anywhere for my daughters birthday and I could barely find party supplies for the Rosalina themed party. Thank you for this toy because even though it didn't come in time for her birthday, she still loved it.
My grandson love him!
Adorable!  Perfect little gift for my son, he drags it everywhere calling it 'shadow' :) Little worried about the antennae, he likes to chew on them...
The type of cable I like  bought this quite a while, thought sharing some of my experience, hopefully help your decisions a bit.  I had to move my TV from family to living room, but the living room donot have cable outlet, and I donot want to fish the cable through the wall, as well. My house's construct is not a easy job.  Initially I had the older cable hanging around the floor to bring the signal to living room, apparently this is not a long term solution. Found this one, and brought it in, it's so thin and soft, amazingly the cable's color matches to my wall color, so I just ran it along the edge of wall with double side tapes, it's hide pretty well, without paying much attention, you would not notice it there at all.  I just wish all the cable/satellite companies could switch these cables for their customers, instead of those old, hard thick cables ;)
he loved it.  gift to a pokemon lover, he loved it.
Cute  It's small--note the size; but it seems well made and really cute
So cute my daughter loves it
Not cheesy at all and easy to wash  My son loves this thing.. Can not sleep without it. Not cheesy at all and easy to wash.
We love Hello Kitty!  The Kitty is perfect in size and very plush and the blanket is great! My granddaughter loves her Hello Kitty!
Buy it - ultra high quality soft toy.  Excellent workmanship put into this very high quality soft toy. Captures Hanks personality. Every time I look at it I laugh.
Perfect Unicorn  Rarity is so beautiful I could cry. Her mane and tail are perfectly styled. She has beautiful eyes like the blue diamonds of her cutie mark. I love her and she is a great best friend for our Pinkie Pie.
My daughter loved it!!
Huge
Interactive and Fun  I must say the first thing that I noticed was how Cora the Cub had a timer and could actually tell my daughter when Halloween was going to be!  It was wonderful that it teaches the children some concepts of time, such as holiday greetings and birthday wishes.  Not only is Cora educational, teaching body parts and other important concepts, she sure is cuddly too!  My daughter is on the older end that is recommended for Cora (she is 2.5) and she absolutely loves her.  She loves pushing her heart and her tummy.  I also love that you can personalize it with your child's name and favorites.  Great product and definitely a great gift idea.  the VTech product was provided to me by VTech, All opinions are 100% mine.
For my great niece and she loves it!
Nibs is awesome. I love it.
Sofy  Love it
Great learning toy!  This is a great toy for learning and play.  It offers opportunity to show how to use potty through a toy that a child can relate too.
Adorable and soft!
Really cuddable!
i love it!
So cute
An instant hit!  Singing the words "He's big, he's ugly, he's green, and HE'S GROODY" has my 5-year old step-son in stitches.  He really likes this doll!
awesome toys!  soft fun plush toys that give a different dimension to the mine craft characters. My son loves these and enjoys playing with them.
3 Year old Loves this
Beautiful product!!
They are a good size and very cute  These are the same plush that Universal Studios parks carry in their Jurassic Park water ride. My daughter loves dinosaurs and after an injury from a hard plastic dinosaur we opted for plush ones. She enjoys playing with these. They are a good size and very cute. High quality material, stitching. I would recommend these.
childs plaything  I bought toy this for my 10 yr old son last Christmas,he loves it. He plays with it all the time.
Super sized. Shipped fast
Great quality!  Great quality! Cute face, looks like the anime character, uniform has great detail.  I love my Hetalia (England) plushie! Kawaii!  ^_^
Granddaughters love!!  Very cute!  Granddaughters love!!
Elmo  My 1 1/2 year old granddaughter loves it & that's all that matters to me! But Good quality! Fast shipping! Great price!
Cute  !!!!
very cute and realistic
HES  SO PERFECT. like omg his hair is perfect, his little bomber jacket is just darling, and his glasses and mouth and belt and everything is just super adorable.
excellent
We love Princess Peppa!  Exactly as shown in picture and just adorable.
Adopt a Jabba...  Let me tell you a little something about this Jabba. He needs to got o a loving home. Deep down inside Jabba is a giant snuggle monster. He cries when we leave him for too long. He is an amazing baby sitter, and always gives the best advice. Just look at his face! Jabba is constantly judging your life choices. My wife said we cant take another Jabba into foster care, so please step up to the plate and take this little guy home. He loves Twizzlers, Reese's , and pizza.  He also enjoys going to Disney world, but make sure you get him a balloon. He also makes a fantastic guard Jabba. He will keep you and your family safe. Just be sure to shower him with hugs, love and food. And always make sure to check his tookis to make sure it's dry. Jabba worries about these things. If you do all of these things you will have a new family member and best friend for life. If not... He might poop in your shoes.. just saying
cute  My daughter loves bats so I ordered this for her for Christmas. I'm sure she is going to love it!
tall and soft, my daughter loves her and is her top pick for bed time  This doll it taller than my daughters other dolls. She is 4 and loves the soft dolls most, this is her new favorite for the past month! Great purchase, shipped very fast, got it right before christmas, one day earlier than expected. thank you!
Llama Llama plush toy  I sent this and the book to my nephew for his 1st birthday. They said he hugged and kissed on the doll. He got mad when his 3 year old sister tried to take him away . I ended up ordering her one also .
Adorable and VIBRANT  I love this plush! I have the rest of the GE plushies except mercury and Jupiter and I placed Chibi moon on the shelf next to the rest of them. I have to say I am surprised that she is such a large plushie since she's smaller than the other sailor scouts in the series. She actually looks bigger than the rest because of her hair. BUT i'm not complaining. I love that they kept the size consistent...the reason she seems big is really is because of Chibi's design. I can't wait to get the other two.
So great!  Such a great looking doll! Big hit for both parents and little guy that got it at Christmas. Thanks!
Exactly as ordered, very soft and well constructed. Arrived ahead of schedule.
Adorable!  I bought this for my daughter's mobile. She loves it. We did cut a little slit near the speaker and put tape over some of it to dull the music a bit. It's loud but pretty
My favorite  My daughter collects these but THIS ONE is by far my most favorite!  I almost stole it from her!  Of course that's because I collect skulls!  Great buy!
My niece loved this!
Grand-daughter loved it  Like that this Rudolph plays so much of the song. My grand-daughter is 2 years old, and she loves him. He needs a little help standing up sometimes, but it's nothing major. He was a little pricey, but I'm glad that I bought him. Delivery was speedy also.
High quality.
Great Service. Product as described  Great Service.  Product as described.
Cute as can be!
Grandson loved this Christmas gift!  The item arrived in time for Christmas and was as advertised.  I would recommend to anyone with a Dragon lover.
My daughter loved it!
very soft  My daughter loves this toy!!!
Well worth the price.  I got this for my niece. Now she won't it out of her sight.
unique wine rack  This is a very unique wine rack. I love that I can store glasses with the wine. Seems to be very sturdy.  A good conversation piece. Looks great in my dining room. The service was smooth and quick delivery as with other purchases I've made with Amazon.
great item  My son loves this creeper.
This Jack is SO CUTE!  My little sister loves Jack as much as I do, and I was looking for a plush Jack somewhere that was her size that she could hold.  I found this Pookalooz one and it shipped really fast.  When he got here, I almost didn't want to give him up!  He was so soft and so funny!  But I did the right thing and gave him to her for Christmas, and neither of us were disappointed!  She was so happy, she screamed his name, squeezed him tight, and ran around the house.  One of her favorite gifts.  Thank you so much!
Adorable little guy!  This little guy is way better than I expected for  bthe price. He is absolutely adorable and a good size. I gave it at a baby shower and plan to embroider the ears when the baby is born.
Better than expected  Better than expected.  Soft, really great quality.  I got it for a friend of mine who'd had major surgery and had to put her dog down a few months ago thinking it would be a nice healing companion for her.  She loved it.  I would purchase again if needed.
Cute and nice size.
Sweet sounds of the loon  I enjoy this product when I get overly stressed while working at my computer.  I start to feel like a loon?  I squeeze my little friend and he goes off for a bit.  Makes me feel lost on a lake in the misty, cold, night air among sweet sounds of the loon.  Love it.
daughter loves olaf!
He loves it!  I got this for my 4 year old nephew after he watched a thing on YouTube about water bears and became obsessed with them. He loves it and hasn't let it go since, and he has plenty other stuffed animals to play with
HOMER MANIA  LOVE YOU HOMER
Cute pokemon my daughter is happy. I'm happy.
All we can say is AWESOME!!! This was a perfect surprise for Christmas this year, thank you.
LOVE IT!  I'm such a kid when it comes to The Muppets.  I'm 38 yrs young, my husband and kids gifted me this Mrs. Piggy...LOVE IT!!!
Love love  Omg the cutest thing ever
more than a toy  my daughter fell in love with it, can't leave the house anymore without
EXACTLY LIKE STATED  MY DAUGHTER ABSOLUTLEY LOVED THIS ITEM. VERY COLORFUL AND JUST LIKE THE PICTURED SHOWED IT TO BE.MADE MY DAUGHTER VERY HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really good quality  I ordered a large foxy plush for my daughter. Bigger then I thought it'd be, my daughter wanted a small plushie but she was more then happy to receive this big one. Seems to be high quality.
Great product !!  Our son was so excited , it put a big smile on his face ! That to me is worth more than 5 stars ! It was a good quality to !
Child loved it. Well made and worth the money  Child loved it.  Well made and worth the money.
Amazing  So cute and looks so real
Came as ordered, I'm pleased
She's small, but well made.
I LOOOOOVE IT  Best salamander plush ever <3 its so cool
It's soft and nicely made. I purchased this at full  Bought this for my son for Christmas. He loves it. It arrived sooner than they said it would.  It's soft and nicely made. I purchased this at full price
Fantastic Rabbit---authentic Disney  Fantastic Rabbit---authentic Disney. Large size (but not too large) that is great for a little one to hug and play with. Well-made. Pricey, but Rabbit in this size (and in general) is not very easy to find.
my child loves it.
He loves it,!
Perfect
My great granddaughter absolutely loves this.
very happy  awesome amazon store with great prices
Soft and adorable
Super Amazing Sailor Mars  I am a die hard Sailor Moon Fan and in order to honour the 20th Anniversary I decided to purchase both Sailor Mars and Sailor Venus Plush Dolls and put them on display. They're awesome and cute and look like the character and are the perfect size. You should definitely purchase them
Adorable Dachsy!  My Grandchildren love these dachshunds and now I am creating Dachshund clothing for them!  Adorable!  My Grand takes her little "Chloe" with her everywhere so she has to have clothes for every occasion.  Cute and cuddly and small enough to pack in a school backpack for little ones.  Great buy!
great gift
She's cute especially w/ her sweater.
One word.  CUTE
Despicable me Agnes  I will be giving this to my granddaughter who will be five years old at the end of this month,  I know she will love it because she talks about this movie when we visit.
It was the perfect little gift for a Pokmon fan. And an adorable size at that
Great for Boys  Ugly dolls have been a wonderful pass time for our boys. As they have grown older it became "uncool" to play with stuffed animals. However, these little ugly dolls are the exception to the rule. They can be enjoyed without appearing "babyish." They are made of great quality and of course, have a corresponding website to enjoy and collect them all.
So happy I went with these  There are several versions of key chain sized emojii's on Amazon and I spent a good deal of time looking at pictures trying to decide which was the best choice.  I am so glad I went with these!  I received exactly what was shown in the picture.  They are incredibly well made without any flaws that I could see (for example, a pillow I purchased had the eyes mis-stitched, or another one wasn't completely sewn at the seam.  This wasn't the case with these!)  I am excited to tuck these into my kids' stockings for Christmas, I think they will work perfectly on their backpacks!
He's so cool!  KYLE ! He's so cool !
Such a fun toy. My little one loves it!
He loves it  my 7 year old son loves it!
Great toy my kid loved it . Shipment was fast as well
Great for Barney lovers  I bought this toy for my 2 year old nephew for christmas and he loved it! he hugs it and kisses it and sings along to the song. I had originally ordered batteries separately because I wasn't sure the doll came with them...but he did :) I am pleased that my nephew loved his Barney doll :)
cuTIE  i bought this plush for my friend since her birthday was coming up and she loves it and says it's super cute even though she keeps on playing with the little snot but she can do what she wants with it haha
Snagged Charmander  He's cute, but he got snagged by my 6 month old granddaughter.  She love's him.
Very nice
The are good quality too - a hard plastic  The toy fruits were just as I expected. The are good quality too - a hard plastic. I don't think that they will be breaking any time soon.
Highly recommended.  Bought this for my wife for her birthday and she absolutely looooves it. Highly recommended.
Great gift!!  Great gift. My granddaughter loved it.
went to Florida and they loved it!!
Love!  This is the second one I have purchased because my LO loves the puppy so much.  Hopefully it will work nicely when I need to start taking the pacifier away because he will still have a lovey :)
Super cute and great detail.  Adorable. I'm very pleased. I didn't buy it for a kid like most people. I'm a Star Wars collector. This is very well done. They even went as far as giving him stiched on finger and toenails. He has a cord on top of his headgear. Very well detailed for a collection, for small and big kids alike. 
Grandson loves it
love bot!  My daughter loves Team Umizoomi. This is smaller in size but perfect for my two year old and it easily fits in my diaper bag. I wish he talked though, the second thing my daughter did after hugging the stuffings out of him was start pushing on his tummy and the  she looked at my confused as to why he wasn't talking. He is a little pricey but my daughter loves her Bot, so to me he was worth every cent.
Very happy with product!
Perfect for my daughter.  Perfect size for my 4 year old. It's the first doll she has wanted to take everywhere with her.
Daughter loves it.  Purchased this for my daughter. She loves Ghostbusters and now she takes that doll everywhere. I was amazed at how fast it arrived, and on a Sunday no less.
This is a very detailed and high quality product, cutie marks on both sides. Eyes and details are a sewn pattern. Correct material in her hat, although it doesn't come off' it is fairly simple to do so, since it is lightly sewn on.  The only minus is the"my little pony" tag on her left back leg.
Great Item, Very Pleased  Just as described and shown. Sturdy, well put together and soft. This was a gift and not only did the child love it but the parents did as well. Shipping was fast and as promised.
wow  I can't believe how huge Mr. Grouper is. My daughter is so excited and talks about getting him for Christmas. I can't wait for her to open him! Great product and fabulous deal.
We purchased this learning tool/toy for my 17 month old niece. She absolutely loved it. She was fascinated by all the various buckles. We enjoyed watching her facial expressions which indicated that she was having fun while she learned. Thanks.
My grandson loved it!
Absolutely LOVE him!!  We purchased this over the "standard" elf on the shelf, as we find the other one creepy looking.  Our grandson loves getting up in the morning to see what WALTER has been up to.  This is going to be a fantastic tradition to hand down over the years!
Delighted Upon Arrival  We purchased this plush Llama Llama for our 3-year-old's birthday in May. I was surprised as to the quality and durability of this item. Our 3-year-old, like most children at or around her age, who has read the few Llama Llama books (Llama, Llama, Mad at Mama; Llama, Llama Red Pajama; Llama, Llama Misses Mama), was absolutely thrilled and shocked when she realized that her Mommy and Daddy managed to find the plush Llama, Llama and purchased it for her. Unlike other items/toys that she has seen advertised on television, she had never come across an ad for this toy; neither had she seen one in passing at any toy store. This Llama, Llama toy has survived being dragged across the floor, etc., but the stiching has not come apart. It looks almost practically new even after her owning it for almost 6 months. I think that this was a great gift though it was one of many, of course. I don't regret my purchase and wished that there were themed Llama, Llama plush toys to represent each of the books that the author has published. We just purchased the Llama Llama Holidy Drama book the other day and we know that our toddler will be just as surprised to see a NEW Llama, Llama book on Christmas just as she was to find this plush toy on her birthday! GREAT GIFT! WISH THERE WERE OTHERS LIKE IT! WE'LL JUST HAVE TO STAY TUNED... :-D
Perfect
excellent product
As advertised  As advertised
my friend loves them they're so cute and tiny!
Great gift for any Yoshi fan  I bought this for my daughter, and she loves it. She has it on a shelf with her other Mario Bros. characters.  It's just a stuffed toy, so there really isn't much one can say about it. It appears to be constructed well, and it seems durable so far (4 mos. later). Most importantly, it was a hit that wasn't expensive. If you've gotten this far with checking the toy out, I'd recommend buying one. If you like Yoshi, I think you'll be happy.
my son loves these
He had been playing with the buckels on his highchair so I got this toy for him and it has been great.  My son is 16 months old and he loves this toy! He had been playing with the buckels on his highchair so I got this toy for him and it has been great.
Super soft!
Geat Eastern GE-8960 Sonic the Hedgehog 13" Plush Doll, Silver  This was a gift for my grandson who is a huge sonic the hedgehog fan. He loved it. The quality was very good.
Bought for 1yr old but enjoyed by all ages  Bought for 1yr old but enjoyed by all ages! I love that it has an off button for when mom has had enough though.
daughter loves  my two youngest daughters love Ponyo and pretty much all things Studio Ghibli which is the production company that put out the adorable movie. i was extremely happy when i found this product from this much loved (in my house) cartoon.
I highly recommend this to everyone for quality and price  I bought this item for my daughters. The item was exactly as described and was in new original sealed box. I highly recommend this to everyone for quality and price.
Perfect.  This was purchased for my nephew for his 2nd birthday. He loved it and it's really REALLY cute!
This was a gift
Love  My cousins kid loves this monkey!
What a great little fish!  We bought this for our fish-loving daughter's birthday and she loves it.  It's a great design and seems to be well-made.
Great buy
Grand daughter love it! You simply can't go wrong with Elmo  Grand daughter love it!  You simply can't go wrong with Elmo!
Love it!  It took over a month to get here but was worth it. It's larger than I thought it would be too. My son loves it and I recommend it. Order it early and you won't be disappointed.
i love five night at freddy am a big fan i love foxy
... bought this as a sticking stuffer and it was perfect.  I bought this as a sticking stuffer and it was perfect.
My son was very happy with the skeleton.
Cute Trudi!  Super cute Trudi squirrel!  Bigger than expected!
Buy it, they'll love it!  My sons are crazy about these Angry Birds plush toys. They're heavily played, and surely well made.  (Best when paired with pigs).
Cute
Great For Home Fans  My 2 year old sleeps with "my boov" every night now. She has trouble getting the voice box to work because you have to squeeze pretty hard but it doesn't matter to her. She loves him. He's the perfect size and is very well made.
love this Elmo  I got this on a lightening deal, and love this Elmo!  Perfect for my little one and it's so fluffy and cuddly!
Fun toy  Toy was described perfectly and I received exactly what I thought I was getting.  My child loves it and carries it all over with her.
Cute plush animal  Cute!  Shipped from China, but arrived quicker than expected!  Thanks!
best thing i ever got
Good fro the price  Good for the price.  Neat wire inside with ball joints for movement.
Great little bear  It is the perfect size, is made of the finest materials and feels just right for that special little guy in our lives (Colby)!
Much loved baby gift
Great quality
Worth the $  I almost didn't buy this plush because I felt like $21 was alot. But I'm so glad I did. This blue guy is amazing. Much bigger than expected.
Cuddle Pal  Totoro is a great favorite in our house.  This one is just the right size for cuddling and is super soft and plush.
AWESOME  love them, great quality,great price,fast, service what else is there.
Grandson (14 months) absolutely loves it and can buckle them all!  Next will be learning the unbuckling part!
lips are my favorite. Cutest stuffed toy I've ever had.
Fine Machinery  I got this little gem earlier this year to replace an old Craftsman antique that still "works."  I didn't get a chance to use it 'til last week making some cabinet doors.  It's like the difference between driving an old used car (it gets you there) and a new BMW (it also gets you there, but the experience is rather different).  I am impressed with the 1618 and its oodles of power and smoothness.  I specifically wanted a D handle and am glad I specified this particular unit.  I recommend it.
Very cute. Well made.
Adorable!  Just as adorable as I'd hoped! Great price for a cute little Lapras I absolutely love her! Just sewed in the horns a bit.
Cool Cat  Cool Mr Cat in The Hat!!!  Bought it for my four year old as she is in love with "Green Eggs and Ham" and "The Cat Knows a lot About That".  She loves it!!!
Good buy  Very good product for the cost.
Oh my...so cute.
DD will not go to sleep without it.
More Poke' plushies for me!  Poke' world rocks! My brothers handed down all their Pokemon treasures;what more could you ask for? More Poke' plushies? YES!
Nice for a present  I purchased this for my niece.  This is one of her favorite Pokemon characters.  She absolutely loves it.
Great for curious little hands  I ordered this doll for my 17 month old who is just entering that age of discovery of how things really work. I know the toy is marketed towards children age 24mo and up but if your child is at that mental stage of wanting to explore with their tiny hands and figure out how things work, it's the perfect time for a toy like this. My child will sit and zip the zipper up, down, up, down over and over again. The other features of the doll are a bit advanced for my child at this point but the zipper is enough to keep him engaged for now. I anticipate this one getting a lot of play in my home as my child grows and is able to master the other techniques on this doll (button, buckle, fasten and tie). Great product!
Great Gift  I bought this for the administrative assistant in my office who is a poet and adores Frida Kahlo's work. She had been going above and beyond her job description while I was out of town on a family emergency. I bought her this, and she loves it. It is not much, but I wanted her to know I was thinking of her and really appreciated her work.  The doll is sturdy and well made. It actually looks more like Kahlo than the picture of the doll does, if that is possible. It is beautiful and sturdy and made a great gift. I will certainly order more from this seller.  This would make a great gift for Frida admirers, feminists, poets, and artists alike. We may have to collect the Little Thinkers family. :-)
We set all the presents out and this is what she picked up first in a giggly fit. So worth the money and it seems very well made.
Big and Soft!  My toddler loves this toy and it is nice and soft so we have him sleep with it in his bed.
What you see is what you get  Came two weeks before the expected delivery date. Very blobby and fishy and plushy. What you see is what you get. It's soft and I'm sure any weird person who likes blobfish and wants to fall asleep staring into the face of a pink grumpy old man/fish creature would love this!
Awesome!  Charizard was actually bigger than I expected him to be, no complaints there though! He is well stitched and sits on his shelf wonderfully!
Nice gift  Fun present and good quality.
HAPPIEST granddaughter ever!!!!!
Better than the picture!  I got this Domo for my daughter exactly a year ago and It's still as great when I first received it, she loves it so much! When I first saw him I wondered why his feet were bent like in the picture but I later found out by my daughter that it helps him stand up! He is such a cute huggable monster and I am relieved to say that it looks BETTER than the picture, it is not a fake plush and he's very durable, he had a official licensed tag just like her other Domo plushies. I can tell that she is going to love him for more years to come!
Cute!  Cute! Very cute. Much smaller and "empty". It was "plush". It's like it didn't get filled enough. But it's lovely.
Niceto
Great  My 3 years old love it,some hair falls out but depends how you play and its a toy,it doesn t have to last forever. They are soft,colorful and good quality.
My grandson loved it!!!!
She loved it!  I bought this for my wife as part of her Valentines gifts. She loved it!!!! It's super cute and soft and cuddly. She absolutely adores it and me for getting it for her.
Great product!
A great gift for any princess  this doll turned out to be better quality than the pic shows. The fabric is very soft like velour and the eyes were sewn with a beautiful sparkling blue thread, really giving her eyes that princess sparkle :)  It's the biggest one out there, and that's what my kiddo wanted from Santa....and the price is top notch!  a perfect buy!
SO CUTE I BOUGHT 3
Very Cute!!!  This is a very soft and cute Sully!!!  My daughter loved it! It got here quickley and I was very pleased with this product
Bought for little guy for his birth day.  He loves it.
Great toy!!!  My 18 month old grandson was fascinated with the buckles on his car seat,  high chair,  and stroller. When I saw the Buckle Toys on Amazon I knew he would love them. I bought "Bizzy" for him and it's one of his favorite toys. I plan on buying him more in the future.
Forever Webkinz  I am a Webkinz junkie and the Zombie pup is a must for all Webkinz fans who are Halloween mad.  He is even cuter in person than in photos.
Good quality and nice size  I loved it. Good quality. Nice size.
Perfect for my step son and just as described.
Made a great chrismas gift.  Christmas gift that is still going despite my sons constant hard playing with it for over a year! Held up well!
Quiet toy to occupying a little one for a bit!  When I first saw the girl version of this doll, I couldn't help but wish for a boy version. I was thrilled to see that there is one.  This is a perfect doll for my 2 year old little boy! The doll is on the large side, but not huge. There's a hook on the back of his neck that allows him to hook onto my diaper bag, making him easy to tote around when not in my son's arms.  He's perfect for outings that require a quiet child, and even worship services. Parents could even use him to model the appropriate behavior(put his hands together during prayer, etc.) He has several activities to keep a little one occupied for a little while. One shoe has a buckle. The other shoe has strings that can be practiced with. There's a zipper on his vest, and a button pocket. There's also a velcro pocket.  He's cute, and my 2 year old loves him. My 4 year old has even enjoyed playing with him a bit, too!
Perfect!  So cute! Perfect!
Love Woody. Perfect for my grandson  Love Woody.  Perfect for my grandson.
For the adult collector  These come ready for you to paint and add to your battletech game. For me I will construct a diorama since they are small and won't take up too much space.
Took forever to get here but is so cute!! Can't wait to give it to my grandson for Christmas.
Amazingly awesome, I bought a few to decorate around the house
loved it
We got a real one!  These are hard to find! Amazon was our seller and we got the actual licensed version. She's very cute and well made, great, huggable size (not too big, not too small)
Cutest toy.  It's such a cute plush toy. Small sized and cute. Would recommend buying it as a gift for your younger siblings. My younger one liked it s lot.
i bought this because it's washable unlike all the other Elmo's that have batteries.
Some of us have really long necks.  Love the Little Ugly Fea Bea. Besides the exquisite neck that culminates in the square face, Fea Bea has piquant pink eyes for that special color contrast. Some might say Fea Bea is oddly shaped but I think she is a towering beauty of an Ugly.
Great toy!
My nephew's loved them.
She loved it.
Cutee  I love it cx
Works Great  Works Great.  Product is as advertised.  Shipping was fast.  Works extremely well, even with my Mac.  The retractable cord could be a little longer, but that is not a serious issue.
Cool
Good quality Hello Kitty Beanie Babie  Came exactly as pictured. Good quality Hello Kitty Beanie Babie.
Love her!  I love her! As a younger Sailor Moon fan I never really thought about getting any of the merchandise because I wasn't alive when Sailor Moon first came out. But as soon as I saw her on Amazon I almost instantly knew that I was going to order her with my allowance for the month of August. And I did and I got her the day before act 5 of Sailor Moon Crystal which was Sailor Jupiter's episode. Jupiter is my absolute favorite character and I love this plushie dearly. I also got Sailor Moon from Hot Topic and they are best friends. LOL. I will be hopefully be getting Venus tonight. I recommend her for everyone including the Moonies.
Gund Boo Plush Stuffed Toy Dog  Gund Boo Plush Stuffed Toy Dog is cute and soft.  I thought that the toy is in a permanent "sitting" position, but it is not.  I purchased it for a birthday present to match with a Gund Grumpy Cat Stuffed Toy Cat that this person has.  Thank U.
TEC Fans!  So Perfect For Children Who Love TEC! Just The Right Size For Toddlers!
Very nice
Awesome .. my son loved it  That's the 2nd Tigger he has gotten .. cutest toy..
PERFECT for a Ron/Scabbers fan!  My four year old son absolutely loves Ron and Scabbers from Harry Potter. He was thrilled to open this Scabbers on Christmas! He now goes everywhere with my son.
Daughter loves this  We'll made, soft, and no parts to worry about being swallowed. All toys should be this nice. My daughter loves her Elmo, makes it read with us, sit in its own chair at dinner, and continually tells me "Elmo red". Great purchase.
It was exactly what I wanted. I had been looking for the DVD for a long time and it came with it.  Kids were very excited.
Sooo cute!  This is such an original stuffed animal.  Our one year old loves it.  I love that she probably won't run into another kid with the same toy. Good quality. Box it comes in is a nice touch.
great price and great size.  my nephew loves angry birds star wars so i got this for his birthday and he loved.there nice and big i highly recommend the 8 inch size because the 5 inch size is very small like the size of a baseball.so get the 8 inch in a frustration free package for 5 bucks.trust me its a great deal.
Adorable.  I love poodles. I love Tim Burton. I love Frankenweenie. This is a great little plush toy. I am very happy with it.
It went perfect for a diaper cake I made. So soft and cuddly
Great Gift  Great gift for any reason
If you want a chestburster, buy this, done.  I used this product as a prop for my comic con costume and it was perfect. The wire in it make it moderately poseable and after surviving two days at the convention with no harm done to it. I can also attest to its durability, although I don't know why you would need it to be THAT durable. The only mild complaint I have is the metal wire in it doesn't run all the way through.
Soft and cute.
Just what I wanted.
Super soft and great quality. This is my nephews favorite plush.
My Grandaughter loved it  fast shipping,cute product that any dora lover will love,as did my Granddaughter,good price too,got the whole lot as a birthday gift
Excellent seller, great product as described. Fast shipper!
Great size, soft and fluffy, fast shipping  Love these elephants, so soft and fluffy, Great size.
Grandsons loved this.
Very cool! Not stiff like a lot of stuffed animals I see. You can move his arms and legs however~ And those eyes are cute
My daughter love is it
Another well made Nintendo product  Soft fabric , embroidered eyes and a sheen you'd only expect from a shiny! Take home your very own Mew and help Pokemon celebrate 20 years of adventure , discovery and of course battle!  Very happy they chose to make mew for this , I mean who doesn't love 'em! It's a great product , durable fabric that doesn't pillar (though not machine washable ) and does indeed keep it's vibrant pink color over time from what I've seen. Good buy (though at what price is up to you )
he may be little...  ...but sure gives a lot of fun. small stuffed toy, not bulky but then again Olaf is not your typical snowman :) The recording really sounds like the character in the movie - "i love summer and warm hugs" does it all the time. Daughter loved it and that's all that matters.
Great toy for kids  Wonderful toy, kids love it
They have grippies at the bottom and they're pretty comfy.  Got them for a friend. She wears them all the time. They have grippies at the bottom and they're pretty comfy.
Cute and well-made  Another Manga plushie ordered for Daughter. She adores these. They are built sturdy and are very cute. Worth the money, certainly.
Great gift.  I purchased this as a gift for my sister as a surprise.  She LOVED it---and still does not know where it came from
it's a good toy  It's a good toy but be careful with bag
Cutest Jack Skellington Plush Ever  I received this as a gift from my fianc, it's in perfect condition and just so ADORABLE. I highly recommend.
3yr Old Loves It  We bought this for our 3yr old, who is obsessed with Star Wars (particularly, Empire Strikes Back) and his favorite vehicle is the AT-AT walkers.  The material is soft and cool, the printing/design is well done, and the size of the plush is perfect for travel.
Adorable, it was even bigger than expected and i love it! Sadly its not for me but i know for sure my friend will love it, honestly i was worried and frustrated because the package was running late but i was filled with joy as it finally arrived today. Ps. The little surprise i found when i opened it made all the frustration fly out a window!
Picky 10 year old says good job!  My son loves Super Mario plush figures. This is the third one he has purchased because his dog loves them too! This one came quickly and he has not found any flaws.
... month old is obsessed with this toy and very easy for her to use  My 18 month old is obsessed with this toy and very easy for her to use.
Too cute!!
Item is exactly as described, took a while to get here but worth it
he loved it.  For my niece's boy, he loved it.
Looks great on my dresser  Big fan of the doll. Looks great on my dresser.
Grand son love him
Happy Grandson!  Our grandson was elated with this gift. He is five years old and it was a Christmas gift. I was very pleased with this product.
cute!  Bought for my daughter...she loves it!!
Best Totoro ever!  My girldfriend and I will quote this again: "Best plush doll ever!"
grandson loves it
Good quality.  Expensive.
Very large. My son loves it.  Very large.  My son loves it.
I think it's great for a boy who  My local W..M..... Store has these for 20 bucks!!  I think it's great for a boy who.loves Bb8!
Good motor skill toy  It has all types of buckles that my grandson uses everyday.
Great activity for a traveling  toddler
Great
Perfect with my son!!  Excellent TOY!!! I love it too, I need one more for me, this is perfect to sleep!!! Thank's guys good design
My grandson loved it.
My son loves this toy. Exactly what he wanted!
Over the Moon Cuteness!  Let's face it: Kirby is beyond adorable, so adding a chef's hat on him and have him holding a frying pan takes his cuteness over the moon! He really is a perfect little buddy for any fan, young or old.
More than Super  Such quality and looks just like Kyle ..... amazing size and texture .  What a Great addition to have around the house. He's like having another dog .
my nephew loved  hard to find character, my nephew loved it
Cute!
This is the second Princess Daisy plush I have had to buy,  My son love Mario Brothers and collects the plushes and treats them as if they are real, we recently lost Daisy and Baby Mario.  This arrived and I couldn't be more pleased, he doesn't even know the difference (I just told him she got a bath)
23 month old LOVES it!  Our 23 month old LOVES this toy!!!  The buckle colors are coordinated so she can figure match up the halves easily. A great size for her to handle. It is really, really well made, too.
My daughter was very happy with this  My daughter was very happy with this. Of course I'm still trying to figure out the characters, lol. She was happy and that's all that matters.
Super soft and adorable. Definitely buying from this company again.
Cute little dog  Got this as a gift for my daughter she loved it ! Not to small either perfect size . Every little girl would love this pup.
LOVE THEM!!  I bought these for my niece and nephew for Christmas and they love them!!  They are really soft and well made.  They are standing up to what these 2 year old twins are putting them through.  This was a great buy.
Sweet and Huggable  Well constructed, soft and huggable choice for a Buddhist young child
Super cute  Bigger than I expected, so cute and my son loves it. Great value.
Great for the aspiring kid pilot...or the kid in all of us.  SO DAMN CUTE!!!
Perfect plush for my favorite Pokemon!  Mega Gengar arrived super quickly! He was ordered on Monday and got him on Friday! I also really like that I could view the tracking of where the package was with the email I recieved. He is such a soft plushie, and compared to ither Pokemon stuffed animals he is so much more sturdy! He looks like his stitching will hold up a long time, and I love his size! Much bigger than my other ones. Totally perfect! Price was great, everything was great. I will buy frim this seller again! Adding photos for anyone who wants to see the lovely details!
SUPER CUTE! It was a great gift for my little sis!
Adorable enemy  this bulblorb is adorable it is made of great material, and even hollow so you can watch as the pikmin get stuffed in side and digested... so anyway this will be a great addition to your video game or not video game stuffed animal collection (or whatever you call it)
Exactly what we expected :)
Great product!  This is so cute and my granddaughter loves it.
Very cute!  I bought this item for my baby as the theme for her nursery is owls and trees. It is very cute and well made. I do have to say I think I like it more than my baby though.
my son's girl friend loves it
Easy to use, lightweight & portable and it does the job well  I chose and ordered this unit to replace the cool looking but non usable 3M MPRO110 PICO Micro projector. I deliberated at length over the Toshiba TDP-SP1U, the ViewSonic PJ513DB and also considered the InFocus X6 projector, which are currently priced around $400-$430. I used [...] do research and compare the specifications and get additional reviews. The InFocus X6 unit was comparable but is now out of production. So I focused on the Toshiba TDP-SP1U and the ViewSonic PJ513DB both units still shipping. Their specs were almost identical and their user reviews were both excellent. In the end the inclusion of a projector carry case and support for SDTV/480i made up for the approx $30 difference, that being at least one extra accessory I need to go out and look for. Both units have a remote control and both have digital zoom capability, neither of these features is evident when reading about the specs of the Toshiba but it has them. What I really like about the Toshiba TDP-SP1U Projector is the ability to do Keystone adjustments for quick and easy picture corrections on the display screen. The ViewSonic PJ513DB has a three year warranty over two years for the Toshiba TDP-SP1U and that was also a consideration but in the end I chose the Toshiba and I am extremely pleased with my choice of this projector. It is lightweight at 4.5lbs, the display is bright at 2200 Lumens, the picture is crisp at a max 1280 x 1024 (SXGA) resolution, has well rounded connectivity options. Sure I'd really like a digital DVI connector option too but I can't justify paying an additional $1200 or more just for that or any higher resolution capability. The Toshiba TDP-SP1U Projector display capabilities should meet or exceed the portable needs of most users. Quite outstanding, especially given the high prices associated with most portable projectors.
GE (Great Eastern) is GREAT!!!  These are best small plush dolls. Well made, nice details, clean stitching. I go high and low to ensure the item is GE or nothing else.
My grandson loved it! well made and as described  My grandson loved it!  well made and as described.
So cute!  So adorable and very realistic. Really happy with my purchase.
Her new favorite  This is well made and is the right size.  The price is reasonable given the quality and feel of the material.  My three year old is happy so I am happy.
Whoa very cute... Mellow mushroom
Great plushy  Perfect!
Just like the "real" thing!  Looks just like the real thing!  Very nice!
Thank you!  I love my charmander! He's so cute!
Nice!  Well made, and so very soft! Glad to see products from New Leaf of such high quality and fine detail!
FAST DELIVERY!!!!!  7 days before delivery date, always a plus in my book..Some extras in the box too. Perfect condition, my wife LOVES him.. Thank you.
Swell!
Just what my son wanted!  My son loved this! It came quickly and the price was great! These were $90 at Christmas time. Very pleased
3 year old nephew loves it  Its the perfect size for my 3 year old nephew. He can be rough with it or he can just carry it around.
Great plush toy. Happy I ordered it.  My son's new favorite plush toy. Perfect for hugging/cuddling in bed. The stuffing is pretty good. I was a little worried about the quality of stuffing since the advertised image has 'wrinkles' on the fabric, but it's stuffed pretty well. We also ordered the humpback whale for my other son. Both good quality, good price, and loved.
Good
An American made heavy  This saw is a beast.  I mean, it is heavy.  I like this model over some of the other varieties of high tension frames because the pins that hold the blade on go THROUGH the frame (rather than just protrude from it).  My fear is that the pins are going to pop out of the other variety.  Even if you lost the pins or they sheared- they would be easy to replace.  Also this is one of the very very few hacksaws MADE in the USA.
Worth it!  Our 23 month old loved this toy! She's been very into buckles lately (like car seats and bouncy chairs), so we ordered this to keep her busy on a long car ride. She would buckle them all, and I would unbuckle them. Then we'd play again. I'd say we did this for a good 1-2 hours each way on our trip. This will also make a great restaurant toy for us, something to keep her busy while waiting for food - or anywhere else we may have to wait a while. Even though this toy wasn't a prime item, it arrived pretty quickly.
Nice looking Kyle plush  Looks as pictured. No holes or tears. Feet have a stiff (cardboard?) base so Kyle can stand upright.
cute and cuddly cultist companion...  Adorable little deity of destruction. Highly recommended to get the babes indoctrinated early.
21 month Toddler Loves This!!  My 21 month grandson LOVES this toy!!  Perfect for in the car or at home!  I highly recommend this toy for toddlers building on their small motor skills.
Funny and cute  Ha ha. He's super cute and well made. He's gonna make someone very happy this holiday!!
Came as described, its so cute!!!
Old Favorite Still The Best  The absolute Favorite toy for my great grandchildren - had to buy two because as young as they were they both wanted it at the same time! They absolutely LOVE it.
I am happy with my purchased  I am happy with my purchased.  My daughter's best friend really like this Peppa Pig. During her birthday this Peppa pig is one of her favorite present.
Soft and adorable  So soft and durable! Cheaper to buy online than in stores and so cute!
This doll is beautiful
They both love it and it is very good quality  This toy is holding up very well even with my 6 and 2 year olds fighting over it.  They both love it and it is very good quality.
Haven't opened this one yet its for Christmas...BUT the others i have bought have been a prefect gift.
Absolutely adorable!  Goes with my ciel cow :D It  is really crafty and was worth the money! I highly reccomend this for anyone!
It's adorable!  It was exactly what my daughter wanted. It's adorable!
Best stuffed animal, ever!!  I am a grown woman and I adore this alligator stuffed animal. Seriously, I sleep with it every night. It is too cute for words. I bought it for my son (who doesn't like stuffed animals) and when he showed no interest I was happy to adopt it as my own. I wish it were a little bigger since I am using it to cuddle with, but for a child the size is perfect. Definitely one of the cutest and cuddliest stuffed animals I have ever had the pleasure of touching. I bought a few extras to have on hand for gifts as well!
For any Pokemon or Pikachu lover  This is SO CUTE!! It's soft and cuddly.
Amazing  I bought this as a gift for my fiance. It arrived early. It is large and anatomically accurate. I wish they made all the pokemon. It is very well made and will be enjoyed for many years.
Great Toy!  My two year old twin girls LOVE this toy! They can't unbuckle the buckles, which is good I don't want them learning to get out of their seats too soon! However, they love matching the color straps and snapping the buckles together. It helps them with fine motor skills, learning colors and stamina for a single activity. The size is perfect for little toddler hands!
Moogle   I finally got this Moogle plush, and I'm in love. It's going to fit awesomely with my FFXV Prompto cosplay :3
England plush  I love this plushy! He is so adorable and lovable! I own an America plush, but I couldn't have America without England, so I got this little guy! I recommend to any Hetalia or England fan.
Very soft and cuddly Pluto!  So soft and cuddly. My 5 year old won't go to bed without it since he got it. It's a good size too.
Nice.
I
Very nice  Well made.
So cute and I love it!  I got this as a gift for my boyfriend, whose favorite childhood movie is Finding Nemo. The plush looks exactly like the picture and it's so soft and cute! Great quality and totally adorable! I highly suggest this product if you are looking for a Nemo plush :)
Love!  Super cute! Very soft! My girls are going to love these.
Awesome  It's huge! !! I love it!!! My son hopefully will be as excited as I was when I opened the box on his first birthday.:-) great price
good item and arrived in time or before
My 2 and 3 year old LOVE these toys.
Amazing! Well Worth the money!  Amazing! It was just as expected, and even better. It was bigger than I though, came early, and is perfect for cuddling. It was a bit pricy, but it was well worth it. It can stand on it's own, and the fur is a real black, rather than a grey. I love the product and I would buy it again!
Bought as a gift.
Very realistic my son loves it.
My Grandson Love it! Thanks!
Exactly as it looks, small and cute.  Exactly what I was expecting. Its small and cute, but not that small. Perfect little companion for a fangirl. My daughter loves it.
excelente
cute gift for little girl
Adorable  Adorable and bigger than expected. Good Disney quality - not a knock off.
Great Purchase!  This stuffed Pokemon toy made my kid's day. The body is pose-able in segments and looks and feels good. Really brings Rayquaza to life, lots of fun. He keeps it posed on his dresser in different stances when he's not playing with it and it makes a great decoration. It was a great deal, a good value for the price, same quality as many much more expensive items.
cute  My son loves this goomba so much!! Having this character is real  fun to play with other supermario characters. Well maden plush.
Love this lunch tote bag  Love this lunch tote bag!  Heavy duty and the perfect size.  I can fit 3 drinks (cans), small tupperware container, and baggies of snacks.
Great product!  This Kirby was just what we hoped it would be - big and soft. Great size - my boys love it!
Very cute! Faster shipping that quoted! Thank you!!
Adding this to a wreath for my nieces daughter.
Great Christmas Presents  Got both my nieces (ages 3 and 5) one of these dolls for Christmas. They loved them and wouldn't put them down for the whole day.
But how come we all have died at the same time?  Shut up! Shut up, you American. You always talk, you Americans, you talk and you talk and say 'Let me tell you something' and 'I just wanna say this.' Well, you're dead now, so shut up.
Ludwig Von Koopa  My grandson is fascinated with all the Mario plushes.  He received several for Christmas and asked for Ludwig for his birthday. He is very well put together and colors are awesome.
So cute!  Super cute and bouncy, great quality. Awesome price!
Grand-baby loved it!!!
Best stuffed sloth I have ever seen.  It is awesome
Perfect size, very plush and soft.
Excellent  My 4 year old grand niece loves her!
Lives up to Calphalon reputation!  This item was added to my set - absolutely adore this line of cookware!
Breat, gighly recommend  Breat, gighly recommend
Posable Fawkes - Phoenix plush...  Posable Fawkes the Phoenix - I just got him in lightning fast speed today & built a wood and PVC perch for him to stand on and keep watch over my Halloween table and decorations. He's absolutely GORGEOUS and would be my new best snuggle friend if I was a child! Silky soffft as can be! The DETAIL in the EYES is just stunning!  Tho he is somewhat pose-able - his feet are  huge, so I had to basically WIRE them onto the perch I made for him in wood and 1" ID PVC pipe and fittings to keep him upright and secured. Short and sweet - If you're looking for a terrific value in a gorgeous Fawkes - Look nowhere else and BUY him!!! You won't be disappointed! Man - Those EYES just look straight at you even from across the room!
Bob the Bldr  I bought this for a two  year old that loves Bob the Builder. he carries it everywhere he goes and even sleeps with it. If he is still A big Bob the builder fan at Christmas time we will get him the big one
Perfect as described. Loved the colors, pattern and design!
So cute and softer toys
PERFECT  I absolutely love it, it looks just like the picture in every way possible and I can't stop looking at it :3  If you're thinking about getting it, GET IT and stop thinking about it X3
Awesome!
Plush Toy  Very nice plush toy.  My 8 year old son loves it!
loved the movie  After seeing the movie, I had to have all of the accompanying items.
adorable and well made  love these and my cat was able to remove all of them a few times.
Adorable, quality and can't wait to personalize it once baby is born!
... plush toy I bought for my grand daughter are perfect. She loves them  The plush toy I bought for my grand daughter are perfect. She loves them, hardly ever puts them down.
Great quality!
Cute  Small, be sure to check the dimensions, but very cute. Its antennae move around and it's so huggable. Would buy again.
So cute perfect!
Excellent.
Very worth the price.
This special edition is a great buy.  Very cute and a high quality made doll. Made for collecting and not a toy or some ones teddy bear .This special edition is a great buy.
Quality item  Item is good quality and fast delivery.
Worth the money  This is a great gift, especially for the pokemon lovers. I was expecting this to be out of stock, but it wasn't! I got Suicune the day I ordered, and am more than satisfied. This toy is obviously made to last long, and is actually quite comfortable. It's a little bit big to hold, but it's the best. Obviously the toy isn't meant for educational purposes. The Durability is amazing. This toy can take a few stains and you can easily use stain removing spray to get rid of it. No worries for kids who play rough.
The cutest little toy
Good quality  Right size, good quality for Pokmon fan.
Awesome  Charmander is very well made and not a stitch out of place, he is very soft and plush. The size is just right for either a toy or to put into a collection. Great buy!
Great product  I bought this for Christmas for my Granddaughter and she loved it.
Adorable!!!  I ordered two Kojo's and also the Lion.  I sent one to my Nephew in the Hospital, he is fighting Cancer.  He loves it!! Kojo's is extra soft and when he's cold he can pull out the blanket!  I also sent one to his brother and gave one to my best friends son.  Love this gift!!!
this was awesome my daughter went crazy with joy when she received this in the mail she loves hank. Its the perfect size the 6" is just too small this on is great she sleeps with it and takes it everywhere. this has held up and is great quality.
My son was happy with foxy fox
Thank you the item arrived sooner my daughter love it
Great really loved it
great
Cute for my keyfob.  So cute and nicely made.
Great stuffed animals fir grandchildren. Very cuddly.
Cuddle perfect!  I bought this for my grand daughter. She is in love with it. She cuddles it all the time. It is soft and perfect for little ones to cuddle.
This is such a cool toy.
good price  he is nice and we like it and not a bad price he is super cute
Girlfriend loved it.
Super cute!  Was surprised at the size. Super cute !!!
Wonderful stuffed animal. My 10 month old loves it.
He was so happy to receive it for his birthday  My grandson has been wanting this for a year. He was so happy to receive it for his birthday.
Much cuter in real life than in the picture  Cute Lorax. My five year old daughter loves it, and she enjoyed celebrating Dr. Seuss Day with the little guy.
Love it!  Love it!
love it  omg it brought back childhood memories. I got it for my son his only 7month and everything El chavo start talking he starts laughing. I give wo thumbs up. the shipping was on point
love zombie plush toys  Grandson enjoying all of his zombie plush toys.  Delivery was quicker than expected.
Love him size is great looks a lot like I thought he would!
Love It  I love Star Wars and R2D2 is my favorite so I love this.  Enough said.
Perfect for my department! Helps to keep the meetings organized and be sure nothing is overbooked.
Cool dude  My 8 year old grandson couldn't wait to look this character up in his Pokmon guide book. He thinks Umbreon is cool!
is what they offered, excellent
... a 9 year old who loves stuffed animals and liked having one that matched a book about a platypus  Gift for a 9 year old who loves stuffed animals and liked having one that matched a book about a platypus.
Plush Toy  I love my giant thrombocyte! The toy is soft and fits perfectly on my bulletin board. I was very pleased to find that Amazon carries these.
He absolutely loved this toy  Bought this for my son because he likes buckles. He absolutely loved this toy! It was a great find and buy.
It wasn't exactly like the one i was looking for but my granddaughter loves it. The thank you note that came with it was awesome. Will definitely order from here again. The package was delivered when scheduled
Who doesn't love Chewy!?!?  My favorite of the plush birds, and a great toy for my son.  The only thing that would be better is if he had the wookie howl!
Super fast shipping - product exactly as expected!
love it sooooo cute!!!!!!! thank-you excellent shipping  regards cathy
Good quality  My son loves this
Loved the product  Exceeded expectations! Loved the product!
its as big as her and super fluffy.  My kis is attached to this thing! its as big as her and super fluffy.
Even better than i guessed.  My son absolutely loved this. It was so cute and little he has all three sizes now.
My daughter loves it!!!!  My daughter had been running around pretending to be Repunzel for a few weeks. She would pretend to have Pascal on her shoulder, I was excited to find a stuffed Pascal that she could play with. She was so excited and she loved it. The size was perfect. It is made very well.
Perfect size to  Daughter is always playing with it. Perfect size to!
Beautiful  My daughter love Kirby so I bought a few characters and a few Kirbyes the quality is amazing the attention of details wow. they look bigger in person. Will buy from them again and must recomend!
disney  I bought my older grand-daughter, Sven the Reindeer.  So I purchased Olaf for my youngest one.  She made a snow-man in the yard as a likeness of Olaf.  This was before Christmas, so the purchase was a no-brainer..  Santa wins again, gratifying to see the munchkins revved up about a gift.  Worth the money.
My kid loved
Received the toys as promised...
Used for baby room. So cute on wall. We put a mounted plaque behind it (and stained it). The plague was a must for a finished look.
the material is soft and they are a good size.  Well made...the material is soft and they are a good size...got this for my daughter and I don't regret it one bit...she lives them...great buy
Nice size. My granddaughter takes it everywhere with her  Nice size.  My granddaughter takes it everywhere with her.  She just loves it.
Happy baby, happy momma!  Good quality, good size.
Absolutely perfect condition and packaged securely  Absolutely perfect condition and packaged securely. I bought this for my roommate for her birthday and she absolutely loves it. It's so soft and plushy, you can't help but cuddle!!!
Underground Toys BB8 Talking Plush  BB8 "Talking" Plush. Got this as a present for my niece. Cute and it beeps like BB8
Cute Minions!  Very cute gift for my Grand daughter....she loved them!
Arrived in pristine condition  Loved it!  Goby was still wrapped in plastic which only made me love him more.
loved all of them  loved all of them! they are in great condition, and so cute! love sailor moon merchandise. has a string sewn to it so you can hang it on the wall, which is nifty, or on your christmas tree.
Cute...  Just love this little guy
Angry bird plushes  I got a set of 4 angry bird star wars plushes for my nephew. He loves the regular birds so I decided to try to get him into Star Wars as well. He thinks they are amazing
A+++++++++++ Excellent Item
Peluche de buena calidad  Lindo y de buena calidad
Our Little One loves them
I love love love her and I love her color she is so pretty and cute!
Loved! Great for our three year old girl  Loved!  Great for our three year old girl!  Would recommend for the Peppa Pig lover!
Love it!  The product came earlier than estimated date! I was so excited when it arrived! It was great packaging. And if it's a gift, they don't put the receipt in there so you could just wrap the box and give it to the person! It's extremely soft and great for pokemon lovers! For Christmas, I'm going to buy the Pikachu one! It's perfect. You should definitely buy it!
fun pack for a party favors!
Perfect for Kiki Cosplay  So cute!
Perfect Sleeping Toy  My son absolutely LOVES this glowworm.  He have a pink one and I wanted him to have a blue one when he starts preschool next week.  He is so excited that now he has two!
Great price, came just in time for my sons 3rd birthday! I love the show for how much it's taught my son already. He can could to 22 and recognize SO many shapes and colours! All from Team Umizoomi's help!
Team Umizoomi!  It was nice to only pay $19.99 for a spectacular new toy! These toys are next to impossible to get a hold of and this retailer didn't price gouge, and the toy was new with tags! Extremely happy 
awesome! cute and cuddle and big
Love it
Nice  Bought this for my friend and she loved it!
plush ....realistic colors  Nephew loved it....all that was advertised
one with personality and stories to enjoy over and over again  Now my granddaughter has her very own Boston Terrier, one with personality and stories to enjoy over and over again.
I bought this for my 2 year old nephew for his birthday and it was the BIGGEST hit at his party. Despite having received a ton of really expensive gifts, this adorable Olaf was the one toy that he couldn't put down. About a month later and he still carries it everywhere. I didn't realize how big and soft it was going to be. Beyond happy with this purchase!
he ended up being black just as stated........some reviews said they got gray
I loved it!  I loved it!! It fit me perfect and adjustable. The only small issue is that the full comes off here and there but I really don't mind as long as you know how to take care of  it !
It works!  Ye, it's a battery. Charge it up and it's good-to-go! Amazon had the best price and got it in my hands super-fast! Awesome!
Super cute  Cute. Goes great with the books
Late but great!  Came after promised delivery date, BUT it's great quality and very cute exactly how it's shown.
Perfect gift for my little dragon trainer!!  Very cute - and well made.
This was a gift
Great Plush, Great Size  The size and colors are great, my 7yr old son adores this plush. I do wish it had a nicer softer material but it is definitely worth the price.
Arrived fast and as described.
Toy Story Plush Woody  I purchased this for my grandson, 20 months, who has just discovered the characters of Toy Story and is fascinated by them.
Great for the kid.
I love this thing.
This is my jam right here.  Absol-utely perfect! In every way.
Adorable  One of the cutest softest stuffed animals I've ever purchased. It looked adorable on tip of the shower gift and everyone commented how adorable it was. I would definitely purchase again.
Perfect!  I purchased this for a fox-loving friend, who loved it. I had no idea this obscure little fox would be available as a stuffed toy...I found several pictured on Amazon, but this one was the cutest. And the price was very reasonable. Couldn't be happier.
cute clown  cute little clown. It is small but has good details. a good item for toy story collectors. I think my daughter will like it.
I am using the 2014 Lang American Cat monthly pocket planner and it works perfectly for me. It's not too big or small and as it slides in the sleeve holder I can carry it in my handbag without worry of the pages being damaged. The art work is spot on. As soon as I saw the 2015 available I bought it, ready for another enjoyable year.
My son loves video games and plushes so he asked me to purchase this for him.  He loves it.
Perfect and arrived on time  Arrived right when it was supposed to and no problems
Well made! And uniq! My son loves his collection of luigi/ mario toys
Toothless love...  My DD of 4 loved this. She watches How to Train Your Dragon every night before bed and when I found this Toothless plush for her I was so excited. It's a great size (bigger than I expected!) and it's nice and soft. The wings are wired so you can bend them however you want.
This is very good quality. The hair is very soft  This is very good quality. The hair is very soft. My 3 year old loves it. It is super soft and shimmery.
My nephew loves it!
Great gift for your Veterinarian!!  I got this, as well as the Giardia one for my Veterinarian. He loved it!!
Well proportioned, colors vibrant and as pictured. It was easy to set up and we had in hanging in minutes. Nice fall decoration for our home.
Great gift for new baby  These Cuttle barn animals are so cute and so unique. They make wonderful gifts and are always appreciated.
Nice little koala bear  great...this is just the cutest koala bear ever.  Nice and soft and cuddly and my daughter just loves it and he is just the right size......not too big and not too small. Good seller and we will be back.  great purchase.
Bender the Robot  My grandson loves Futurama, so now he uses characters to "talk" with each other. Great toy for him to help with speech issues. Just wished product wasn't so gouging expensive.
beautiful!!!
My favorite pokemon in hat form, defiantly worth it guys ^^
Looks amazing Exaclley what we where looking for our baby Thanks  Looks amazing Exaclley what we where looking for our baby Thanks
FINALLY!! It's perfect  Yes!!! I have been waiting for this exact pony to be spot on, and it IS!! Just like I'd hoped! Just like the show. Spot on. Perfect!! Obsessed already.
Mickey Mouse  This Mickey is so adorable, soft and cuddly. It's also authentic and has the Disney Store Seal on the foot...love it and can't wait to give it to my son...thank u
A unique plush  Great quality
Love it.
My kids will love it.  The stuffy is exactly what I expected, and arrived quickly.  My kids will love it.
Soft, cute, and cuddely  what can I say, its being used to replace my rottie that fell apart, sort of a huggie pillow.  Soft,
great
Super Soft & Cuddly Pup!  Bought as a gift for my almost 2 year old daughter. She is in love with this pup! Super soft and just the right size, not too small. Great brand, great quality!
Good.
My girlfriend love it
Perfect choice  My son was excited to get this new dino.
I like it, it's great.
Sonic the Hedgehog Cream Plush  We ordered this plushie for our 8 yr. old who's currently collecting all the Sonic character plushies. We had no problems with our order. Shipping was fast...received it within 4 days. The description of the plushie's accurate...it's about 8 inches tall (not very big). The quality of the plushie seems ok...we'll see how long it lasts. The plushie came in a clear, plastic bag with a tag on it. The price for this plushie's acceptable. We paid about $13-$14 for Tails at a store in the mall. eKnight media included their business card with our order which was nice, professional. Our child is very happy with this plushie...loves it. We will probably order from this company/seller again...especially if they have more Sonic plushies our child doesn't already have.
This will be a Christmas present for my daughter and she loves FairyTale.  She has a set of Zodiac keys and Lucy's key holder case to put some of them in.
Best Purchase!  Bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend, he absolutely loves it, very good quality and was a while set so cheaper to purchase as a group!
Bought this for a friend and she really loved it and still uses it to this day.
These beanies are the cutest little things with the beautiful big eyes  My daughter lost her wishful and for months cried about it. I was so excited to find it on Amazon and make her day so bright. These beanies are the cutest little things with the beautiful big eyes! Perfect gift for anyone
cute  my daughter loves dora and loved her doll. She runs around keeping it in her Dora backpack along with the other ty Dora characters
lalalalalalalalalalove it...bulldog isn't too sure though hahahaha
Worth the money to see them smile.  I got I love you uncle from my niece. Worth every penny.
Love  Love it
Best Comic Con Purchase This Year!  I bought a Marshfellow at New York Comic Con and haven't let go of it since! It's stayed really soft and everyone who sees it wants one. I may have to order another one because my dog is obsessed!
Worth it!  Adorable, cute, love everything about it. Got this for my little sister for Christmas so if I'm happy with the product she's going to LOVE it. Will purchase more from the series soon 
Kid loves it
Girlfriend loved her gift
Children instantly love these!  Something endearing about the way the bunny's paws are in the air, imploring to be held. Bought one in pink and one in tan for my 5 year old daughter and 2 year old son; they both loved the bunnies and played with them as soon as we left the store. Perfect size for our trip to Alaska and the kids play with them all the time.  My son lost his in a parking garage and I need to get a replacement.
Perfect toy for a curious toddler  My daughter absolutely loves these toys!! Perfect toy for a curious toddler!
Perfect,  looks just like the picture  These are very nice, size is good and price is great.  My son ADORES everything plants vs. Zombies.  Would buy again and received about 12 days before expected
Kids F*ckin Love this Frozen S*it!
this is just perfect.  My 5 year old loves it and sleeps with it by his side every night :) I knew I have to get a plush toy space shuttle, as the other ones all have pointy parts that hurt the kids at some point or I go on them middle of the night! this is just perfect.
Grandson loved it.
good quality and one of his  my 8 year old was speechless when he got this. good quality and one of his favorites
EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED, ENJOYABLE!!!  WONDERFUL!!!!
Awesome!!!  GREAT product!!! Very fast delivery and my Gf is a HUGE Frozen and an even bigger Olaf fan. She LOVES it!!
Simply love Cavallini calendars!
so adorable
Love this lil guy.  These are adorable.
Really great purchase!
I love it!  This is the perfect size to put in my purse and hold my chapstick and tissues (: totally adorable and well worth it.
Nice plush and very well made.
So happy  This is one of the best toys we have gotten!  My daughter has played with it for a whole year.  It is great for car/plane rides or just hanging out around the house.  Helps with fine motor skills and is just all around a good toy!
This could be the best looking lion plush I have ever seen or felt  This could be the best looking lion plush I have ever seen or felt. He is very well made, which is what I expect from Nat and Jules. They make very lifelike animals and use good materials.
Great gift  My little girl loves unicorns and her favorite color is purple.  She loves it and it has held up to little kid abuse very well.
Love this little guy  I love this little guy! I bought him for a couples costume, I was Ripley and my boyfriend was a chest burster victim. We curled the tail around his chest and has the body bursting through his shirt. Next time I think we'll use ace bandage to secure it, cuz without it the chest burster would gradually burst more and more out of his shirt. I have it as a prop in my living room now, the bendable tail is perfect for wrapping around a scented candle!
sully  what can you say, sully is everyones favorite monster and we love this guy when you shake him he does 3 different things for each shake.
good product!  Our son was so excited to receive this on Christmas morning!  He plays with it everyday..good product!!!
Perfect..  Perfect coloring, nice size and great quality toy plush.  My wife loves it!
Grandson loves it.
Child gift she loved it.
This was part of an Easter gift for my granddaughter.  She turned one this past March.  She loved the stuffed Peter Rabbit paired with the Peter Rabbit jack in the box.
So cute!  I love this! It is so cute and absolutley adorable! my little sister definetly loved this!
He made my diaper cake perfect!  This was perfect for my pirate ship diaper cake. He was a hit!!!
The Cutest Llama!  This little Llama is the cutest and just the right size to go along with a Llama storybook!
Great condition! I over paid but my own fault for not researching better:(
Great pricing!  Collect these!  Great pricing!
excellent as described well worth the money
Such a hit with my nephew!  Soft and cuddly!
Great  The granddaughter loved this doll. Cute, snuggly, and fun to play with. Cleans up easily after the slobber bath. Your child should love this.
He love Barney!  I bought this toy for my grandson. He loves it. He loves to sing with it. It's a cute toy. I thought it was bigger though. But it's still cute.
Perfect gift for Godzilla fan  My nephew (5) recently became enthralled by Godzilla, so I found him this Godzilla plush animal (via an Amazon seller, since the toy is apparently not being produced commercially at this time; it is scheduled to be back in shops in 2012 for the release of the upcoming Godzilla remake, apparently).  It was an absolutely perfect Xmas gift -- my nephew carried him everywhere for the remainder of the holiday period.  The toy is well-done, as it has scary teeth and doesn't try to make the 'zilla "cute," yet it is soft and cuddly enough to be a kid's favorite sleep toy.
Great quality. Everything i was expecting
So adorable!!!
Ahhh--peace!  The apartment above mine is leased by a music school to house music students. My apartment is also adjacent to the Jacuzzi. I attached the Jensen JW-120 wireless system to my TV and replaced the earbuds with Sony MDR-EX70LP earbuds. The JW-120 pictured does not look like mine--and mine is a JW-120. The JW-120 that I have works just as advertised. When the Sony earbuds are inserted quite snugly, they work as well as earplugs to block out extraneous noise.
Carry in alcohol and no one suspects!
Exactly what was described thanks
Remembering the good 'ol days of Gund  I love this stuffy. It harkens back to the days when Gund stuffed toys was King. Skip Hop has a winner here with their Nursery Plush Toy line with emphasis on PLUSH.  Dimensions: 5.5" Length x 8.5" Width x 11" Height.  For a baby and toddler, this is a perfect size to be their pal to hold and hug. It's definitely lightweight for adult standards and highly compressible so there is no issue bringing this around in the car or on trips to pack in suitcases or even sneak into diaper bags.  There is a mix of colors from pastel, Earth tone, and bright patches here and there. The resulting combination is one classy stuff toy you and your baby won't mind showing off.  And don't worry about your baby dropping it on the floor every now and then as the toy is WASHABLE. Everything is sewn in so there are no buttons to chew on and accidentally swallow. The hair fibers are short so there are no irritating sneezing as a result.  Some parts I can see have various density so your baby can chew on the ears and tail parts.  I made the right choice with the Giraffe version of their plush toy as it looks like the most elegant and versatile to bring around with the friendly dimensions.  It fits right alongside our other Skip Hop items.  Also of note is that Skip Hop claims this fits right alongside their bedding collection. In this case, their Giraffe Safari bedding. Looking at it I'd say the perfect match is their Crib Mobile, but the actual bedding has a bit more mature illustration. Overall though the colors do match, but I wish even the Giraffe illustrations are the same.  Overall, this stuff toy alone is a perfect purchase for your baby or as a gift that you won't be ashamed of giving.
Adorable! No issues with delivery and package was perfect!
Scored mom points!  My son loved it!  They are exactly as described, very good quality.
This bird thrives in Michigan winters. This bird is a sort of a stuffed pet.  Nice toy for adults. Not approved for children. Actual bird recordings when squeezed. Looks like pictures I,ve taken of this bird at the bird feeder. Tho, my favorite are the raptors in this series. Educational, but I think a young child would find it hard to resist playing and gumming to taste it.
Nice plush figures  These little guys were perfect for my someone who is really into Beauty and the Beast right now. He really likes the Beast and when we saw these I thought they were perfect for him. I seem to be made really well and will hold up over time. They look nice and are exactly as they were described in the description. Overall I'm happy with this product.
Great baby toy  My grandchildren have loved this little "Glowie" (per my granddaughter). Have a new grandbaby coming so this will be great.
My kids love these. So cute!
... gift for a Trolls enthusiast and they were not disappointed!  We purchased this as a gift for a Trolls enthusiast and they were not disappointed!
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them.  They're really cute and warm,  and he wants to wear them all the time. Took quite a while to arrive,  but I think that's just the nature of international shipping.
I'm Batman  Love Batman
Love this plush!  Super cute. Great product and fast delivery.
My 5 year old loves this Ariel. I thought she would be a little old for it, but it's a favorite. I like that Ariel doesn't have real hair to get tangled and messed up. She's held up well the past couple of months.
THE ONE AT WALMART WAS VERY CARTOONEY AND THIS ONE LOOKS MORE NATURAL AND MUCH MORE LIKE A SLOTH  MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES SLOTHS, SHE SAW A STUFFED SLOTH AT WALMART AND WANTED IT FOR VALENTINE'S DAY.  I LOOKED ON AMAZON AND FOUND THIS ONE FOR THE SAME PRICE.  THE ONE AT WALMART WAS VERY CARTOONEY AND THIS ONE LOOKS MORE NATURAL AND MUCH MORE LIKE A SLOTH.  SHE LOVED IT.
Great price my daughter lives it  great price just what my daughter wanted will order from this company again 
product as shown
Minecraft Dragon  Even nicer than pictured. It's great quality.
Perfect size!  Absolutely soft and cuddly.... perfect size for little hands. My 2year old granddaughter hardly lets it out of her sight!
This is adorable!!! Gift for my 2yr old granddaughter. She will love this snuggly monkey!!
Our five-year-old grandson, who is crazy about Angry Birds and Star Wars, loves this.
Great Quality Luna  My daughter loves her. Very high quality. Beats anything found at the cons. Luna complimented my daughter's Sailor Moon outfit perfectly.
Exactly what was needed  I bought this for my four-month-old baby niece, and so far it's been a big hit. She loves "Miss Violet" and always smiles when we hand her to her. The doll's very soft and well-made, and just big enough for my niece to hold and swing around a bit without being overwhelmed. I'm also glad I could get a doll like this with darker hair since my niece is a little brunette. And the purple outfit is a relief from the endless sea of pink you usually get with little girl products.
so soft and true to size  My 20 month old loves Stitch. This stuffed animal is the size I think Stitch actually would be! He's super cute and super soft! She totes him around everywhere she goes!
My niece loved it!  It's high quality. Worth it!
very cute
exactly as shown in image
My grand daughter loves it.  The colors are great and the size perfect.  She is one and it is perfect for her.
Button eyes and working minion code  It's adorable!  This little guy will help protect you from monsters in your way, and he does it with cute button eyes!  The code worked for the heliodor carbuncle minion, so if you're like me and that's the biggest reason you want this, it's the real deal.
So Cute!  This little goat is SO CUTE. It is soft and cuddly. Excellent plush animal. It had no odor coming out of the package.
Great product. My daughters favorite Pokemon and a great surprise for Christmas. She loves it and extra special since it isn't found in stores.
These are adorable - my daughter has 10 different disney characters.
my 2 yr. old granddaughter LOVES Daniel Tiger ,she sleeps with it every night
My son's favorite toy  I was hesitant to spend $20 on this toy, but my 2 year old is a huge Toy Story fan. After going through several broken plastic Woody dolls, I decided to get this one and it was well worth the money. Woody is oversized and in fact is almost as big as my son. We take Woody everywhere: to the park, to bed, at naps, and even in the bath. Woody is washable and durable. A "must have" for any toddler who loves Toy Story.
They are adorable, well made  Bought these for my 7 yr old as an Easter gift. They are adorable,well made,kind of small,but perfect if making a gift basket.
Just as pictured very good quality!
Got this for my small dog, she LOVES It, very funny to watch her play with it as if she walks past it and it moves it will giggle and get her attention. Our cat is also a huge fan of this and loves to steal it from the dog and have hours of play. I know it is a baby toy and if we had a baby it would be an awesome toy for the kid, but we use baby toys for our small dog as they are more durable and have the attention getting sounds that my dog loves. The giggle is not too loud, so it would not scare a baby, this is a great toy for both human and animal.
love it  my little-one loves it! small and cute :)
so big and soft!  My son absolutely loves it and loves that its so big and soft! It's also a really great design of a spinosaurus.
great product  Our grandson really liked this product.
Doc  Cute plush and my daughter's love her.
Nice!!!  My 12 year old son bought this flygon for his best friends birthday. It came very fast and looked just as the picture. It was huge!!!
Super satisfaction  Absolutely perfect! My kiddos were super happy. Thanx
We were very happy with our product, thank you very much.
sounds just like the movie version  Very cute toy, sounds just like the movie version.
Great Christmas Gift  not damaged during shipment.  After receiving my first doll, I decided to order additional dolls to give to my neices. I also purchased Madeline books from the book store to give as a gift to go along with her.  I am very please with my purchases.  This gift is highly recommended.
Cute little Latios  Came as pictured. It made for one happy kid on Christmas. No problems with stitching or packaging.
Adorable.
the boy i gave it to loved it
Lovable and Cuddly  I bought this gift for my granddaughter and the gift paid for itself when I saw her beautiful eyes light up as she reached for it. She's 19 months old and Elmo is the perfect fit for her.
loved it  my nephew was looking for one for the longest time, now that he has one in beautiful condition he cant let it go
It's a nice collectible. Well made, and perfect sized.
Super cute!!!
Awesomeeeeeeee
Perfect size for small hands  My 17-month old daughter doesn't watch television at home, but saw an episode of Sesame Street at her grandma's house and, for whatever reason, was drawn to Elmo. If we saw Elmo on a book cover, on a t-shirt, on a toothbrush, she would excitedly say, "Elmo!" ... so when I saw this 13" plush Elmo toy, that was simply stuffed and didn't laugh or do somersaults, I ordered it. It is perfectly sized for small hands, light, easy for my daughter to carry around, and is so, so soft. It's a great value and I would definitely buy it again.
My niece loved this!
I bought this for my granddaughter.  She loves it!
Super soft fur  So stinkin' cute I can't stand it.  Super soft fur, much different than the one I received from eBay even though it was the same brand.  This one appeared to be well made and is very cuddly.
Mew!  Mew loving daughter is very happy with this one. Soft and well made, looks just like the character. Tag says pocket monsters Nintendo/Pokemon.
Love the little guy  Although he may look a bit cranky, the Vincent VanGogh doll is a happy addition to any art studio. Would recommend.
Good purchase  Very nice. So cute. Great condition.
Came in perfect shape, sort of a slow delivery but it made it worth it to see how my nephew reacted.
My only issue...  It's really cute! My partner loved it (as it's his favorite Pokemon) Only complaint I really have is the packaging of the product, it was basically bundled up in a ball and then in a bag. While I assume this is the best way to ship it, there were some things that annoyed me (such as the little detail on it's elbows being bent back, or the ears being bent downwards) Obviously it's fixable. In all it's a great product, really soft, and would recommend getting if you are a huge Sableye fan!
Great TOY!  My 2 year old son loves this toy, it was worth it.  Keeps him entertained and feeling accomplished when he finishes it.  GREAT TOY!
Beyond adorable. I absolutely love it!
Very pleased  One of my granddaughter's adored Black Butler plushie. Of all of her collection I would say her Black Butler, Grell, Ciel, and Sebastian are among her most cherished.
"It's really cool because I have another Charizard and I made it a fake keystone that makes it mega evolve." - 7 year old
So cute! It's much bigger then my two regular stitches and Angel is so soft and cuddly!! I would buy it again!! Hurry and buy it!
great
My niece loved her Ugly Doll!  My niece was 7 months old when she got her Ugly Doll.  She loved it immediately, as did my nephew when he received his years ago.
Really cute and super soft.
perfect!  a few reviews said that elmos fur shed alot. my son puts everything possible in his mouth, ive washed it twice, and its still in brand new condition. non of the fur has shed. perfect size for a toddler! cant beat the price. Overall, extremely satisfied.
Adorable.  So adorable. Perfect size.
Very cute. A must have for Paw Patrol lovers
Grandson loves this one too!!
Llama llama love love  My niece loves llama llame, and considering getting a back up
AWSOME! yay minions.  Got these adorable minions for my sons's 2ed birthday. As soon as I opened  the box his expression was worth a billion words. The material isn't the greatest but their soft and safe. Only this to watch out for are a few random stuffing strings . Inspect before giving to small children to pull off leftover stuffing material. besides that their great
Precious toy  Super soft and snuggley. Super cute toy.
Quick to get & very cute  OMG!! I had ordered this on Christmas eve & was told it would be here on the first but when I got it only 5 days later I couldn't stop screaming I was so happy. yeah he is kinda small but sooo cute!
So cute!!  LOVE IT!! It's so cute and plushy!! The One thing is I didn't know the ears are curls (the end of the ears do not touch his head ). Now I have 3 Pokemon for my daughter.
perfect gift
It's SO adorable!!!!  Glaceon is my favorite pokemon, and I was so happy when I received it, WEEKS before the expected delivery date. It was even bigger than I imagined (The head is about the size of my fist), so that was a big plus, too. No problems, Love it so much <3
LOVE THIS!!!  i am a huge rilakkuma fan so when i saw this i flipped out! reasonably priced and incredibly huggable
Loves His Special Agent Oso  Arrived fast and in perfect condition, all tags and items attached, he looks great and my son was thrilled to find Special Agent Oso in his birthday bag!
Quality product speedy shipping.  Thank you!!!
Super cute. Exactly what I was hoping for  Super cute.  Exactly what I was hoping for.
grate product, grate seller
great gift my daughter loves it.
Olaf is the best  While I wasn't the biggest fan of Frozen, there's no denying how awesome Olaf is. My sister in particular loves him,so I got this for her.
... arrived in a very timley fashion and was of good quality! Thank you  Item arrived in a very timley fashion and was of good quality!  Thank you!
compare the color to the Samsung... this TV is GREAT  We just bought this TV at Video Only and the guy threw in a Blu-ray player for free (and the original price was great)... my wife and I have been agonizing over the decision on what TV to choose. We sold our condo and sold the Panasonic industrial plasma we had on the wall as part of the deal.  We were without a TV if you can imagine the horror.  The thing that really made us choose this TV over the Samsung 120hz 1080P 52" TOC was the depth and truthfullness of the color. I also felt that the blacks were blacker and the bright spots were brighter (contrast?). Don't get us wrong, the Samsung is a very bright and sharp TV and we really thought we were going to go in that direction. We looked at them side by side and in the end, we just couldn't get over the way the Toshiba recreated the colors compared to the Samsung that made golf greens almost 'neon green'. I can see why people are "drawn" to the Samsung tv's though... the colors are so vivid... but to me, they are a bit over done (and likely its an attempt by Samsung to attract you to their tv... "just pick the one that you are drawn to" says the guy at the big box store... oh, you mean the brightest one?).  In the end, my recommendation would be to go to a good store and look at these tv's side by side. When watching a movie or an HD tv show, do you want to be subjected to *intense* (possibly overdone) colors, or to something that is (in our opinion) a bit more *real*.  The list price on this TV is about $500 less than the Samsung as well. :)
it complements the books  my baby loves llama llama and when we read the books she hold the llama llama or i will act the actions in the book with the doll.
Badger Up!  I thought my daughter was complete with every stuffed animal known to man. Turns out I was wrong. What she lacked all along was this beautiful badger. Personally I would say there's no way any other stuffed animal would ever be needed. But that's a lie. I know she'll find another to add to the menagerie. Until then we will all Bask in the effervescent glow of Mr Badger.
My little girl is 21 months old and started to show an interest in buckles, so I bought this for her. She loves it!
Worth Every Penny  Adorable and great quality!
Super soft!
Good quality.  Arrived as expected. Good quality.
It is perfect! So cute and a little bigger then a soft ball.
Pete the Rabbit!  I Absolutely loved it! My grandbaby 10 mo loves Pete the Rabbit!  I looked in every store and couldn't find, went to internet and ordered from Amazon and he loves it! Original in box so adorable!
ADORABLE! Gave it to my new little nephew  ADORABLE!  Gave it to my new little nephew.  Just the right size for a baby.  Also gave him the cute Peter Rabbit book gift set.
Super Shiny, Nicely Finished and Sweet  My good friend is a big fan of red foxes. So she got this as one of her Christmas presents. I love the sweet face and super shiny finish. It sits very flat and looks great even if you just have it on a shelf. It looks even better near the sink to drop rings on while washing dishes or doing food prep.
Very cute and nicely made  I got this little guy to serve as our elf-on-a-shelf for next Christmas. He is much larger and cuter than the one that comes with the book.  Seems to be well made and I'm happy to add him to our Christmas collection.
Quality was perfect!  So cute! And exactly what my daughter wanted! Quality was perfect!
great
Cute product!  Just as advertised, very cute!
2 year old loves it!  My son LOVES this toy! He mastered the buckling right away, and got down the unbuckling after about a week. It keeps him from messing with his stroller and carseat buckles. Definitely going to buy more buckle toys :-)
... gift and the person who got it was very pleased,  It was a gift and the person who got it was very pleased,
BJ doll will be a hit with my daughter  My daughter has been asking for a BJ doll for quite awhile.  It's been rather hard trying to find one.  When i got this today in the mail, I was so happy.  She is going to love it.  It's going to be hard to wait until her birthday later this month to give it to her. :)
SO CUTE AND SOFT.  This plush is adorable. Very soft and huggable, and, as usual for Sanei, great likeness. Looks just like Mew from Pokemon. Great companion to my Mewtwo plush. It's nice to finally add the ancestor of all Pokemon to my Pokemon plush collection. Great gifts for Pokemon fans of all ages.
Awesome
Cute and Perfection  So cute!!! Perfect size! Everything about this Plue is adorable, sooo worth the money especially if you are a Fairy Tail fan. His nose is on point (literally), its so cute and an actual pointed spiral. Just added Lucy's keys and Plue is all set to be adored!
Mario's coolest powerup?  Got mine for Xmas... where was this toy when we were kids? I love it - it's soft, accurate to the character, well-made, high quality, and not too expensive. A very nice present for anyone who would appreciate it.
Great!  Exactly what I was hoping for and in great condition! Arrived super fast as well and just like new! Great find for Christmas!
Cute  I bought this for a friend who lost appendages in a freak accident and used the real deal in the hospital. Awesome gag gift!
ADORKABLE!!!  I wasn't sure what to think when I ordered this. But this is amazing! There is even a string that you can hang her up on a hook or something. I love it! I now of course have to buy Kirito because you can't have one and not the other!
Love this unicorn.  It is so soft.
Super cute!!!
Great Plush Toy  This Donald Duck is made of durable materials and is so soft. My son just loves it! I would definitely buy more made by the same company.
My daughter loves this pokemon!
my son was over the moon with this cloud
Love it
Happy with product  Timely delivery. Happy with product.
IT'S NOT REALLY CHRISTMAS WITHOUT THE GRINCH  Looks GREAT under the tree!
This cute little airplane is just right for babies. It is soft. It has handles that the baby can hold on to.
Ok
Colored Fluff  Bought it as a gift for my girlfriend. She loves the thing. It isn't an alpacasso but it's his "buffer cousin" arpakasso or so my girlfriend says. Soft and kid friendly.
Adorable  Very small - sits in your hand - adorable, little stuffed lamb with a gentle "baaa" sound. Bought 3 for Easter gifts. Very cute.
Nice, well build , good price, everything ok
What an incredible pan!  This is one of the best pans I have ever owned. The weight, heat distribution, finish, materials and feel are all excellent. I've already noticed a difference in the way a couple sauces finished up in this pan compared to what I have been using. And don't get me wrong, I have a good set of all-purpose pots and pans that are good quality and nothing to shake a spatula at... but this is exquisite. It's worth every penny!
cute bruh  my friend loved it :D
Excellent buy!
I love  Just in time! I love it
Granddaughter's love him!!!!
Love love love!  If you're a hello kitty collector(like me:)), than this will be a great addition to your collection. Was very cute n shipping time was great!!:)
Cute Olaf!  My son was so happy when he got this and I was very pleased that it was an authentic Disney product!
arrived quickly and my daughter loves it.
so oh what fun to have them do things together  These are so cute. They are the same quality as the original ones in the box. You get a girl and a boy, so oh what fun to have them do things together. And the price was right.  I can't wait for Christmas.
My granddaughter Loves Elmo 
super cute and bigger than expected.
Son loves it!  It looks exactly the same as the one my son loaned from his school for one day. He was very happy to have his own!
So cute!
Good buy for the  Son went crazy and has it with him all the time. Good buy for the kids
Furby  This was a gift for my Grandchild.  From all reports, my Grandchild loves it and Furby and I are bit hits in New Jersey.
I would love to have this stuffed animal because my younger brother has it and I am jealous.
O.M.G. CUTE  Gund's Boo is O.M.G. cute! I feel kind of horrible and selfish...I purchased this as a baby shower gift, but kept it for myself! Boo is super soft and super cuddly. I had breast cancer and Boo was my companion before and after surgery and during treatments. Boo is small enough to take nearly everywhere, to comfort the sick or bring a smile to someone. I would recommend Boo for children AND for adults. Be careful though. You should buy 2 if you plan to give one as a gift, so you can keep one for yourself.
Awesome  Awesome product well made hold its position when bent extremely happy with it!
I choose you pikachu plush!  This plush is so soft and cute! Pikachu always has been one of my favorite pokemon!
So cute!  Very cute plushie. Nice quality as well. Highly recommended and great as a gift!
Beautiful backpack.
A+ mark.
ADORABLE PETER RABBIT  THIS ITEM IS SURE TO BE A TREASURED KEEPSAKE AND A GREAT ADDITION TO THE BEDTIME STORY READING OF PETER RABBIT AND BENJAMIN BUNNY
Grandson just loved it!!! did not see it personally
Fun toys!  Our grandkids love this game & were really excited to receive the cute little action plush figures for Christmas !!
Super cute and well made  My 4 year old loves this little guy.  He is small but I knew that when I bought it and my son wanted a smaller one.  Good price for a licensed product.
Adorable, kids loved them.  These are so adorable!  The cute little minions were exactly what I was expecting when ordering. The kids really loved them.
Good quality very like the cartoon character and made my wife very happy.
Yes..Yes!!  ADORABLE! !!
Great quality and anatomically correct.  I bought this for my boyfriend who is currently deployed overseas. Amazingly, it got there in a total of 5 days which is unheard of for packages shipping from the US to where he is. He opened the box, pulled out this fish, and was completely amazed. He loves catfish as he has fished for them for years. He said that the fish is so anatomically correct with a real Channel Catfish. He was amazed that this much detail went into a stuffed "toy." He also said that the quality of the item seems to be amazing. If a family member or child loves fish/catfish, definitely buy this item. The price is great.
My daughter loved it
Aweosme  I bought this for my 4 year old nephew and he absolutely loves it. The plush dolls are a great size and he plays with them all.
Great!  Another well made plush Mario toy.  Grandson is delighted with it, loves it!  Another great addition to his Mario collection.
Love,Love,Love  My Grandson loved this gift. So adorable, Best price in town, Shipment was prompt.
Inspire Culinary Greatness!  Set him up in your kitchen.  His cheerful, enthusiastic smile will inspire you to culinary greatness.
Old people seem to like this thing  I purchased this for my mom for mothers day.  When I go to visit my dad is usually hugging him.  Old people seem to like this thing.
Love it!  Very soft and flexible, the feet just dangle when picked up not stiff at all. Also a really good size. I'm due in 6 weeks and this is baby's first toy I couldn't be more pleased. Only thing is my OCD kicks in, this zebra is as pictured it looks like it's missing a stripe on the top left eye, so be warned....is exactly as pictured if you have OCD issues like me lol
Really love this plush now all i need is the mega evolved for
adorable, every little girl needs one!
Surprisingly High Quality!  My son loves this!  I was a little apprehensive about the potential quality of this stuffed animal, but it is a high-quality product.
Really cute!  My granddaughter loves Pokemon so I try to reward her for a good six weeks or other event. She loved it and couldn't wait to add it to the rest.
Came quickly and exactly as described!
Great  My son a super excited and happy to recieve this plush! It definitely met his expectations
Beautiful doll and made one little girl very happy.  This doll was a hit for our 4 year old great niece. She loves Frozen and adores Elsa.  Our niece was born prematurely and has cerebral palsy. We chose this particular Elsa for the plush body which makes her easier to grasp.  Our great niece's eyes light up and she has a huge smile when she sees her Elsa.  So happy with this product. Highly recommend.
e
Love this! My boys fought over the one we had so I had to buy a second one! The music and soft lights help get them to sleep at night.
Huge super marios bros fans. Great quality plush
Great  I love it!
nice quality item
A must have for Raichu lovers  Enormous, super soft, and very cuddly. High quality and in perfect shape. If you like Raichu, you won't regret purchasing this. It's worth the price and more!
perfect for my 5 month old grand-daughter...
Excellent quality too  My 7 yr old absolutely loves these figurines he play with them non stop! Excellent quality too!!
Exactly what we wanted
Lots of texture  Super cute stuffed toy. He's a little crazy looking but has lots of texture and fun colors to keep baby stimulated.
They love them.  We mailed them to grandchildren and they have not put them down. They love them.
My Niece loved them.
Soft and colorful!  This is going to go great with my son's Henry Hugglemonster Toddler bed!  This plush toy is soft and colorful!
Happy Girls  My daughter's loved it
perfect!  I bought this as my baby's first stuffie & I have gotta say it was the best choice! Its a little bigger than I expected which was a huge plus; came very fast & its super super soft! This expecting momma gives 2 thumbs way up!
super cute i love angry birds
very pleased with the quality  Daughter has quite a few this was a size she did not have.very pleased with the quality
WOW  This is sitting on my floor by a plant in the living room. EXTREMELY high quality. Incredibly detailedl. I am amazed at the workmanship. Great effect of materials and tons of fun.
great quality, my neice loved it!
Minecraft Plushies!  My nephew LOVES this group! He loves the game, and was very happy that these plush toys were available. They adorn the bookshelf by his computer. Very cute, too.
I love moogles!  Arrived on time, the code still works, too!  I got my moogle in game as well as irl!  Great product.
Prefect! 
My son loves this toy :)
everything you could want in a nail  The first time around I watch the pro's lay down hard wood in my house. In the next house I decided to buy a Porta-Nail nailer and never looked back. I just finished laying down hardwood in my third home and I can do nothing but praise the nailer and the nails. never a problem with either
Love these clothes for the elf  I can't believe I found this whole package so cheap!! It's all about Elfy!!! Love these clothes for the elf!!
It looks so real and cute
Hard To Get Pup  Rocky is one of my son's favorite pups from the Paw Patrol and I was stupid and didn't grab it when it was in Target.  Luckily, though people on Ebay were selling it for $50, it was available for a decent price on Amazon.  It's held up well to being played with, cuddled, and carried out on trips to stores.  It's super soft and easy to wash as well!  (Very important in our household since stuffies occasionally get doused in chocolate milk due to my daughter.)
Great for MetaKnight lovers  My son is a big Kirby and Meta Knight fan, he loves the action toys so he can re enact the video games.  I am very pleased wit its durablity and likeness.
Simply adorable!
very cool stuffed animals(?)  Ordered these for my kid for christmas and he absolutley loves them. They are very soft too! Not as big as I thought when I got them though.
amazing  my friend absolutely loved this. i brought her both kirito and asuna and they arrived at the same time. :)
Very cute and good quality. Will order more  Very cute and good quality.  Will order more. The body holds strong and it is perfect for personalized gift ....
I used this as a diaper cake topper and it was perfect, the socks are for baby to wear and the fox makes a great toy
my child loves it .. price not bad
I LOVE Tim Burton's movies  I LOVE Tim Burton's movies!! Speacially nightmare before Christmas. I love jack, he's adorable. He was in perfect edition, with tags and no animal hair! So happy. Defently buying from this seller again!! <3333
Well made and good size  Amazing. Son won't leave the house without it .
Kids loved it.
A rather warm reception.  Delivered on time & Exactly as depicted; soft and definitely a welcome addition to my growing number of Monster Hunter plushies. I'd recommend the notion of sending a monster to a friend who they might have had trouble with as a great birthday/holiday gift & as a way to remember your early/memorable days as a Monster Hunter with them.
GREAT Espeon doll!!! Daughter was so happy she carries her everywhere. :)
Well made. Girlfriend loves it
Great listener  The softest cutest otter in the land. Great listener and excellent little spoon. Highly recommend.
Bought for birthday present, very soft
Adorable  Love this! Thought it'd be too big but it's perfect. Great gift (and my little dog absolutely loves curling up with it!)
Its cute!  Bigger than I thought it would be.
Nice Toy.  My daughter is very happy! What else can I say? :)
Very pleased. Have order 4 for grandkids  Very pleased. Have order 4 for grandkids. Looks just like the boxer we just lost. Made us smile. Came in a timely manner and as described
Soft and cuddly  Very nice toy my niece loves it. Soft and cuddly. Two thumbs up.
Love love  Looks even better than the pic. My daughter loves it!
If you like windwaker link  If you like windwaker link you will definitely enjoy this.  Plushy is not super soft, but made of nice material
Perfect gift  This was the perfect gift for my fishing lovin' son. The open mouth of the fish allowed my son to us a plastic finishing pole and pretend to catch it.
Nicely detailed plushy.  It amazes me how nice and firm these are. No worries about the stuffing coming out. . The quality of the material and designs are so nicely put together.  Would definitely recommend this product.
Awesome  Great job on everything.....Thank you
Nice product just as described and timely delivery.
My son loves it
Good quality!
A better idea than a bunch of flowers!  I was really surprised to discover that you could still get a Sylvester toy that's new!  Maybe I'm just old-fashioned... I sent this in the place of flowers when my sister got sick. I know she was really pleased and surprised! She loves Sylvester. Flowers die and having something to hug only makes things better! (Even if it's sent to an adult )
I always love palace pets - this was cute and came very quickly
Gotta love Deema!  These plush Buble Guppies are so cute! They are great quality and look exactly like the characters.  This is the only place (nickjr.com-amazon) that I have found to buy these.  Currently, you can get a deal 3 for $25!  Itnis a great deal!
Excelent
It's so cute and on warmer nights I use it as an actual blanket for my new born....it covers his little body perfect, it's the cutest thing (and this product isn't big it like a little bigger than a wash rag hahahaha
Homeowner  This cable performs with minimum loss, even though its diameter is only about 3/16".  Compared with RG-59 black cable of the same length on UHF channels or VHF channels, I could find no difference.  I expect it is for indoor use.  The ivory color and small diameter makes the cable easy to hide and the cable is very flexible.  The connectors seem well made.  Pricy, but worth it for exposed locations.  I know of no other similar product.
got it  I use this one myself for a baseball outside with my kids, they like it but its a little small . the tung actually tucks inside its mouth and it can be hidden, thats what I do to it when I hit it with my kids whiffle bat ... thanks tho got it and its more than I expected with the toung thing lol
I bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter and she loves it. She takes it everywhere with her.
SO AWSOME HE TAKES IT EVERYWHERE
Gotta love Pokemon!  Purchased this for my brother, who loves Pokemon, and he was very happy with it! Super cute plushie :)
ATTACK ON TITAN LANYARDS!!!  Love the lanyards, glad I bought two. One for work and the other one as a souvenir
My grandson will love him!
Cute!  This plushie is super cute, and true to the pics as advertised.  The kids love them!
Chewy was awsome  bought as a gift for a 6 year old. he really loved it. looks good, sounds are authentic.  would recommend
KId loved it.. :)
Soft, adorable  So cute & soft!
A great toy for Minecraft fans  We bought this plush Minecraft Zombie toy for my 6 year old nephew's birthday and he was ecstatic when he opened this gift! He's in a huge Minecraft phase and kept saying to my son "Thank you so much for my zombie! I love it!". I was impressed with the quality of this toy. It feels well made, is approximately 12 inches tall, the colors are bold and the material feels really soft. This is is a great toy for Minecraft fans.
It's really soft and adorable. Looks just like the photo  This is a Christmas present for our little one.  It's really soft and adorable.  Looks just like the photo.  Glad we purchased it!
Adds to my friends at a photo shoot.
Inexpensive well made , bought it as a dog toy Hit with the puppy!
Great for SCII fan boys!  a great gift for my Starcraft loving son!
Just right!  Bought for a three year old, I think this doll is just right.  I didn't want a doll with clothes that come on and off, as they can be frustrating for little ones who can't remove them or put them back on properly yet. This doll is a good size and very pretty.  I think she'll be a welcome and well loved little friend, in any home!
Excellent!  This is the perfect doll for a toddler. My 18 month old neice, who loves the movie and songs, loves this perfectly sized soft doll. A precious toy at a great price.
Excellent product
Nice toy and much closer to real platypus compared to many others available online
Came a few days before the day expected my toddler love's it.
Son loved it. Well made.
My grandson loved it!  My grandson loved this plush toy.  He recognized it right away as "Buzz"...he is 19 months old.
Good toy!  My kid loves this animal. Good quality product and right side to be help by a toddler. Easy to wash and clean..
He loved it!  The children love this toy you don't need two wwe to play but we did get another and the boys love it.
paper is wonderful!  love the paper!
cute  what you see is what you get and is just as adorable. its exactly like the picture so expect no surprises
The item came in earlier than expected and that was very good.  My granddaughter just loves it. The item came in earlier than expected and that was very good.
Good  My child requested this as a Christmas gift & was very happy with it. I thought the price was right too!
Five year old loved these!  She was so excited to get the pair.  Size was perfect for her to carry around without taking up too much room.
Nicely made. Just a little late...And that was amazons problem..  A little late but still made a big smile happen yesterday. Thanks again
Absolutely adorable. Soft and perfect size for toddler  Absolutely adorable.  Soft and perfect size for toddler.
My 20 month old loves this. He loves buckles!
Daughter Tested and Approved. :)  My daughter loves her Inside Out friends (as she calls them) Joy, Bing-Bong, and Sadness are always within arm's reach for my almost 4-year-old. The size of each one is great and they are perfect for playing with when you have small hands. They were a great purchase and a big hit Christmas morning!
Great product  Really soft. Great product
Fun!  My son loves this.
Exceeded expectations  Very pleased with purchase. Doll was perfect and my granddaughter loved it. Shipped quickly and I received earlier than expected.
Adorable.  Looooooooove.
Kids love it.  "Barry" is part of the family.  I have popped him in the washer in the gentle cycle two dozen times and he still looks new.
great product and fast shipping!!
Good buy!  Baby boy loved it!!! His daddy is big on bass fishing and this made dad happy too!
Good Value  Exactly as described and expected.
Loves it!  I put this in my son's stocking for Christmas and it has become a fast favorite stuffed animal.  It is soft and very cute!
Love these guys and so does my daughter!!
Bowser  This Bowser plushie is very good. He's very good-looking too. He is made by Banpresto. I like him. I got him at the Nintendo World store last year.
Perfect for your tween!  My daughter Loved this Pusheen!
12 year old son loves these things!
Perfect Pooh for you  Very soft and well made! Some stuffed animals are so cheap but this one is well worth the price.
So life like
Worth the money and my grandson love's Elmo
Great quality and great value!  I love her. She makes a good mama for the smaller wolf plush of the same brand that I bought a few years prior. Fantastic quality. Such a fair price.
This was a perfect gift for her  Our next door neighbor, age 1.6 yrs old, loves coming over to visit our wood pelicans out on our deck sitting atop of pilings.  This was a perfect gift for her.  We coupled it with a small piling for her to use when  "Petey" goes to bed.  Great size and really soft.
My one year old great grandson loves Tec the Tractor and he was thrilled with the plush toy of Tec!  He plays with it all the time!
Fun Toy if They Like Buckles  Keeps my kid entertained for hours (more like 20 minutes, but feels like hours when dealing with a toddler).
... time to come but once it did my baby loved them!  Took a little time to come but once it did my baby loved them!
My son loved this dragon  My son loved this dragon. He plays minecraft on pc and on the ps3 a lot so I guess it's just normal for him to love this.
Cute!  Cute for a 1st Christmas gift.
So soft and cute! The price is cheap for what you're getting.
Just as big and soft and adorable as we had hoped!
love it !!!! and the movie !
I was very pleased. Thank you  The item purchased was clean and not defective. I was very pleased. Thank you......
Lambie is a friend to create lifelong memories with.
Ciel Cow Plush  I got both Sebastian and Ciel as a set from my fiance. These little guys are so cute. They are smaller than they appear on the site, but still live up to the cuteness. Ciel has the cutest little bow on his tail that you can't see very well in the picture. His outfit is slightly different from Sebastian's in that his head has ears and horns attached, and Sebastian's outfit featured a hood that can be lowered if you wish. I love these little guys, they are adorable!
She loved it.  Good quality
Gotta love Birdo!  I'm a big Super Mario Bros. fan, and I've always liked the unique characters Nintendo would feature in the games. I collect different plushes of different Mario characters, and I must say that this 9.5 inch Birdo is magnificent! Tall, durable quality, excellent coloring and good stitching. I was a little worried at first about shipping with this seller, but I ordered it on Christmas Day and it came to my door on New Year's Eve! Thanks for the great product and excellent service!
Excellent quality
Received on  time and as described.  My 4 year old granddaughter was delighted!!  Has been taking it everywhere she goes since Christmas.  While I think the doll is a little odd looking, I am not the one that counts--she is!
Adorable! Got for my boyfriend and his velcrows his hands around his neck and walks around! Even cuter than pic suggests.
Grandsons love these  guys !
I got these for my daughter they are very nice and well detailed was very happy with it.
It's perfect and looks just like the one on the show  My son Jiraiya loves this coin purse.  It's perfect and looks just like the one on the show.  Very high quality for how inexpensive that it was.
Blooper  We bought this Super Mario Blooper for our boys ages 5 & 6.  They play with them like typical 5 & 6 year old boys do and they have survived, lol.  They have "flown" off our 2nd story balcony, been tied up, been in the bathtub/hot tub, dragged behind bikes, thrown, etc.. etc... They are very well made, super durable, nice, soft, quality plush.  I think you can always trust the Nintendo plushes with the red tags. *This one was a little smaller (thinner) than I expected ~ it's only an inch or inch 1/2 thick.  Boys still love it though!!
;)
Awesome, good quality  I was very happy with the quality.  It doesn't look cheap and very well sewn.  My boyfriend loves it!  So Cute!
Great Bear  My grandson love his pooh bear.  I gave it to him for Christmas.  It is very soft and made well.
Great buy!  My 2 yr old daughter loves these!!  Great buy!
My son LOVEs these.
Timeless Swiss Army Knife - Perfect - Good Price  I have (had) several Swiss Army Knives - in this specific configuration. I bought another one of these for my car. I cannot recommend too highly. Best configuration of Swiss Army knife for me.
Cute, cuddlable, Halloween uses  This was a b-day gift for my boyfriend, He loved it, this thing is soo cute, and even works great for Halloween props.  the stitching on it was good as well!
Great  Very small. It was a perfect gift for my daughter though. Wish I could find one in a much larger size
Awesome  Plush is pretty big. about the size of a basketball.
LOVE IT!
Son loves it!  Bought this for my 4 year-old since grandpa pig is his favorite, and he was so excited to get it. The noise isn't too bad, and even if it was, wouldn't matter because my son loves it. The size is also really nice, especially for the price.
Fast shipping, as expected, son loves it
Very engaging toy for a toddler!  I bought this for my son's second birthday after a friend told me how much her child loved it. It has been a huge hit! After he opened it he played with it all day: hard to keep a busy toddler engaged for an entire day! The buckles are not too tight for small fingers to open, though he's still working on that skill. I also like that it has three different styles of buckles for him to learn. It's also helping him learn his colors. Great toy.
ADORABLE!!  My family and I pull a name from the Salvation Army tree each Christmas.  This year we pulled a little girl who wanted a Doc McStuffin doll.  I had no idea what this doll was until we looked on Amazon.  We found it to be very cute and ordered it.  The doll came in last week and we just could not be any happier.  This doll is so adorable and appears to be made well.  I don't think you could go wrong with this purchase!
You can't improve on a classic  You can't go wrong with glo worm. I had one as a child and now my baby does as well. It works great to soothe them to sleep.
great shopkins!  daughter loved it
My son will love it.  Simply gorgeous. My son will love it.
Awesome plush!  This umbreon is awesome. It is so soft and luxurious to the touch. The head is slightly oversized, but it is awesome!
This is my favorite toy I've gotten for our 18 mo old  This is my favorite toy I've gotten for our 18 mo old.  She loves buckles and this thing is chock full
Love these  Love these.  Cute!
Kids loved this
my 17 months daughter is completly in Love with Elmo,She enjoy very much this toy ;p
love it  This was a great addition to my tree last year and will be a constant on every tree in the years to come... he loves putting the star on top of the tree!!
Even cuter in person.  well packaged by the seller.
Looks great! Everyone loved it  It was great!! It looks perfect in the nursery
Very pleased with purchase  Love this plush so much and it looks just like the picture! The shipment might've taken awhile but it is well worth the wait
Yay Maleficent!  I dress as Maleficent every Halloween and I collect Maleficent items.  Now I have a good sized plush Mal doll on my bed!
My 2 year-old grandson loves Frozen and loved this doll as he got it for his birthday along with other Frozen items.  Great gift!
Angry Birds Star Wars 5: Plush - Chewbacca  My 7 year old grandson loved it.  My 10 year old playing with my cell phone went onto Amazon and found them.  Then asked if Santa was going to bring it to them!!!!  Loved the 2 day shipping!  Made my Christmas very easy.
My Daughter Loves it!!!  She will not go anywhere without it!!!
Pocoyo  Grand kids love them and play with them lots.
It was a perfect gift for a sparkles and pink loving  It was a perfect gift for a sparkles and pink loving, 5 year old girl. The quality has held up so far since the holidays with daily play.
looks like picture...like the otter with the starfish better..just fluffy
Loved this chavo doll!!
just perfect! :D  Very pleased! I love perry!
Fun toy, sling it around while it makes a sound!  Fun toy, sling it around while it makes a sound!  Great for the kids or a white elephant gift!
CUTE  Exactly as described.  Seems to be good quality.  Would Recommend.  Looks just like the character from the game.  Thanks so much!
everything worked and looked great  i had no problem with the product everything was great thanks! What more can I say, thanks guys I appreciate it
Nice Quality  My fiance loves it and it really is being put to good use
This is the cutest thing EVER!!!  If you're looking at this listing for any reason what so ever, do yourself a favor and buy this bird. It's guaranteeeeeeed to put a smile on your face.
The girls will love theses
Cute.  I bought this for a young relative. She likes it. It arrived quickly. No problems, whatsoever.
I love it have been using it thus far. No problems
Great toy/soother.
My Son Loves Luigi  My son loves his baby Luigi, he plays with a bit rough and it is holding up well from the abuse.
Cute.  Really cute.
Faster shipping then expected! My son loves it
Arrived today~  I bought this for my boyfriend and had it shipped to his house. I was hoping it would arrive before or in his birthday but it arrived about 9 days after. He loves it and it's bigger than I expected when he showed me a photo. There are two little black dots on one tooth, but I'm sure they can be cleaned off. I will probably buy one for myself one day. XD
this is an amazing depiction and got here with good time  My boy loves bowser JR, this is an amazing depiction and got here with good time.
I don't believe it.  There is no way this humming bird could fly with those short little wings.  And the plumage is drab at best.
Nice  Lil bigger than expected
great
Great - life like backpack, every Star wars collector should have them all.
My 20 month old LOVES this, she takes it everywhere.
i love it
Love it!
BUNNIES BY THE BAY WEE BUNNY DO NOT DISAPPOINT!  ADORABLE!!!  SOOO ADORABLE I HAD TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE!  LOVE THESE!!!:)
Hours of fun with iPad interactive game  So cute!! Hours of fun with iPad interactive game. Will be buying the matching furbling next
Unicorn made for a Very Merry Xmas!  My daughter loves her unicorn!! Very well made- and just looks beautiful!
Good quality  Very well made and detailed. Great price. Kids are crazy about them and play all the time and they can take lots of abuse!
Awesome !  Best safe soft toy ever ! My 1yr old grandson having was very happy to get his Batman . Thank You
Very nice, I am very happy.
My son loves him
Big hit with zombie obsessed 6yr old!  Nom-nom-nom, BRAINS! I got this for my son who is obsessed with all things zombie and it was a hit. Even my 16 month old giggles when he hears the 'burp' noises.  I wish he was a little bigger body wise, my kids get a little upset that he falls over do to his head being oversized. But overall, great novelty toy.
its awesome  if your thinking about getting this toy and your not sure about purchasing this item the answer is yes buy it its a little on the expensive side but its very durable and looks just like the real thing.
Very good quality  Was pleasantly surprised GUND made an Elmo doll and should have known since it was made by GUND that it would be of a good quality - very soft and well made - my 2 year old granddaughter loved it - it has been tossed around and around and hugged to death and is still in very good condition!  Price was so reasonable and would definitely recommend purchasing it!
I bought 2 for my kids and they loved it, it looks exactly like the picture  I bought 2 for my kids and they loved it, it looks exactly like the picture, I'm very pleased 
nice, soft, cuddly.  exactly as you'd expect.  very cute.  my girls love it.
but that just makes it better!  The cutest, ugly panda bear toy I've ever owned.  It looks a little pre-loved because of the material it's made of, but that just makes it better!
It's tiny but adorable and mine arrived in great quality  It's tiny but adorable and mine arrived in great quality, I almost had a heart attack when I heard nothing had been delivered from my trolling brother but again he was just trollin - anyways, yeah pretty great pretty cute 10/10
So Cute!  Absolutely adorable!!  It's super soft and has the cutest roar!  It will be hard to part with this one.
Love godzilla and these slippers too  Very cool. I'd guess anyone above a u.s. women's12 or men's14 would be a tight fit. I'm comfy as a size 11w. The bottoms are thinner than I'd expected but soft. Toenails are a pleather type material that's stiff enough to stand rigid
Gift  Boy loved it and can stop playing with it .cant wait to get the rest of theme for my boy
Very satisfied with my purchase.
(:
Two are better than one!  My 14 month old granddaughter loves Elmo so much and carries him around all day. We had to buy another spare so we could wash one while she slept with the other one. Best toy ever.
Love it!!
Exactly as it appears.
It was perfect
my son loves this thing
He was adorable and made a  lil 2 year olds day
My Rottweiler loves his new UglyDoll.
Great
My son LOVES this toy! Thank you
A must for Grell/Blackbutler fans  Oh my goodness....On a first note, the stitching and everything is fine (no loose threads or anything of that sort). The eyes, teeth, and glasses feel very nice and have no color distortions (that goes for everything else on him as well.) Both the white and red tie in the front and the knotted waist tie in the back fit perfectly and are nice and firm. The hair is really nice and lovely to the touch. Over-all, I have no complaints about this. Right size, nice design, great fabric, and wonderful for any black butler or Grell fan out there.
Looks good, my grandson will get this for his birthday  Came from China in about 2 weeks. Looks good, my grandson will get this for his birthday.
Per-r-r-r-r fit and adorable!  The cute Cat in the Hat arrived on time and is adorable. My 2 year old granddaughter is going to love him!  He's not as fat as pictured but more resembles the original Cat in the Hat from the first Dr. Seuss books. His eyes are beautifully embroidered and very cute so this stuffed character is perfect for toddlers since there are no parts to get choked one. I am very happy and anxious for her get  "Cat" as she calls him, on her birthday!
Great addition to my Minion Halloween costume!!!!  Perfect!!!!!
GREAT!!  It came perfectly just in time for my daughter's birthday!! She was so surprised. Ordered all four kitties!! Great service!! Have bought from them before and will again!! We definitely recommend!!
So cute!  Love this plush. Very cute.  Great gift along with the books.
My daughter loves the toy.
Dory was darling
they were delighted!  Wore it for my Montessori class on the last day before Christmas vacation. . . they were delighted!
Fantastic First Baby Doll  We are Kate Kruse collectors and have our first granddaughter, so this was a perfect choice and the doll is getting much love.
Looooove him!!!  This was a surprise Christmas gift :) He's sooo adorable!! and I love how you can flip his cow hat down. Well made, and really cute! I'm sure any Black Butler fan would love him.
Great item  So cute I bought for my fur baby
glowworm  My granddaughter LOVES IT !!
Disney Tinker Bell doll  My 2 year old granddaughter loves it.  She is into Tink and this is colorful, sturdy, and soft enough to cuddle with.
Great for Collectors (This is not one of those dolls designed to handle stress)  I wouldn't say this is a very durable toy but I don't think these things were intended to be played with. I collect them because I'm a huge Super Mario fan and I like to look at them.  From a kid's perspective a kid would want to play with him so I would recommend for the more careful child or the child who knows how to admire the doll on the shelf or nicely play with him I would say most of the Mario Dolls are for older kids/collectors rather than kids who want to run around and be careless with it.  Use common sense, parents. Remember when you were kids and you were given a Model Car or a Porcelan Doll and expected to stare at it on a high shelf?  And if you broke it you were in big Trouble? Yes, this is THAT kind of doll. Use judgement when buying something with a higher price tag. High price tag does not indicate durability and this is no exception.  I would be wary of BOOTLEG Mario dolls though. If you see used from China and not the USA beweare. I know there are bootlegs circulating the USA as well, however it is always a CHANCE you take when buying on line. I've gotten a few Bootlegs by accident. HOw to handle it: Carefully assess that the doll is fake. Fake would include: Poor sewing The doll falling apart within a day Stuffing falling out looking over stuffed. Something "Strange" about it. Misshapped face, head, arm,  Check the Tags and check on line for sources Sometimes if you run the barcode through a search engine it will come up as Fake. That's what happens with MIYA Records, a big known Animation/Movie/Game music distributer.  IF its a bootleg, report to Amazon and ask for money back  Don't support Bootlegs by buying cheap.  Bootlegs hurt everyone:  The creator/company gets no money from a bootleg sold. Sometimes thos companies go out of business from people buying junk from bootleggers Bootleggers are theives.  Bootleggers use SHODDY products. There is no quality control Why is that a problem? Because the items used to make the toy could have harmful chemicals in them that hurt your child or pet. Think about Kids and Pets who put things in their mouths. How easy it could be for them to be poisoned by a shoddy product.
Perfect addition to my country princess' wall!
Adorable!  Very cute. I loved this little guy so much I also bought the "reaper" version. The quality of the plush is great and it looks wonderful on my tv set :)
really cute and soft
Great looking anaconda.
Great Product  I bought this as a gift and she loved it, its made well and very soft. I'm very impressed by the quality.
So cute
Star Wars Angry Birds = Awesome  My 6 year old is a collector at heart, and this was a great addition to his collection.  They are constructed well and hold up nicely. And it is Star Wars!
This big Domo is SO cute! I love him!!!  Awesome toy-very big and fun!  Thank you!
Little one was very pleased.
Sweetest Bantha Ever  Very sweet version of a Bantha. My son loves it. Great quality. No flaws.
My granddaughter loved this!!! Very cute!
Look for him in the Valley of the Lepers  I've been giving giant microbes as gifts for years, it's easy to find a special one for every friend or relative. Leprosy was a big hit, looks like he's cuddling a blanket until you pop it open to see what's underneath! Bonus for collectors: I like the fact that his attached fabric tag says "Leprosy" so even when the educational paper card is gone, there's no question about what germ he is.
IT'S SO FLUFFY!  This is the cutest thing...EVER! The 22" variation is quite large, which means there's more to love and more to hug! The material it's made up of is soft enough to double as a pillow. Just like the actual cartoon character, this Rilakkuma plush includes a zipper on its back that can be unzipped, revealing an opening where you can stash things like keys, a cell phone or any other small item. It's just so soft and cute, and it makes the perfect cuddle buddy for any young child or adult who is a kid at heart!
My son loved these. Great deal with the two plushies and the dog tags. Perfect for his birthday. These were his favorite present.
Not So Ugly Doll: Icebat  I received this Ugly Doll as a present from my family and I LOVE it! I love every one of their products and I am NEVER disappointed in the quality or the uniqueness of it. I love the color and the size. I have bought Ugly Doll products for several of my friends. They all love it! Well worth the price! I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!  The material feels like fleece - very soft. The pieces for the eyes and teeth feel like a regular cotton fabric. Note: The tags say hand washing or something similar but they are VERY durable. Just throw them on the top of whatever your washing and then throw it in the dryer.  Conclusion: A great gift for all ages. The "stuffed animal" is soft and durable. A perfect gift for those who love quirkym unique items. I have never had a problem
Nephew loves it!  Bought it for my nephew. He loves it! Even has Andy written on the bottom of his foot!
So cute  I love it so much. It came in very good condition, in a plastic bag in an envelope. It wasn't squished or distorted, I am very happy with it. <3
Seacows <3  I love my big fabulous squishy manatee. I named him Kaipo. He sits on my bed with his very realistic soft brown eyes. His equally realistic whiskers are quite fuzzy and sweet. :-)
Its an incredibly awesome plush toy  I am very very content with this product. It arrived weeks earlier than i expected it to and being from Hawaii thats saying allot. I am a huge pokemon fan i've been a pokefan since I was younger than three in fact and out of all of the eevee evolutions past and present Vaporeon is still my favorite. I recommend this to anyone who truly loves pokemon and Vaporeon. P.S. i saw that peoples been saying it doesn't stand on its own well mine stands fine by its self you just need to adjust its legs a bit and its good to go.
adorable..
Just adorable
MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT !
but she loved it even more because if that  i bought it for my neice, and i didn't know it was going to speak, but she loved it even more because if that
good price quick delivery  Exactly as shown. good price quick delivery.
My niece loves this! Smaller than I expected but very cute.
Good product no problems.
Muy bueno
birthday gift - loved it!
Stitch is so adorable - my daughter loved him.
Toad Plush  The Toad plush toy arrived very quickly (2-3 days at the most).  It was adorable!  Toad is my daughter's favorite character to play on the Mario Kart game and she just loves him.  I love the fact that the toy is not real big because it just makes him a lot more fun to play with.  I would definitely order from this retailer again!
Adorable little England Plushie  This plushie makes a good gift to a 'Axis Powers Hetalia' fan, the plushie's details are very similar to the anime character.  The product came just as described and pictured. No faults or anything torn on the plushie. The shipping was fairly fast, it came within a week of purchase or so. The plushie came in from what I remember a plastic envelope.  The durability of the plushie is most likely like other anime plushies. They will show signs of wear if not taken care of properly. Such wear could be the eyes fading off, hair fabric splitting into two, or just getting plain dirty. Most of these can be easily fixed with a sewing machine or a delicate cycle wash.  Overall, my sister really loves the plushie, and it makes her happy. <:
Top of the line plush!  Top of the line plush!
Love Lund  Really, really nice.  Good quality. Plush. Cute.
Very soft
If your kids love Kirby, they will love this plush toy.  This plush toy is extremely well made.  My 7 year old loves Kirby and it mirrors the image in his game perfectly.
too cute...soft...arrived in timely fashionl
Birthday Girl  Gave this a gift to my little girls who loves it.  She sleeps with it every night.  Bigger than I thought, very surprised at the overall design and quality of the product.
Great toy!  My son is 20 months and has been fascinated with "buckles" since he turned a year.  He loves to buckle car seats, high chairs and anything else he can find!  Thankfully, he doesn't know how to unbuckle yet!  I decided to search Amazon for a "buckle toy" as Amazon has everything!! Well, this "Buster" the buckle toy came up.  While it is a little pricey, my son loves it! I first introduced it during his 18 month check-up at the pediatrician.  The doctor asked me what this toy was and said "I need to buy 10 for the office." He was amazed at how engaged my son was with the toy and it has been a great "life-saver" toy ever since.  We bring it in the car, in restaurants or other places I'd like to keep my son busy and entertained quietly.  Love this toy!
ITEM WAS A GIFT FOR GRANDDAUGHTER SHE LOVED IT.
Adorable!!!  My daughter loves it!
... my daughter a year ago and it's still in great condition after wear and tear  bought this doll for my daughter a year ago and it's still in great condition after wear and tear!
Great toddler busy toy  Bought this for my toddler's first plane ride. She loved it and it kept her busy!
Beautiful doll, Bought it as a Gift to my 4 year old sister.
We watch shark week together every year  This is just the cutest shark plush ever. My son is a huge shark fanatic can't wait to see his face when I give him this. We watch shark week together every year, and every year we hope to see hammerheads. It is a rare thing to see on shark week though but hey can't blame us for trying, right?
Cute  My daughter loves Frozen and this doll talks! It has phrases from the movie
loved them
really cute
... said when presented with the fuzzy facsimile of her favorite pet at my house  As my friend's 2 year-old said when presented with the fuzzy facsimile of her favorite pet at my house, "Guinea Pig Eat Cawwots!".  So true, kid, so true.
I received my order quick and the children loved them.
As described.
Absolutely LOVE it! Well made and arrived quickly!
Quality plush! Just what my daughter was looking for!
just too cute....kind of wish I would have gone one size bigger now
All the kids loved them!  Very cute! All the kids loved them!
Super cute!
Requested by my grandson and he absolutely loves it.
Great Item.  Great item.
My daughter loves Kaito  I purchased this doll for my 10 year old daughter.  She love this character Kaito. I do not recommend this toy for playing, it's more for displaying. This toy is stitch together it can easily become unstitch if played with.  Handle with care.
Bullseye  My 4 1/2 year old LOVES it.  "Big Bullseye Doll" on list for Santa.  Suitable substitute for actual movie-size doll for her age.  An older child may not like the difference.  More like a stuffed animal; but with leather saddle.  Actual movie-size Jessee rides this plush Bullseye doll.
coooooooooool!!
... was given as a gift and made someone very happy.  This was given as a gift and made someone very happy.
Great service & as advertised
Beautiful, her hair is a little green, but the details are very cute.
Love Zombies like my boys love Zombies these are a great "silly" gift. Warm, no support....as a slipper usually doesn't!
Good  Good
dose not hold alot of lose coins but great price
My granddaughter loves her new kitty
Great for Nursing Homes  Got this for my Granny, who was in a nursing home, and it was a big hit! (So much so, that, from what I heard, the staff bought various similar animals for other residents to pass around.) It's very soft, and my grandmother loved its big eyes and its sound. She kept it on her bed every night.  The battery door is a bit hard to find though. I initially had this sent to me (so I could see the product and make sure it worked) and both my husband and I spent some time trying to figure out where exactly the "door" was to get to the batteries (I think there was a switch as well, which as nice. I didn't want the box meowing on its journey.) I sent along instructions for the nurse on where exactly it was located so she wouldn't have to fumble with it. That said, it's obviously covered quite well.  Overall, a great product.
Works great  So cute and just what they wanted. This guy works great and is so cute, well packaged  and entertaining. My 2 year old loves it and can work it just fine.
Adorable little thing. Great quality
He's so soft.  Ordered for my son third birthday party as favors. He's so soft and very easy to hug. Perfect for the little ones.
He's going to love it.  It's small but for a 3 year's hands it's fine.
Funny gift for a Marine  So ugly he's cute.  Perfect gag gift for our son Kyle.
My boys love this book!  Great for air travel! Kept my son content pretty much the whole flight! Also great for improving fine motor skills!
Beautiful unicorn  I looked for a couple of days because my little girl wanted a, and I quote " giagantic unicorn". It wasn't easy took me a lot of browsing until I came across this BIG. Beautiful unicorn. Is so soft and prettier in person you will not regret as we are happy with this purchase and I got a really happy girl with her Christmas wish delivered.
Great! Arrived Quick!!
really cute and good price
Peter Rabbit Keeper  This Peter Rabbit is adorable and the quality is plush.
Super cute!
Great. Everything was perfect !
Great
Awesome  I just love it.
Great quality!  These are great! My grandson loved them. It's hard to find these in stores and he's wanted them for a long time. The quality is excellent, they are in little sealed bags, they have cards printed in Japanese attached. My grandkids were very impressed with that. The seller was excellent to work with. I'll be glad to order from her again.
Cute and nice
Looks nice for my truck keys  It does its job as a key chain. Looks nice for my truck keys.
Dogs favorite toy  My lab absolutely loves the red angry bird! I'm not sure what it is about it but she constantly carries it around. We can't go anywhere without the angry bird. They are a good size and plush. No squeaking! My dog has played with it nearly daily for 8 months and it is still holding up well. I throw it in the wash when it gets dirty.
Just right
Daughter loved it
A Great tool, but have an extra battery  As a professional plumber, the sawzall is my primary tool. Almost every time I do a job, its one of the first tools to come off the truck.  The only trouble was when I do renovation work.  It was always such a pain to drag out the old PC Tigersaw to make a couple of cuts.  Draging it in, finding a plug, pulling an extension cord, all made me think of using a hacksaw.  Not really liking any of the red or yellow corded saws, I was thrilled when PC came out with the cordless saw last year.  I ordered myself one for christmas and took it to work.  Needless to say, I was very happy with it.  It works almost as well as its corded brother with the exception of the short charge.  But if you are cutting more than two batteries worth(I have the drill and saw set too), then you should have pulled out the corded version.
very well made good color and all
love this plush when i got it it is HUGE and well detailed love it
Adorable. What else can I say?
A great cuddly toy  This is a beautiful plush toy. The quality is really high and it actually looks like a manatee. I purchased it for an adult as part of a gift involving supporting manatee rescue and preservation, but it would make a really nice snuggly toy for a child as well.
Daughter loved it!
exactly what i expected
Great doll !!!!!  Loved this doll..the little girl I ordered it for hasn't put it down. We are glad we ordered it for her.
Adorable
My child loved it
It is absolutely adorable!
A great gift  This toy was well crafted and fit my expectations completely. My little brother is an avid monsters university fan and he thoroughly enjoyed this toy.
So soft  Very cute and soft. It came very quickly.
My granddaughter loves this!
Wow! A nightfury!  All my son has been wanting is a Nightfury. We've hunted and hunted and finally came across this little guy. I wasn't sure what to expect when we ordered it, but my son fell in love with it when it arrived. The advertised picture doesn't do it justice, it's really cute and a bit larger than I expected. The fur/skin? has an iridescent quality appropriate for its namesake. It has small details like cloth claws and spikes.  It's not a snuggly plush, it has wires in the wings for posing, but that doesn't stop my son from taking it everywhere. I personally would have found "Toothless" (the dragon) cuter with the "puppy-dog" look from the movie, as opposed to the fearsome pose this one is in, but its not my toy and my son is pleased.
KID FAVORITE  GOT IT TO GO WITH THE BOOK.KIDS LOVED IT.THEY ARE BIG PETE THE CAT FANS.THEY COULD NOT STOP LAUGHING A BIG HIT.
Great for any child who loves Caillou.
Just the right size, good quality, not bad  My daughter loved this when she saw it on TV. I was worried to order due to the other reviews saying how small it was. I think it is not small at all and is the size advertised on TV. I did not want the huge one to begin with, already too many stuffed toys at home. This one was the perfect size. Quality looks good, mine did not have tears or any problems. Overall, it is a nice toy to play with. I think it would be a nice class present. My daughter did not hold interest in it for more than two days. She does play with toys for a long time usually, her Backyardigan stuffed toys were used for three years in a row on a regular basis. I account this to this just being a toy and not being a character, but this still is a nice toy, though overpriced for sure.
Super cute.
Perfect Gift!  I got this Elmo for my nephew for his birthday. He has been on a huge Elmo kick recently and I searched for an Elmo that was the right size, right color, and didn't have a creepy face. This Elmo was a great size for a two year old. He carries it with him nearly everywhere, including car rides and during nap time and Elmo doesn't drag on the floor. This toy is also a great weight, very light, easy to carry for a little kid. Not to mention it is INCREDIBLY soft! I went through many Elmo dolls to find one that was not more of a pink color. This Elmo is a great RED! No low quality pinky undertone. His face is great [no need to worry about a demonic look]. Overall I am VERY pleased with this purchase and definitely recommend it!
I like how there's no loose eyes or nose  Perfectly plush and soft. I like how there's no loose eyes or nose, making it perfect for the one year old I bought it for!
Adorable great gift  Soft and adorable 4 year old niece was thrilled!
My daughter love this!! Thanks
nice quality item is smaller than expected but still "omg  gf loves this, nice quality item is smaller than expected but still "omg! so cute!" according to the recipient.
Big hit with 4 yr old  My 4 yr old granddaughter was into Abby Cadaby and loved this!
Great way to get all your electronics plugged into one power strip  I really like this power strip. It's large and heavy, owing to its metal construction. The outlets are just wall outlets, so they're also high quality. The best thing about it is that the outlets are spaced apart from each other enough that you can fit lots of AC adapter bricks on there with no problem. I've got one of these powering my entertainment center, and it replaced 3 smaller power strips - now I want one for my computer desk!
A little smaller than I would have liked, but still very very nice  A little smaller than I would have liked, but still very very nice.  Great condition, new, soft, adorable.  My son LOVES it.
I love my Grinch  He is so plush and beautiful.  I have him stationed up in my Grinch tree and he is easy to spot.
Love them!
Huge hit with my Grandson.  TY!!
Great product!  Thanks!
LOVE this little pink birdy!  My daughter is a HUGE Angry Birds fan and loves all things plush!  I surprised her with this beautiful pink birdy for Christmas and she was over the moon ... what a great gift!  And seriously, how can you go wrong with a pink birdy version of Princess Leia?!  The bird itself was made well and has so far withstood her love and affection :)
Good price and good quality.
Nice  Came smaller than I expected but its nice.
Bigger than what I thought and my 4 year old loves it!
Awesome toy my grand babies love it
My dog absolutely loves this toy.  Worth every penny
This little guy has kept little hands busy for a very long time.  That is what I wanted!  Busy hands, learning minds makes little grandsons easier to take care of!!
Amazing scented stuffed animal !  I love this scented stuffed animal. I got the bunny which is scented like cotton candy .The smell is great and it has a 2 year scent guarantee. Smaller than I expected but that was my fault for not reading the dimensions. Overall I love it and think its super cute .Would recommend because of the quality and price .
A Wonderful and Cute Diancie Pok Doll!   Got this plush from the Pokmon Center USA website for a much better price,, while the Pokemon Center website has plushies for a very REASONABLE price and the Japanese versions are much more expensive. I honestly prefer this Diancie Pok Doll over the overpriced Large Size Diancie Pok Plush and the cute but not very cute Takara Tomy Diancie plush. The other reason why I prefer this one is that this plush is much cuter than the other two Diancie plushies that I mentioned. I hope to get a Mega Diancie plush in the future to go along with this one as well, but they are much harder to find and much more expensive.  This Diancie plush is soft and shiny. The shininess comes from her beautiful pink diamonds. And her softness comes from the minky fabric that was used to make the skin of this plush. This plush is in very good quality. The only problem that I have with Diancie is that her dress was a little bent. It happened to my Delphox plush and my Fennekin plush, but only on their facial tufts.  Keep in mind that both USA and Japanese versions of this plush are the same model, but they are sold in different countries.  This Diancie plush is a true gem and I would recommend this to any Fairy-type Pokmon fan, or any Diancie fan in general!
It seems to be extremely high quality and looks exactly like the one in the photo  Received this as a gift for Christmas. It seems to be extremely high quality and looks exactly like the one in the photo. It also matches the fox character from the Little Prince movie perfectly, except that the eyes on the plush are black buttons while the fox's eyes in the movie are blue, but that doesn't make a huge difference. I love it!
Very cute!  Adorable bunny
Very good quality
Toys will be toys  It is what it's supposed to be. A toy. My son loves it.
but it arrived on time and in perfect condition and my daughter absolutely loves it  Price is a little  high for the size of the plush  backpack clip, but it arrived on time and in perfect condition and my daughter absolutely loves it.
Excellent
Order came as promised and animal was cute!
its big and nice I highly  It is very pleasant to me, its big and nice I highly recommend
My son loves it!  It just took to  long to be delivered
Adorable and great quality. Great gift for studio ghibli fans
It is extremely high quality and my friend loved it.  Will purchase the rest of the officially licensed dolls.
Perfect little gift
the monster of caerbanog in your hands ! Bites hard but if you are one of the chosen then it might let himself be touched by you.
Perfect size for a kid  Perfect size for a kid. I was worried that it wouldn't meet expectations. But it was perfect for the price
great decoration  My mom loves it!! she Loves stuff like this!! I' glad I got her it.. she was really happy :D
Made my girl happy that's all that mattered
Cute toy  Bought this for my bro who is a sailor moon fan. He was really happy to receive this toy.  Item came in as described and in great condition.
I love it  My daughter loves her Pikachu.  Carries it everywhere.
Thank you!!!!!!
Awesome  Arrived way earlier than the predicted date. Was in excellent condition. The toy is ridiculously cute and it was perfect for my friend's birthday present!
Adorable  Adorable! My 2 year old plays with them year round. Well made and easy to clean!
Pablo is Loved  My girlfriend Loved it. She named him Pablo
Great quality! It looks realistic and cute. Shipped faster than estimated.
So pretty.  Love.  Made very welll
Versatile toy  My 2 year old grandson loved it and figured out the colors went together and my 3 year old grand daughter also enjoyed connecting the latches. A good toy for he car.
Good quality.  My niece absolutely adores all of her Pokemon plush animals. Good quality.
Arrived as expected, on time with no issues.  What more could a guy want?!
cute
Enjoyable!
These are great.  I should be noted that they a have a weird key chain on their heads.  Not sure what thats for since they are way to big to be a key chain.  Anyway, I just cut it off and the baby loves them.
My Granddaughter loved them!!
Great elf  I like this elf on a shelf package because you can switch the elf from a boy to a girl just by changing the clothes. The face is very sweet and the elf's face seems to follow the children around the room.
Great purchase
I got it at Walmart and it is awesome. I'm kind of picky with these plushes,but this one made the cut. Tomy is the best pokemon plush retailer yet! Its ears are so fluffy!!!!!!! Sorry this isn't helpful. This is meant for Fennekin so if your on a different item and you see this it must be a glitch
This toy is awesome  my daughter  love him . I can't  feel  my legs .
Yes
Loved it.  So cute. Loved it.
Good!!!
Attention Getter!  Big visible eyes, bright red and it is Elmo!  Our baby adores this toy!  Smiles whenever he sees it and loves to take it along for the adventures.
It's been dropped and banged up pretty good and it's still going  My son loves it. It's been dropped and banged up pretty good and it's still going.
Pokemon  My grandson carries this with him almost everywhere and proudly introduces it to any one who will listen to him.
Good product
Our son's favorite companion  Our son loves to snuggle with his mini Llama Llama stuffed animal.  It's the perfect size.  I thought it might be too small after reading other reviews, but for a 2-year old, I think the size is perfect.  If your child likes the Llama Llama series, they'll love this.
So Cute! Just as Expected!
my niece love it!  So soft and cute! my niece love it!
Exactly as advertised  Arrived as scheduled and my great grand daughter loves it.
Foxy is awesome!  My granddaughter is nuts over Five Nights at Freddy's. Her favorite character is Foxy. When Foxy arrived we couldn't believe how soft and plush Foxy was. At 10" she is just the right size to cuddle with. If you like Freddy's you will love this plushy.
Very good quality  Very good quality compared to some other plush toys I have ordered online. My grandson loved it!
The best
Adorable, soft, and great size  I purchased this for my kids and their cousins and everyone was super excited to get one. It's cute, soft, and the perfect size for little kids who love plush toys. I love it so much I have thought of getting one for myself.
Love it so cute!
Too cute! Fast delivery. Thanks.
My husband was very happy!!  So cute !!! Fast shipping!!! My husband was very happy!!
He loved it.  Bought for nephew. He loved it.
Too cute  I bought this for a Christmas shoebox gift. It was incredibly cute. I have no doubt the little one who got this for Christmas was delighted!
Nice addition  Daughter loves it.  She had received several plants plush and I had to buy her a few zombies to allow her to play.  The plush seem well made.  Price was right.
READ THIS NOW  MY SON LUV IT PERFECT  HE PLAYS WITH IT LAY WITH IT ETC THE SIZE IS GREAT ONLY THING HIS HEAD WAS KINDA OUTTA SHAPE,I FEEL THE REASON FOR THIS IS BECAUSE OF PACKAGING OTHER THEN THAT I LIKE
Fantastic little critter!!!  Bought this as a birthday gift. I love it!!! So cute and cuddly! Pretty sure the birthday girl will love it!!
Very Cute Plush, a MUST-BUY for FNAF Fans!  Bought this for me and my Sister. This item is very high in quality and looks amazing and adorable. As a FNAF fan, i've been trying to get my hands on these forever, trying to collect them all as they come. This plush is very fun to play with and cuddle with and hug with, and do everything with. It's a must-buy for FNAF fans. There are absolute NO flaws in this product. Very high quality, very cute.
Nice  Nice you. Squeaks and my kids love holding the rings
Cute little stuffed animals!  Got this for my 7 year old grandson when he watched a tv show about red pandas. He loves them and shares the little one with his little sister. Great product!
We love woody!  Woody is perfect!  I knew he wasn't new with tags and that was fine by us! We don't keep tags on toys anyways. My son loves toy story, so this was perfect.  Great price and fast shipping!  Thank you!
Thank you!!!!!!
Very nice, and soft! Great size to snuggle! My son loves him!
the best character  because of the numbers on his chest, just as their television program does it has allowed a 27 month-old child the ability to count to 16 backwards and forward, identify all shapes and colors
Good Buy!  This scale works great.  Fast and accurate.  Good price.  And a Cusinart.  How can you go wrong?
simply put there are HOURS of fun to be had with this  Everybody needs one of these.  simply put there are HOURS of fun to be had with this.
Great!  Really fun toy. Lots to work on, perfect for hooking into the stroller. My 16 month old daughter loves it.
Replacement Panasonic Handset  We had to replace one of the handsets, as our puppy ate it.  This was a perfect replacement.  Set-up was rather easy.  We have had this one for several months, and it is working great.
My son loved it!
Perfect much prettier than the picture
My nieces loved them.  I ended up buying 2
Worth it  It was in great condition, and worth it!
Nice quality.  My son loves it and it's the perfect addition for his Ash Ketchum costume for halloween.  Great size for a 9 year old to carry around, will fit easily in his backpack, too!
lottso bear  really nicely made,super soft,very large-My Grandson will  love him-He is so nice I am thinking of getting one for my son
Nagini  This LARGE snake is great! We use it as our Nagini for Harry Potter parties.
Love Boo  This dog is absolutely adorable.  I spent over $20 at the shore to win it in the cranes (which are fixed) but my daughter wanted me to keep trying.  Needless to say I came home and found it here much much cheaper lol.  My daughter is going to love it when she finally gets it at holiday time.  Very fast shipping.
Van Gogh is her favorite artist. She loved it  Purchased for my wife. Van Gogh is her favorite artist. She loved it. Made well.
Super Cute chippy  So cute looks just like picture and a real chipmunk this is my 3rd Hansa stuffed animals I have 2 of the squirrels also. As with the 2 other Hansa stuffed animals I have this one is also made very well and looks real. I may buy more animals in the future. Their a little expensive but well made and worth it if you want real looking animals.
So cute.  Awesome sauce.
FLUFFYYYYYYYY  very cute and fluffy good stuffed hippo great for people who love hippos or little kids came in on time and in excellent condition
So plushy!!
... ship from japan but including shipping $12 is a great price.  it took a while to ship from japan but including shipping $12 is a great price.
Sister loves it  My sister is the biggest minecraft fan you'll ever find and I got this for her for Christmas and she never lets it go
child loved it. thanks!
Had to replace one my daughter lost and is her favorite stuffed animal  Genuine Disney product!  Had to replace one my daughter lost and is her favorite stuffed animal.  It was exactly as her old one.  Saved us lots of tears!
Very pleased, item showed up looking exactly like the picture.  Looks exactly as pictured and is cuddle size for any small child. Perfect.
Made my 2 yr olds day!  He literally freaked out yelling "Sully! Sully!"  Hugged him and sleeps with him every night.  It's a good size and can sit up.  It's his favorite thing right now.
Good seller! Kids love toys!
Nephew's 1st Cody was loved very much  Nephew's 1st Cody was loved very much, so much his stuffing came out. (He likes to wrestle Cody,) We did sew him up tho. We now have Cody 2, and he's just for snuggle time! Great learning toy, nephew loves that the Cody's know his name!! We also have Violet for his sister, and she is in love as well!!!
My grandson loved the little monkey. does not have a child who can resist one of these
Great toy  Perfect for my daughter to play and learn with
Well made. My daughter loves it. (She is 4, and thinks that only fairy tale is Anime. Anime has to have Natsu apparently.)
Price  Loved it
Awesome  So fluffySoft! Would totally reccomend it!
not your typical stuffed animal toy  nice quality , bendable neck, soft and furry body. Well made.
Cute for kids  It's cute, it's Mickey. Kids will enjoy it!
It is from FROZEN that says it all
Great cable !  I bought the 50 foot of the same brand , and ran both up 2 floors , for 2 seperate installs . Very good quality cable , and i would buy again .
Awesome!!  Awesome wampa complete with detachable arm and best sound effects!!
Super soft and not too big to be a lovey for my 15 month old.
winnie the pooh  Love winnie the poo9h.  This was such a nice size and very nicely made.
Adorable plush cow  This Taggies plush toy cow is adorable!  It's the perfect size for little hands.  It's very soft with no rough edges and nothing to come loose for the baby to choke on.  This will keep your little one entertained and become their new best friend.  My granddaughter loves it!
Best Mario plush for my boys!
My girls love these! We got the pink hair and turquoise hair ones, and they play with them all the time (ages 4 & 7). The are nicely made and are really cute. They are shaped/constructed so that they can sit in sitting-position on the floor easily while playing. Fun toy and cute to have lying around. 
Made them both happy.  I ordered this very soft Mario plush, for my son to give his father for fathers day. Being they play Mario video games all the time. It was something special for him. Made them both happy.
My five month old baby loves this toy!
She was totally in love. At her request  My 6-y-o niece wanted a cheetah stuffed animal. Bonus points for a cheetah CUB. And don't mix it up with a leopard or a jaguar; she WILL know the difference. (Thanks, WildKratts!) When she opened this mama/cub pair, it was all over. She was totally in love. At her request, we carefully separated the two (sewn together with a single string), and she carried them around all day long. Perfect for the aspiring veterinarian in your life.
He is so sweet. Super cutie puppy I love it  He is so sweet. Super cutie puppy I love it. :)
Child loves it, plays with it all the time
Like  I got this for my nephew and he love it. It is the perfect size and perfect price. I would defiantly reccomend this purchase.
My son loves it!
solid.  solid beefy 6pt. awesome wrench.
Nice Toy for Minecraft Kid  Nice toy. Pretty durable. Bigger than i expected. My daughter loved it. She has been playing with it daily for a few weeks, and it hasn't fallen apart.
Great miniatures! Excellent detail and durability. Light weight compared to metal minis but not too light. Will buy more.
Plush Sulley  This is such a fluffly stuffed toy, my daughter loved it! It's also an appropriate size for kids to hold and be able to move around with. One of her favourites....
Sweet Latias  This is a great recreation of Latias. One of the sweetest Pokemon of all!!
Was a big hit for the kido we bought it for.
So soft and cute!!!  So soft and cute!!!! My friend's little girl loves it so much!!! Even I can't help falling in love with it!!! Bought another one for myself LOL!
Very Happy  My 6 year old loves Monsters Inc. This stuffy is nice and large, well made, beautiful colors. Nice quality.
Yay
starwars  You should ask yourself do i really need this....Why yes..I do. I love my angry birds star wars collection.  Can't wait to complete the set with Yoda !  Chewbacca. He's so furry!. Love it!
Tink!  Cute. :) Kiddo likes it.
Lost without it!  I am a female church custodian. This tool goes to work with me EVERY DAY! I don't mind carrying it in my pocket because it's light weight and small. It has all the essential tools I need. I LOVE the scissors and the knife! I was worried about the fact that the blade was not a lock back but it has never folded on me unexpectedly yet. The tools snap into place and stay there till you put them away. The pliars are strong and have done all the task I've put them to with ease. I simply love it!!
Highly recomended by a 2 1/2yr old.  Ordered for my niece and it was better than Christmas morning! She didn't know what to do with herself when she realized it was Peppa and George. Very soft and comfortable for a little one to handle. I am ordering another set for my other niece. Thanks, you made a little girl very happy.
Good product
The softest plush ever! I literally want to carry it everywhere!
Hilarious! Amazing!  My husband is a zombie fanatic. Anything that has to do with zombies, he loves. I found this little gem whilst looking for stocking stuffers and had to get it for him! While it kind of freaks out my toddlers, it is never ending hilarity for my husband and I. It still makes us laugh every time we dismember it and put it back together in different ways. Super awesome.
excellent condition my son is going to get this as a Christmas gift he loves sven from the frozen movie
Cute and good quality!  Very cute toy! Good quality!
One of his favorite toys.  My 18 month loves this toy.  He has a hard time matching the colors, but he matches by buckle type.  One of his favorite toys.
My daughter was so happy to receive her binoo  My daughter was so happy to receive her binoo! It was much larger than I expected. The material reminded me of a soft towel. It shipped to our APO in Gemany pretty quick as well. I think it took about two weeks and it arrived before Christmas and before the projection date.
My son love this toy  Thank you for fast delivery. My son love this toy.
found this here with great price. Nice souvenir  Saw this when I was in Vegas, didn't get it there because I thought it was a bit pricey. Luckily, found this here with great price. Nice souvenir!
Perfect
My niece loved this cuddle toy
Bullet Bill  Awesome item.  Just as described.  My sone absolutely loves it and uses it as a key chain. The Bullet Bill is super cute.
Keeps my daughter busy!
The zipper is his favorite activity!  My child loves his new toy! The zipper is his favorite activity!
My granddaughter loves it.
The doll looks just like the posting  I purchased this Caillou Plush Doll  a wile ago for my grandson age 2. The doll looks just like the posting. My grandson enjoy the Caillour Plush Doll and he watch Caillou every day  Kim J  October 24, 2015  Philadelphia PA
Got this for my son to sleep with, and he absolutely loves it! We are all big fans of the series, and now he has his very own toothless to cuddle up to! Thank you so much!!!
Too cute! Fast delivery. Thanks.
Loves it!
fav  my niece liked this croc its her fav toy
My daughter loved getting this in the mail after we saw the movie.  He really smells like cotton candy.
the kids love it
Loved this product. It was a little smaller than I had anticipated but overall a good product
My son loves these toys.
5 stars  fast shipping. great quality! i love it!
Received as expected - child loved the gift and now has a buddy for his other stuffed snowman.
Perfect size and fast delivery. I love it 
adorable
My grandaughter sreamed  My grandaughter screamed! Need I say more?
It is very cute. there was no problems with it.
It was perfect for the gift I gave  It is about 8 inches high and 6 inches wide.  It was perfect for the gift I gave!!!
Cute  For kids who love Kirby...it is a great addition to go with the video game.  I bought it with the Wii game for Christmas.
Fast and well made  Arrived within a week,and is actually quite larger than I thought it would be,very fluffy and comfortable,an amazing gift
ADORABLE!! LOVE WALTER!!! AAAAAAA++++  I ALREADY OWN ONE & GOT ANOTHER FOR MY OLDER SON TO ONLY FIND OUT HE LIKES KERMIT & REFERS TO WALTER AS HIS YOUNGER BROTHER...LOL
Sadness is the best.  Adorable.
great product
Love the Personalization!  When we received Cora the Smart Cub, we played around with her already built-in features before hooking her up to the computer to personalize. While she was fun before, she is so much more awesome after customizing! I love how she greets my daughter by name in the morning and then helps her get ready for bed at night. My daughter gets so excited when Cora talks to her and she loves playing with the heart button. We have only had Cora the Smart Cub for a couple of weeks, but she has been so much fun to play with! The only thing I wish was different was the length of the USB cable that she comes with, it is a bit on the short side.
Love this toy!  My grandson is really too young to be able to buckle the buckles, but he is absolutely fascinated with this toy and takes it everywhere with him. I am sure that as he gets older and can actually open and close the buckles he will love it even more.
Perfect Toy for the Pokemon Fan  This made a certain 6 year old boy very happy. I was generally smaller than I imagined but is perfect for a young child to cuddle. It didn't have any funky odor and arrived relatively quickly.
love it.  Bought this for my dog. Its so big in comparison to her, (shes a yorkie) she loves it though. Had it over a year now and the sound still works on it. cute soft, doesn't get really dirty. its great.
Must Have for Babys' Nursery  Beatrix Potters' Collectible Peter Rabbit is animated and a total delight to our granddaughter who coos and smiles with joy.  It's animated and recites childrens' rhymes.  We are looking forward to lovely playtime for hours and hours.  A great asset to any baby nursery, but, especially wonderful for grandparents to share!
So cute!  Our Grandson got this for his birthday along with Bowser! He loves these Mario Toys..He's 6 and we got him 5 of the Mario "Bad Guys" as he calls them for his birthday!
Very delicate.
Murlocs!!!!!!
Good toy.  My 22 month old loves practicing his "buckles".  Definitely keeps them engaged.
My LO loves this toy. Helping her work on concentration.  My daughter is in the buckle phase. She used to sit for hours in her high chair buckling herself and asking us to unbuckle her, over and over. Now...there is a whole 5-10 minutes between each buckle and unbuckle request! She loves this little guy. Fast delivery and fun idea.
I love this dinnerware  I own the 16 pc place setting and have added many of the accessories of this dinnerware over the years and love it.  Timeless and classic in design and so much more formal looking than the tree design by Spode.  I use this set everyday during the holiday season.  The look is beautiful and festive but it is also durable and dishwasher safe.  I need to add some cereal/soup bowls to my collection next.
My daughter loves it
My Elmo-obsessed 16-month old loves it :)
Adorable  Cutest little Stitch ever! Great quality. Good size. It is very soft.
Adorable  Bought for my 5 month old granddaughter.  She is enjoying it.  Loves touching the different textures and smiles at the face.  It is very soft and comforting.  It stays in her crib at my house.  I have found her touching it many times when I go to pick her up after a nap.
Loveable little ladybug!  Loveable little ladybug!
Adorable!  Perfect! Came earlier than expected and was in pristine condition. And it's so cute :3 I might get another one for my friend! We love Blastoises. And pokemon in general.
My 2 yr old granddaughter loves this toy!
love it
Adorable! Soft soft and cuddly  Adorable!  Soft soft and cuddly!
nintendo/mario perfection again!  This took some time to arrive, you know, it had to be shipped half way round the world.  But, it did arrive on time, by the estimated delivery date, and I'm so thrilled now that it's here!!  We've purchased quite a lot of nintedo plush dolls over the past six years for our children.  We always buy the dolls by Sanei or Little Buddy and they are always exactly what we're looking for.  The quality of materials and construction are always top notch, as well.  Our children couldn't be happier with their latest addition of Pokey!
purple unicorn  Granddaughter wanted a purple unicorn for Christmas. As with most Mattel (Barbie) items it was good quality & the price was reasonable.
Toy ok, blanket awesome  Huge hit with the 4 year old, didn't realize the blanket and doll do not reattach but cute nevertheless, she loved it.
Used it for Halloween. Very Cute.
Walter! :D  Out of all the Muppets, Walter is the one I seem to connect with the most. So, I'm so glad I decided to pick this up, because it's perfect. It looks so much like the actual puppet, and it's a really nice size for the price. I love it so much, and I couldn't recommend it enough.
Son loved it
Plush and soft like the other Bunnies By the Bay  Hes so ugly, hes cute!!! Plush and soft like the other Bunnies By the Bay. My little one loves it. After seeing it in person at a local store, we searched Amazon to find it substantially cheaper.
As advertised  Just what the kid wanted
Adorable  My two year old loved it. It ships from Germany so expect about a two week wait
Great for Zelda fans  Looks exactly as pictured.
Princess Poppy!  Poppy is super cute! :) She has bright, friendly eyes, a sweet little smile, and of course, lots of fuzzy pink hair! She looks exactly like she does in the movie trailers we've seen....you almost expect her to come to life, singing, dancing, and giving/receiving hugs at any moment! She's also very soft and filled with very light, squishy filling that's perfect for hugging. She's also been thru the washer and dryer at least once, and has fared well in both, as long as she was put in a bag first (the paper swing tag that accompanies the plush says the same). She's also on the small side and more or less portable - she would probably fit reasonably well in a shoulder bag or backpack (although I haven't yet taken her places the way I have with the Cooper plush). Poppy is also durable and well-made. Oh, and her little arms are also soft and floppy, so that they can easily be brought forward when it's "Hug Time!" :)  I'm very pleased with both plushies of Poppy and Cooper- so much in fact, that a Branch plushie is on his way as well (we can't have Poppy be lonely, after all)!
Excellent!
Tepig is ready to cute his way into your home for Christmas  The cute fire-type of the trio of starters, Tepig has a lot of detail and is ready for the holidays. The plush like any officially licensed Pokemon plush is very well made and fits together with both other Pokemon collections and Christmas decorations. The Pokeball has a bell which is just a nice extra touch when you go to move Tepig to get you into the holiday season.
Great to throw at others, and make them fear the dark side of the force!
looks exactly like the picture  Extremely well made, looks exactly like the picture. Very worth the price.
Looks Just as Pictured  Although it is small it is very soft and well put together. It seems sturdy enough for everyday handling but I would be wary of handling by hyperactive children. The tag attached to the moogle comes with a humorous warning that echos such sentiments: "Please refrain from handling this product in a violent manner."
This is the cutest stuffed animal i have ever seen! My kids are absolutely going to love it! I am saving it for Easter to add to there goodies and I know there are going to love it although i am sure that my 2yr old will try to ride it LOL. I was so glad to get this complimentary and give my honest and true opinions. I think this is a great value for the price because normally larger stuffed animals cost alot.
OMG OMG OMG I love it!!!
Adorable, well-built trike!  We bought this for our 20 month-old at Christmas.  He is 33" tall and can reach the pedals well.  He is just learning how to pedal and make the trike move without always being pushed.  It's a well-built, stylish trike that I can see our son using, as well as our 2nd baby on the way.  Worth the money!
C3PO - A delight.  C3PO is a total delight. His stitching is very impressive and overall he is exceptionally well made. I bought him as a Christmas present for my daughter, (a grown woman) who will fall in love with him. He's magical!!
It is adorable and has such a cute face! Excellent craftsmanship. I also just purchased Squirtle!
Great grab for the price  Bought this for my wife as a get well gift and it did not disappoint :)
<3  love my gamachan ! super cute !
Granddaughter loves this
One of the few unscary Elmo's out there  I decided to order this Elmo for my 20 month old son mainly because it was one of the few that didn't have a slightly psychotic expression on his face. All of the others seemed to. There are 3 reasons I like this Elmo:  1) There is a reason this one pulls off a more agreeable smile: It is because the mouth is flat (doesn't open and close). I was slightly disappointed by this when I first took it out of the box because it was not what I was expecting, but quickly realized that that is what makes it look happier than the rest.  2) I thought the eyes were plastic, which was going to be a drawback for me, but they turned out to be material, which will be nicer for my son. One eye is slightly cross-eyed, but I think I can slightly train it into a better shape with my hands. It's already looking a little better.  3) The one thing I just love about this Elmo is that it is made of super-soft material. Along with the soft eyes, this is going to be a very cuddly Elmo, so I think my son will like it a lot.
Just too cute  Typical good quality construction that I have come to expect from the Ty Beanie Baby line. I started collecting Hello Kitty beanie babies when I'd run across them accidentally in a store, but I am almost doomed because Amazon carries so many more. This review will appear in my other HK BB reviews as well.
My nephew just loved it
Expressive face  This cute deer is more substantial than expected--about 15 inches long, 10 inches high (to the top of the antlers) and the body is about 4 inches across. It arrived in perfect condition, and is well made. The face is very sweet and expressive. A nice toy for an amazing price.
My 8 year old son loves them. They all came in perfect condition and I can't say a bad thing about them.
Great Sawhorses.  I've had a pair of the 30" Stablemate Sawhorses at least 10 years now and paid $60. with $10 shipping. They are pricey now but they do last.
Very cute plush!  This is a very cute Olaf Plush!  I bought it for my daughter because she wanted a puppet to snuggle with at night.  It arrived in great condition and was actually larger than I thought it would be which was a pleasant surprise!  Olaf is very sturdy and will last a long time.  I would recommend this puppet for any  little Olaf fan!!
It was a bit smaller than expected but it's adorableness made up for that  I rate it 5 stars because of its arrival on time
Lots of fun for the kids and really well made  My kids love this. Its the perfect size and is very well made.  Its well thought, easy to clean and the kids just love it.  The 'dino' cover comes off if you need to clean it and the actual inflatable and the handles are quite tough and will not puncture easily, even with lots of sharp toys on the floor.
What so the size of axew
Pretty & well made  Cute and well made
Wonderful product for the price!
My favorite face wash!!!  I have been using this product for a few years.  All of a sudden, I couldn't find it at any stores!!  Luckily, I found it on line.  I'm so grateful you stock this and PRAY that you continue to do so!!  The products on the shelves don't even compare to this one.  Please keep stocking!  Thanks a bunch!
This is a great little Chef Rat!  I purchased this item for a Harvest Party where we dressed as Characters out of Ratatouille.  I also had plush figures to round out the event.  I had several Ratatouille plush characters and this was one of them and it worked great and still looks good a year later!
Great toy.  Exactly as described.  My child (who is obsessed with Zelda) loves it.  She's 11.
Awesome...great for art teachers and art lovers!  I don't know whether the description explains, but the monkey velcros on and off...which is a great detail. This is well made (the butt is weighted so it won't fall over on your shelf.) Actually, I have 7 of these dolls (all artists), for my classroom. I made them a little apartment of "studio spaces" with easels of major works. My elementary art students LOVE LOVE LOVE them. They are a HUGE hit with the K-6 set, especially Frida!  I'm just waiting for them to make a Georgia O'Keefe. Don't hesitate, this is totally worth the money.
Adorable  So cute! We love these! Arrived super fast, we Will order again
Luna plushie  I originally bought this for myself (along with Artemis) but instead I gifted it to my friend who is also a big fan of Sailormoon. She loved it :)
Was a great gift.  She won't sleep without it!  I purchased this for my niece's first birthday.  I remember having a glow worm as a kid and I loved it.  I was hoping that things haven't changed too much.  The gift was a hit!  This has become my nieces favorite toy.  She won't go to sleep without it.  Packaging is not fancy at all.  It arrives in a plain brown box.  This is fine if you're giving it to your own child, but as a gift I was a little hesitant.  The toy itself is a great product, but I was afraid that presenting it with the plain box made it seem somehow cheap.  So I picked up a nicer box from the store and rapped the glow worm in that box.  I felt much better about the gift after switching boxes.
Great item!  brought this toy with 3 others. They arrived very fast. My children love them a lot! However, the clip is made from cheap plastic and may be pulled off from the puffle so be careful!
Good quality, real Disney or appears to be.  Much faster shipping than promised.
Really Cute
Great it toy  My daughter loves it!!!!! Not overly expensive or to technical. It's got shapes, colors, numbers and a little pouch to carry small things. Overall great buy!
Huge hit for 3 year old's birthday! Articulating neck was also a plus.
Perfect hat!
Great product!  Perfect for my son! He met Sadness at Disney World and he loves her! I was mildly concerned that the glittery looking hair would come off (son is autistic and does not like things on his skin that won't come off like glitter does). Pleased that this was glittery threads more than glitter. No problems.
Cute and soft.
my friend loved it for her birthday  Very soft, my friend loved it for her birthday.
So soft!  This winnie the pooh stuffed animal is so soft and adorable. I can't wait for my daughter to open it at Christmas.
love it
My granddaughter loved it. Made well  My granddaughter loved it. Made well, shipped on time also! It was a gift for her 1st birthday. Her daddy is a firefighter.
ANOTHER ONE THAT MY GRANDSON LOVES, SLEEPS WITH ALL OF THEM!
Perfect!  Just what I was looking for.  Xmas gift for one year old grandson. I did not want any buttons, etc for him to pull off. So soft and cuddly
Great!  Cute for a great price! Pressed the button and he started talking didn't need to go buy batteries. Got it way faster then expected.
Big and adorable! The person loved their gift
Soft and a perfect size  This Pooh Bear is soft and the perfect size for my son; or it will be. He is only 1 month old so right now it is just about the same size as him but I wanted a stuffed animal he could grow with. My first stuffed animal was a Pooh Bear about the same size and I still have it on a self in my closet. I am very glad I ordered this one. When my husband and I were at Disney this past November I looked to buy one for him there but they were all made out of this weird fuzzy material that I knew wouldn't last.
Great price. Used as decor and in a game- pass the peppa ( like hot potato) at 2 year olds party.
Great toy!  Great plush toy! Nice size good quality.
This was a gift from my 6 year old to our newborn for Christmas, we love it! It's so unbelievably soft and seems like it would be easy to hold for a little one. Our little one seems to like it and I know it will be a well loved toy!
Love this moisturizer!  This is such a unique product.  You put it on your skin in the shower and then rinse it off.  It leaves your skin smooth and soft, just as you would expect from Olay and it smells great too.  Love it!
Daughter loves it!  Bought this as a birthday present for my 11 year old daughter, who is a big fan of all of the Animal Crossing games.  She loves it.  It is a very realistic and well-made plush of the popular KK Slider character in this video game series.  It was a little smaller than I expected, and I wish all of these Animal Crossing plushes were about half of their current price (the $10 range would make them MUCH more appealing than the current $20 price range).  Because of the price, I won't be buying a lot of them, but this one was worth it.
So perfect, I am writing my first review in years !  Of all the princesses, my 4 year old LOVES Belle but since it's been a long time since Beauty and the Beast was released, Belle stuff isn't easy to find. Her birthday is coming up and I wanted to get her something special. I was a kid who loved dols and she is beginning to get into the. She loves to sleep with her dolls so i needed something soft. I read the reviews about this doll so I bought it. I recieved it yesterday and it is GORGEOUS !!! I want to give it to her right now just to see her face but I have to wait for her birthday. The stitching is solid. She comes complete with a beautiful yellow dress and her hair is as soft as a puppies ear !! If you have a little princess at home who loves Belle, THIS IS THE ONE !!!
He loved it  Great purchase
Love  2.5 yr old loves him!!!
Princess PERFECT!  Cute plush!  Well made and soft.  Must have for Mario fans!  Great item!  Fast shipping!  Great seller!  Thanks!
Excellent!  Excellent!
So glad I bought this toy  I got this toy for my 17 month old as an Early Christmas present because she has been wild about buckling and unbuckling her booster seat chair straps.  Her and her 3 year old brother are CRAZY about this! They call it "buggie" and they love how bright and colorful it is. The buckles are very well-made and vary in degrees of difficulty. She is able to buckle 4 of the 5 straps (with much effort - this toy keeps her busy for 15 to 20 minutes at a time).  My 3 year old easily buckles and unbuckles but still enjoys playing with the toy for several minutes at a time. There are also numbers on each of the little feet, and each foot is a different color so this can facilitate a lot of educational conversation about the toy. Very soft and cuddly and interesting to look at. 5 star sensory experience.
I love these cute plush dolls  I love these cute plush dolls. I bought them for my daughters, they are of very good quality and the good size for 1 and 3 years old girls. They are soft but still look cute. Definitely, recommend them for young girls loving Princess Sofia the first.
adorable!  these little elf's spent the holidays on a shelf & they're just the cutest!
This is adorable! It holds a lot of change and looks very cute.
The real deal  This character is the real deal. Product looked exactly like picture shown. Package arrived on time, in one piece, & it made a wonderful gift for my son.
Perfect!
Great presents for my new nephews! They loved getting more to add to their collection!!
He's cute. My son is obsessed with Home and loves these toys.
MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT
Hilarious!!!!
Adorable!
Cute. As described.
Good battery  Bought this to use with my E-P1.  Works great.  Seems to last just as long as the Olympus battery.  There are so many generic BLS1 batteries available on Amazon.  This one seems like the one to buy.  Zero issues.
It looks much better than the picture shown of the product  My daughter loves it. It looks much better than the picture shown of the product
Baby's First Cthulu!  Every little kid needs their own Elder God; this little guy fits the bill! Little Cthulu came neatly packaged and is a wonderful addition to the toy pile of any geek's child.
This is definitely smaller than what I thought it was, about the size of my hand. But it is really cute
Great Funny, Hilarious Sound!  Most of the fun of this gag is the sound the monkey makes! It's too funny and flies well over 50 feet with his bungee arms! My kids LOVE THIS THING! Thanks!! You can even make up games with it by shooting him into buckets/baskets etc!
Best present ever!  Awesome sauce! Couldn't find this anywhere, but I found it here! The child I got it for will absolutely love it!
Plant vs Zombies.....My 5 year old nephew picked this guy out himself. He loves it!!
Quality good for price  So cute. Arrived ahead of schedule. Quality good for price.
The grant daughter loved it!  What can I say? The grant daughter loved it!
Cuter than any kid!!  They don't come any cuter than this!!! Larger than expected which was a bonus!
Huge Hit!  My 3 year old grandson loved his new plush Mike. Makes for a wonderful way to keep the "other" monsters away at bedtime.
Cuddly :)  Feels great to hug Jake when I am alone and think that everyone else is a zombie.
Super cool! Loved it! Simple, but perfect for MP fans!
Mega evulotion  Since my daughter loves mega evulotion and she loves Mewtwo she chose this one. She says this toy is very Cudly,soft and adorable disclosing the part were it came from Hong Kong.
Buy this product!  My grandma and grandpa bought this for me for Christmas and I am 6. I am a collector of stuffed animals and a fan of Pokmon. It is one of my favorite Pokmon stuffed animals.
... fascinated with buckles and straps and this was the perfect toy for him  My son has always been fascinated with buckles and straps and this was the perfect toy for him!
Arrived on time & as described.
Nice quality, Grandson loves it.
Bought for my little brother and came as expected - he loves it!
What can I say?  It's a giant stuffed Pikachu ... my 8 year old loves it.  It doesn't make noise (other than the noises my son makes on its behalf), it doesn't light up, it is just a big squishy stuffed Pikachu.  He loves it, so I like it too ... and it doesn't make noises, so it's a win for both of us.
Kids love it!  Great in my classroom!
yay awesome
Love them!
Furby Boom  The Furby itself was made of high quality and worked great.  I'm a member of Amazon Prime so I received it rather quickly.  My granddaughter loved it and you can download a free App to add more features to the Furby.
A new fav stuffed animal  My little one sleeps with this every night. The best thing about it is that it is the right size to easily carry around.
My child likes it very much.
we loved it
Fine
After looking around for a few days, we finally found a Charmander plush.  The plush is very good quality and is true in image to the original Pokemon.  It seems to be very well made and has endured numerous Pokemon "battles" with out 6-year old.  The Charmander rarely leaves his side  and has been dropped, thrown, stepped on, kicked, and hugged and has shown very little wear.
They make great decorative pillows for little ones beds!
Zombies have velcrow at their seems, good to know!  Picked this up for a holiday gift.  Reading the reviews and the description, I couldn't figure out how the appendages attached.  Just in case anyone else is wondering, it's the magic of VELCRO!  Pretty neat little toy, would be fun to have another one.
Buy this cute toy! Your kids will love it.  My 9 year old daughter is crazy over this. I am glad I purchased this. Really cute and of good quality.
Just adorable  I can't really say more about this..doll... ITS ADORABLE... and well worth the price...GOTTA CATCH EM ALL!!! COOLEST POKEMON EVER
My son loves these two!
Two for one  Got this item just for sunscreen spf and after using it for a while, I noticed my skin was soft and not flaky. I got the spf protection  I wanted ( skin cancer runs in the family), and the bonus of soft skin. Since I used it mainly on my face, neck and arms,when I later went for my facial, the facialist said my skin was in great condition. Good to know.
My daughter loves it.
LOVE!!  Exactly what I wanted!!! He is so cute and in perfect condition. I wish he was a little but softer but overall I am very happy with this item!!
Got for my grandson for his birthday and he loves it and play all the time
loved. It was perfect for my  loved.  It was perfect for my son
I received my order quick and it was exactly what i wanted.
Great product and service  My Nephew just loves his gift. It arrived quickly and was exactly what we hoped for!
Real Life Mike Wazawoski  My 2 year old cousin adored this toy! At first he thought it was real and was sort of afraid but then he hugged it and now whenever he's watching the movie "Monsters University" he carries it around him. Mike (the plush toy) is so soft and big. The features are genuine. I definitely loved this toy!
Gift that was appreciated.
Cute my son really enjoyed receiving  this.
Nice quality and soft materials  Our 2 year old loves these 2! Nice quality and soft materials.
!!  Very nice size! Soft too!!
Ba ba ba BAAAAAA  This plush is very well-made and soft.  I was half-expecting it to be filled with the styrofoam beads that cheaper toys tend to have, but this one has the normal fiber filling.  This goes everywhere with my daughter now.
Well made - good size  A great gift for any Soul Eater fan.  A great "go with" for Maka. My son was very happy and they seem well made
Rawr slippers  Got this for a friend of xmas and they lost their minds. It was a bit pricey but it is good quality. My friend has a size 11 shoe so this fit just right for them.
I luv my Pikachu!
Nice
Thank you!  My son adored opening this present this Christmas! Thank you for being true to the condition and the price was fantastic!
Nice  The lullaby lamb looks just like the picture. It's perfect and my little sister likes playing the song before going to bed.
great
Great sound & motion FX!  Fun & just like photo!
Great little toys, but long delivery time.  Although these are tiny, little toys (seriously, I'd be surprised if they were over 4" tall), my niece absolutely loves them.  I'm not sure that the measurements are completely accurate, but I did not measure them when I received them.  They also came with a little loop and a clasp on top, as if they were meant to be attached to something, but I just snipped it right off and they became instant stuffed toys.  However, the delivery did take over 1 month to arrive, but for $5 I could understand.
Bunnie by Fhe bay  Bought  because My daughter collects these and she loved it.  its adorable.  it was the perfect for  the Easter basket
Excellence  My friend LOVES Snorlax, so I bought this for her for Christmas. I was surprised at the excellent craftsmanship of this guy. For his big size, he has tight seams, and is made out of a durable material. Oh, and he arrived well before his designated arrival date!
Nice toys me and my friends baught every color at the store we found them at
Pikachu tail. Cutest thing ever.  Could this tail be any cuter! This stuffed tail is actually longer than I thought.
Softest stuffed animal!  This was my nephews favorite toy to sleep with. It's super soft and has a beanie tooshie! Not to mention the adorable floppy ears. I had to get one for my newborn baby!
Win! The best gift as she declared it!  It was $20 dollars and I was at first wondering what can item of this price be....  To my surprise, it was just like the pictures presented by seller.  Birthday girl screamed and giggled when she saw it and at the end declared that this present wins birthday gifts!  Best money spent!
Great buy  This is the cutest doll, and probably my favorite Disney doll yet. He is perfect sized, and very well made. I was quite impressed.
Great product  I've used this compressor quite a few times and I'm very pleased with its performance. Like one of the other consumers' had said, I also thought about buying one from HomeDepot, but it would be too much trouble for me to load/unload. The driver that brought this compressor set it up for me and waited to ensure that it was working properly before he left. I would definitely recommend this product.
My 4-year-old daughter LOVES it. It really does come clean in the wash too!  The only suggestion I have, would be there should be a pouch in the horse to store these markets. It's easy for them to get misplaced or put with regular markers.
Great product my granddaughter loves this elmo.
He is now pretty good in opening his stroller's buckle  My little grandson is now practicing all the different buckles. He is now pretty good in opening his stroller's buckle :(
great- as advertised
So incredibly Soft and adorable!! My 2 yr old niece loves her "el-pant"  It's pretty decent size too!
It was a perfect get well soon gift! Looks just as expected.
Cool  My daughter absolutely was thrilled with this gift.  It is a unique, and at Christmas, a hard to find item!
Cute product, somewhat well connstructed
Beautiful details and cute size  I got this for my nephew's first birthday to go with a book set. It was cute and the perfect small size for a little one.
my son loves it
perfect  she is beautiful and I love her hair - I think it will stay nice
Good Quality Toy Set  The product listing is accurate it indeed has real sized fruits and they also look quite real. Ideal for the little ones to play and also get familiar with the fruits. These are of bright colors and will get the attention of the little ones  The quality of the toy fruits are not cheap, these are of good quality and overall very pleased with the purchase
Perfect Pikachu  Perfect size for my son to hold on to and it is well made.
Build-A-Bear Workshop Red Cheerleader Hello Kitty by Sanrio  This Build-A-Bear stuffed Hello Kitty is absolutely adorable. The Hello Kitty's white fur is soft, which makes this animal super huggable. The Hello Kitty is dressed in a super cute cheerleading outfit with accessories, which makes this animal even more special. The quality of this animal is superb and it is made to last for many years of hugs and adventures. Build-A-Bear offers the option to include a "Birth Certificate" with the animal, among other options. This Hello Kitty makes the perfect memorable gift and one that the receiver (either a child or adult) will want to display.
My 8 month old daughter is a huge Oso fan and when she saw this she couldn't stop kissing him.
My dog's (Burton Ernie D'terred) favorite fetch toy, which my son doesn't like very much.
Perfect. Excellent addition for a Frozen themed christmas
She loved it!  I got this plush for my girlfriend for Christmas,  as she is a huge Invader Zim fan, and she lost it! It's really well made and absolutely adorable.  Highly recommend!
:)
Great companion the the story book.
My daughter absolutely loves this Daniel Tiger doll, and likes singing to it when it's bed time
My daughter like it
Love it  My daughter loves it ! Very professionally made and Good quality
Cute gift  Cute. Bought as wishing well gift for baby shower, went over well. Nice merchant.
Great size, super soft, qreat quality.  Definitely purchase this.
Love it. Stands on its own and keeps my little tree elf company
they loved it!  Was a gift, they loved it!
My boys love it!!
My granddaughter's favorite.  Kind of ugly  but cute. My granddaughter's favorite.
Arrived as expected
He loves it!  Our 15mo old son has just discovered Elmo and Sesame Street.  This is the first Elmo doll we've bought so I can't compare it to others, but it is well made and light enough for him to carry all the time. Plus I like how the arms and legs aren't stiff, so they wiggle like a muppet should.
cute pascal!  Great stuffed Pascal doll.  My daughter loves it! It's the perfect size to throw in a bag and take out with you for a snuggle toy or to keep little one preoccupied.
very satisfied.  Our 18 month old granddaughter loves this toy.. it keeps her busy for long periods of time.. we wanted something for long car rides because she lives 4 hrs away... very satisfied.
Adorable and Regal Kirito Plushie!   Kirito is SO adorable! I am in love with this plushie and carry him with me everywhere.   This plush of Kirito is cute, soft, cuddly, very well-made and extremely detailed. Of course, GE Animation plushies are always excellent in quality. I love Kirito's extremely regal black warrior's robe/cloak, and especially the long sword he carries on his back. So awesome! His sword is sheathed and glued to the plushie's back; inside the black cloth sheathe, his "sword" is made of a thin but sturdy and soft plastic. The plastic sword seems quite durable and flexible, but I would advise anyone to be careful not to bend or break it.  Note: You cannot remove the sword from the plush, nor can you remove it from the sheathe.  Kirito's black tunic beneath his regal cloak is lovely, and his facial features are excellent. He looks so noble and kind.  However, there is a small issue with his black hair; although very accurate to the characters hairstyle and nicely sewn onto his head, the material frizzes a lot at the edges and leaves black fuzz all over Kirito's face. I had to brush off all the little black particles, but after I had cleaned him up a bit he looked fine.  Personally, I am not interested in watching anime, but I love to collect plushies of some of the hero characters from certain animes and mangas (e.g. the boy characters from "Hetalia" and "Durarara!"). I think the character Kirito from "Sword Art Online" is very cute and charming, and I've had my eye on this plushie for months. I'm glad I finally decided to get one. I found him at my local f.y.e. store.  Kirito looks both cuddly and powerful at the same time; I love this plushie so much! I recommend this to plushie collectors -- and, of course, anime fans. He is a masterpiece! Both cuddly and collectible!
An excellent lovey!  My 8 month old, who's a huge fan of Goodnight Moon, loves this little blanket. It helps him fall asleep at night and loves cuddling with this while we nurse. An excellent lovey!
cool
Great quite toy for church. Great quality.
This alpaca plush is very cute and is the perfect size to carry along  This alpaca plush is very cute and is the perfect size to carry along. The fur texture is very fluffy. :) It has good quality and is a great product.
She loves it!  I got this as a Christmas present for my 10 year-old daughter and this has become one of there favorite stuffed animals. She pretty much takes it with her everywhere she goes. It is just like the pic, it stand up and it is made with very soft fabric.
Awesome
The best!!  Spectacular quality!  Official tag and everything.  Soft and adorable; now I can take my Sylveon with me wherever I go, even without my game. :)
thanks  great
Fnaf doll 10/10  Amazing. I got it for a friend and she loved it. It is very soft. Almost had to buy one for myself.
Great gift  My daugher loves Furby.  She plays with the toy and enjoy take care of him.  Nice product, small and soft.
It's Minecraft.  Size can be deceiving, smaller than we thought.  Nice toy though. Son loves it.
Love it  Our granddaughter loves Mary Poppins and is thrilled with her new doll. So cute. Adorable details
It keeps zombies off the lawn  Decent build quality. Content with purchase.
most adorable dolls. my daughter is so in love with peppa. she sleeps with them every night
exactly what he wanted came quickly
I love it!  It is so cute and so soft! I love it!
Got this with the other dragon.  The wings come apart to show off its wing span. The colouring and craftsmanship make this a very good toy. It helps that I love the movie !
Great.
Lifwsize and as real as it gets!!  My two-year old loves this. It's life-size to a child and is about as real as it gets. My daughter is 7 now and it is still going strong. Washed in the washer and dried in the drier a few times too so it is pretty robust and strong.
Cute and durable!  This Deidara plushie is just the cutest! Unlike all the other Deidara plushies out there, The small ponytail is actually stuffed and looks durable. I actually prefer this stuffed ponytail than just thin cloth ones! The fabric used seems strong and resistant, and the material used for the akatsuki robe is just wonderful... unless you attack it with scissors, this seems like it could last quite a while! More than that. actually.  The hand on the original product is sewn to the robe, but the plushie is strong enough to make small "modifications" (mwahaha!) to it! I even opened the robe up a little at the top so his evil little smile could always be visible.  The one thing I didn't like? They didn't put any mouths on his hands! Then again, his hands on this plushie are pretty small. I guess you could say that the mouths are closed, or something, no? ^_^  If you're out to buy a Deidara plushie, LOOK NO FURTHER. GET THIS ONE. IT IS AWESOME. O^O  All in all, this plushie is as adorable as it is durable, and I recommend it highly!!! :)
Well I'll tell you it's bigger than what I thought it would be it looks good my grand daughter loves it sleeps with it walks around with it and wants to get another all I can say about it
Nice plushy, my daughter loves these.  I bought this doll and the Aladdin doll for my teen daughter who just discovered the anime and manga stories of Magi. These are made well and she loves them! The price was reasonable for their size and quality.
My favorite character! well made and looks great!
Christmas present!  Nephew loves this gloworm,  It is smaller than I remember them to be when I was growing up but it still does the same and lights up!
Great job  Great and timely service. Toy is really fun. My nephew played with the buckles for hours.
Super Cute  Decent size for the money and my kid loves it. Am going to buy as many of these as I can find!
my daughter loves it
Also a good all also delivery goods Has been re-purchase
Great quality, and stitching  Did not come in the box but it didn't matter. Great quality, and stitching. Much larger then the ones that you can purchase here in the states. Our son was thrilled with it. I plan on getting him the other characters for sure, now that I know the quality. Worth the little bit of wait time for it to come from over seas.
My daughter loves this, it's very cute and nicely made. I would recommend for anyone that's a sea horse fan.
Grandson loves this
Love them!
My friend loves it  I got this for my Pokmon lover friend, and she absolutely loves it
I love my Gizmo  I love my Gizmo! :D I get a lot of compliments on him, especially in drive throughs and I get some laughs and stares from people driving by on the road. He's so cute! Very happy with this purchase. :3
ADORABLE
My daughter is in love!!!  Bought this for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas and they have been inseparable! However, the first thing she asked was, "Where's his mama?" So sweet, but now I have the daunting task of finding a size appropriate Kanga (Roo's mama). Given that this Roo is 12", I have to find a Kanga at least 16"! If your child is a big fan of the Pooh franchise, this is a great plush, but you too may find yourself trying to find a decently priced Kanga.
Made a great gift for my sister.
So Soft and Cuddley  Lams and Ivy Roo and Joey was everything I had hoped it would be.  Granddaughter loved it, as did everyone else who hugged it.
My son loves this! Just the right size for a toddler!
Loved the cartoon :D Loved the plush
Good quality  My son loves his Leia plush.  What we received matched our expectations and it has held up well to all his Angry Birds games recreated with whatever blocks, pillows, etc. he can find...
It's a Pokemon!!!  My boy loves it.
Perfect size and softness for my toddler. She loves it.
My girlfriend loves it!  My girlfriend loved it!!! It's cute, realistic, and extremely soft! She loved the tidbit fact attached 
Kupo!  Excellent!  Pros:  - Cute; item exactly as pictured.  - High quality; an official item from Square Enix.  - Kupo!
love it
Beautiful Belle  Lovely cuddly doll.  Brought lots of hugs from granddaughter and she has been taking Belle everywhere with her since she got it.  Great size for 3-5 year Olds.  Seller took great cRe in packing g and delivery was fast for USA to Canada.
Needs some fluffing out of the box. But very cute.
Excellent
Great for Dogs  I give these to my dogs to fetch in the house.  But they are definitely not chew toys.
Great Stitch plush  Great Stitch plush. My daughter love Stitch. She had a tsum tsum one. But she prefer the size of this one. The plush is well made and the size is right. Now she can watch the movie and hug stitch.
Love it.  Very cute and plush! Love it.
Great value for the money  Great value for the money!  I got this for our two year old son, and this is easily one of his favorite stuffed animals. He snuggles with it each night, and there seems to be really no wear or tear on it.  Highly recommended for a Pokemon fan!
adorable and appealing  My kids and I think this plush dino is absolutely adorable. I think it would be a nice gift for any young child who likes dinosaurs, if they prefer gentle to fierce, or it would be a sweet and spunky addition to nursery decor. I'm reviewing the green "Chomp". His color is more mint than aqua. The texture is like a upsized version of the soft minky dot fabric so popular for baby blankets, which gives him a fun and slightly unkempt look. The spikes and bottoms of his feet are a faux suede in a matching green (less contrast than it appears in the pictures). I like that the legs are filled with pellets so that he stands nicely on his own. Overall this is a charming and appealing pick!
perfect
Great quality, looks official  This rayquaza looks like it's officially licensed (tag is written in Japanese) and is of great quality. Its fabric is similar to the kind used on most Pokemon Center plushes, which is soft and a little too short to be considered minky but a little too soft to be considered velvet. There is a plastic/bendable spine down the tail (from a little under the arms to the second-to-last set of fins). The product I received looks identical to the picture, though I included some photos in my review.  Given that it's posable, I recommend using the Rayquaza as a hat or a nifty shoulder companion. :)  **Update: I don't know why a serperior is shown in the listing...? Make sure you double-check sellers, which change occasionally between reviews.
Brother loves it  My little brother loves it, he can't leave the house with out it, great for a present, the price is very good, Elmo moves its mouth , talks, luaghs, snores, and hugs
Muy Bueno!  Muy bueno y mucho mas economico y completo que la competencia... Le doy uso profesional y considero que ha pasado todas las pruebas de uso.
I loved these stuffed characters  I loved these stuffed characters.... my children loved them also... they arrived quickly, way before my estimated delivery date... they are adorable... I got an awesome bargain for the price... they wash well and are perfect for my son and daughter to snuggle and hug.
Love the way the other lays on its  So soft.  Love the way the other lays on its back
Great product as advertised
Lovely and soft  My son was very pleased with him
Adorable  My sister LOVES Domo and she was elated to see it donning a karate uniform.  Quality and materials are what one expects from overseas.
good
So kawaii!!  This little fella is extremely smooth~ He's such a little plushie that I can't help but to giggle over it's size! I love it! It arrived as estimated. :3
nice product.
This is so cute.
my grandson loved it.  loved the movie but this was more for a boy.
A must have  Love this set kids of course love their new buddy and had literally hours of fun the first night with activity book and puzzle three weeks later they are still entertained by both
Tsum + Star Wars = Awesome!  Been playing the Tsum Tsum app on my phone and when the Star Wars Tsums came out in game, I totally had to get some. They're cute, decent quality and fun to stack. Not much more to say!
My grandkids loved it all!
great
Great item..as described and very fast service
Great for any young star wars fan.
The Softest, Sweetest Plush Bunny Ever!  I am an adult who collects stuffed animals and this cute little bunny, Ittybit, is my favorite yet!  He is made of the softest, cuddly-est fabric and stuffing I ever felt and his pose is so endearing!  I recommend purchasing Ittybit for every young child - and adult - you know!
He loves it!  My son loves his Furby!  His sister had one and that is why he wanted one.  I personally think it is the sounds it makes is annoying, though that is just a Furby, nothing to do with the quality, etc.
very nice lights  The Lights are very nice, people ask us where we purchased the lights all of the time.
Cute and Fluffy  My son really liked it, he was so happy when it came it's small but he enjoys playing with it.
Hilarious!  Adorable! We love the snowgies, though not necessarily Frozen O_O and we "busted a gut" for days with the first one we got. Now we all have one and are still laughing about it :) They are great.
Daughter LOVES it  Not being able to buy much Barney stuff now, my 19 month old daughter was delighted when I gave this Barney to her.  Some of the reviews talked about the color but I did not notice that and neither did my daughter.  She knew exactly who this dinosaur was.  I wished it sang the family part of the I love you song instead of the best friend part but either way my daughter loves it and plays with it everyday.
He was super excited for it to come and wasn't disappointed  Son really enjoys playing with this toy. He was super excited for it to come and wasn't disappointed. :)
Cozy monster looking for a hug!  Sizeable and good plush quality. It fairly exceeded  my expectations and my grandchildren  (both little men and ladies) love it.! I strongly recommend it as it makes an unforgettable present to a beloved little one.
9" Black Butler Ciel Phantomhive Plush Doll by GIFT ~Brand New~ Review  This product did meet my expectations because it was exactly what I was looking for. It is similar to many plushs but this one has special things the others do not. Such as one of Ciel's original costumes, & his leg strappings. Along with his eye patch which is sometimes not included. This product did meet my expectations.
Good quality. My daughter can't be happier with it.
Great plushy to make the books come to life  I bought this along with the Llama Llama red pajama book. It has been quite a hit! my 2 1/2 year old daughter loved Llama Llama Holiday Drama so I bought this for Christmas. She insists on reading it every night and sleeps with the plush Llama. Even on the nights when she throws a fit because she wants me to sleep with her, I remind her that Llama Llama is going to sleep with her. Shortly after she calms down and snuggles in with her Llama. This was definitely a great purchase!
Grandson loves it.
Great Gift  I guess Woody and Jessie will never get old. These are a great size and the grandaughter loved them. Great buy.
Lovely Tinker Bell Doll!  I purchased this for my 9-month-old, as she has become fascinated with Tinker Bell this week.  I put the latest Tinker Bell movie on, and showed her the doll just as Tinker Bell showed up on the screen... she had to do a double-take, then grinned just as big as she could!  She has really enjoyed having this doll the past few days, and it is the perfect size for her to hold and carry around with her.  It would work very well for older children who love Tinker Bell, too!  I like that it doesn't have the plastic face, like other stuffed Tinker Bell dolls have, and it's not as chunky as the baby Tinker Bell dolls, so it is easier for little hands to hold on to.  The doll came in looking exactly like the picture shown.  We are very pleased with this purchase!
Baby loves it!  My baby loves these songs and when I gave this to her she keep on looking at the tv and the toy. She really liked it!
Squeeling and Delight  My grandaughter went nuts over this present. She loves Frozen (who doesn't?) and Frozen items were hard to come by if you don't want to pay with an arm or a leg, I decide to spend a little more for this and it was worth it. Loved, loved, loved.
Fun keychain.  It's so difficult to get Shaun the Sheep items in the U.S. it was a real treat to be able to get this keychain.
Ms. Platypus is a big hit!  My youngest granddaughter loves animals, birds, insects and all of nature in general.  She saw a platypus on TV and went on a quest to find a stuffed animal.  This platypus looks real and is exactly what she wanted.  Now it's the newest member of her menagerie!
My wife love it
Great product for baby!
Adorable for any Dr Who Matt Smith fan. Battery doesn't last long though.
Very cute and soft pokemon plush. Must-buy for any Pokemon Fan.
Excellent  Good service. 100% recommended. Definitely would return to do business. I recommend it.
These nice plush toys i like but not the zombies which are very popular with my 8 year old granddaughter
rouge the hedgehog  my grandson just about flipped out he opened rouge for xmas.  he loves every thing sonic and he is madly in love with rouge
Great Plush!  The item was just as expected!
Love this pirate monkey  So cute and arms velcroed so you can hang on a crib or something else too. Soft and nice size.
Happy Customer  The Eeyore toy was beyond my expectation.  I was very pleased by the quality and size.  It's very soft and cuddly and my daughter loves it!  Plus it shipped quickly.  Great purchase.
Mom and Dad approved  I was able to try Let's Imagine Elmo free, thanks to Playskool & bzzagent. I have a 2 year old and he loved it. I will advise that this is a toy that as a younger child (2) they will need some assistance at 1st, but once they get the hang of it, they can have hours of fun. The hats are easy to change out, and each 'hat' give a different activity. My sons favorite one is the Pirate hat. He laughs with request. The 'Squeeze my nose' one seems to be the 'favorite.' My niece also played with the "Lets Imagine Elmo" and she will be 3 in 4 months. She was able to play totally unassisted.  I love how Elmo is "TEACHING" the kids while allowing them to have "FUN" at the same time.  The Packaging was easy to open ( My 10 year old opened it for my son, with no help.) I do like that the packing was almost all recyclable. The Toy requires 4 battery's and to my delight it 'Included" battery's. Most toys now a days do not provide the battery's and you give your child a gift and they are disappointed b/c "Mom, Dad, or Grandma" forgot  to buy battery.  I would score this product at a 5 starts. Its MORE fun then advertised, and fun for all ages.
better in person  Perfect size and features for a cuddle toy.  It was a hit on Christmas morning and every night since. Nana
I know he will enjoy it when he gets a little more advanced  Bought this for my one year old for Christmas! While it is a little advanced for him currently, I know he will enjoy it when he gets a little more advanced.
GREAT gift. Better quality then expected.
Cool!  Size is as described. I wouldn't recommend this one for rough kids as I am pretty sure they could tear off the smaller sew ons. Looks great on my kids shelf though as he slowly becomes a Pokemon champion!
cute gift
Cool toy  The chestburster shipped immediately and I received it within three days. It isn't limber like a stuff toy animal like what I expectd and isn't very detailed, but it's a fair price and I still find it awesome.
Granddaughter loved it!
Great little Pokemon for the price!  I bought this for a toddler. Very happy with it. Nothing to come off in their little mouths. Very cute toy!
Great Quality, Official Plush  Very cute and authentic looking. The ears have material inside that makes them posable, which is certainly a plus. I have read that knock-offs do not have this, making their ears hang limply to the side. The TOMY plushes are definitely of good quality, so make sure those are the ones you purchase.
Good quality for a small toy
Entertaining Elmo  I was given this Elmo for free to try thanks to Playskool. My 2 and 4 year old both love playing with this Elmo! The hats are a little tricky to switch and place on Elmo's head, but it's a small price to pay for the many games and songs that Elmo plays. Unlike other toys that make "noise", this one doesn't annoy parents 1 with repetitive saying. We are still learning about new games to play with Elmo. He even goes into sleep mode when he's left alone for awhile. Great toy!
My granddaughter loves it
My niece lobed it!
He looks exactly like he does in the movie  This is a phenomenal price for this doll. At the Disney store, it retails for about $20-$25, so when I saw this price, I had to order him. He looks exactly like he does in the movie! One thing I will mention though, is that he was shoved into quite a small envelope and was folded up. However, this did not affect the plush doll or damage it. So, I think it's a great buy. You won't regret it. Shipping was fast and free. This is a BIG doll. Very nice size. I also purchased Sparky, and they make a cute set.
Totoro  So the Toy Story 3 movie opened up my boyfriend's mind in remembrance of Totoro. Since it was around his birthday, I wanted to get him this gift. It was very cute and I will give you some positives and negatives.  Positives: - Completely original - Very cute - Soft to touch - Perfect size for collecting - Very amazing quality - Similar to the Totoro movie  Negatives: - High price - Possibly too small - Packaging needs to give item more safety  Thank you, my boyfriend REALLY enjoyed th present.  Cody Lee Heyveld
Cookie is the man and everyone should know it!  Cookie is excited to be home after his release from the "facility." He was my study companion for the PE last year and I passed the first time thanks to his kind words, rude comments, and crude gestures. Our new bookkeeper thinks he's adorable and brought "us" a cupcake for passing but I know it's really for him and not me. Before the exam at Oh Dark Thirty I parked downtown near the bum park and loaned him my backup calculator and spare mechanical pencils "Blackhawk Down" style and left him alone to guard my hubcapless '92 Subaru 4WD wagon.  Me: Gordy's gone, mang. I'll be inside. Good luck. (tears well)  Cookie: (silent nod)  We both emerged unscathed with letters behind our names.  Cookie goes to work with me nearly every day and keeps me motivated while staring blankly at my five year old laptop and shooting rubber bands over the cube wall. He attends three hour long meetings as my representative and takes notes dutifully while contributing brilliant commentary not seen since the last crop of phenoms in `05. His knowledge, skills, and abilities and cornflower blue power tie set the standard for employee performance.  Together, Cookie and I enjoy getting lost on our hammered KLRs, cowgirls, long walks on the beach, manual labor, sunsets, watching yoga pants on the patio, and listening to the great philosophers of our time including Mr. T, the Dropkicks, Tristan Prettyman, and Chris Whitley.  In summary, Cookie is the manly man's manly man of action and there's nobody else I'd rather be in guts with, not even my brother from another mother Matt with Eight Fingers(tm) and his six foot tall blonde volleyball player girlfriend. Cookie is such an old soul he never even has to speak, he just knows what I'm thinking. We speak each other's unspoken language... fluently.
It was exactly what I wanted thank you!
love  Love gooble. He looks a lot bigger because he is so plush! A little pricey for a 12" but wanted to have all the Gabba characters for my son. Still afordable though.
Purchased as a gift. The recipient loves Kion.
Super cute! Well made. My baby absolutely loved these. Received them super quick.
LOVE THESE PLATTERS...  These are great for dinners and salad platters
Amazing! The Plushie is really cute! It's a little smaller than I imagined but no big deal!
Super cute!!!!  Good value!!!
Love this plush. So soft and a perfect size for a month old baby
The little guy I purchased this for fell in love with this lil puppy. Way to cute!
just like in the  Our son loves it. just like in the movie
Very nice came in fast
Love!  My son loves this! The buckles are brightly colored and work great. I love how there are different types of buckles not all the same.
Received in excellent condition
Just as cute as the photo
He loved this little chewi  My son it's a fan. He loved this little chewi.
Super cute! Exactly what I ordered!
I love it!
Arnold  My granddaughter loves all things Hello Kitty and to find one who is a ballerina made it even more perfect.
So cute!  ant understand a word he is babbling but still very cute! Big and huggable and cute for the right age. my little one is 3 and he LOVES it!
My son absolutely loves it! He's 3.
Best thing ever!!  <div id="video-block-R1T1VPCGA18BGY" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91D6U-g59hS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71CcuAZU%2BCS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Amazing Product!! My only problem is that it diddnt come with a tag. But overall fast shipping and in good condition!
Our granddaughter loved it!
My son doesn't go to sleep without it!
nastu was perfect nothing wrong he is perfect but no emblem under the scarf
Toge-perf  This togepi is perfect and I love it. It's cute, cuddly, and great for walking around with. My misty cosplay improved 10+ with this cute little addition. BUY HER. SHE'S WORTH IT.
my nephew love this!  Everything you would expect, my nephew love this!
Cute & cuddley for kids.  The moose is larger than expected. Granddaughter absolutely loves it.  Soft & cuddley.
Made a great gift.  Very happy recipient.
Cute! Granddaughter loves it!
Really cute!!  He is adorable and speaks very clearly!!!  My cat loves him!!!!  I wouldn't recommend him for toddlers!!  His arms and buttons can be pulled off.
everybody's happy  I just wanna cuddle this furry monster all the time but I can't it belongs to my niece and i'm glad she feels the same
Wonderful gift  Couldn't love it more.  So soft and lifelike.  Great craftsmanship.
Super cute! Bought this as a Christmas gift. Can't wait to give to my daughter. It's so fluffy!
This is a xmas gift for my grandson he loves Olaf.
lol... Crocodilly  My girl wanted it, so I bought it. I was worried about quality, but it's awesome. Well built, great size, and excellent quality. I feared it would be some cheap Chinese mass produced stuffed animal, like the ones from the crane machine, but nope. it's great.
Great, but much smaller than expected.
Daughter Loves it!  Got this for my daughter and she loves it!
thicc
Perfect size for small hands  My toddler loves her "Party Hat" so much I had to order a spare. Perfect size for small hands.
granddaughter fell in love with Sven  After seeing Disney on Ice "Frozen", granddaughter fell in love with Sven. He was so perfect and adorable. So happy to be able to find him for her for Christmas.
Dora beanie doll  bought it for my 3 year old twin great granddaughters who loved it! it was the perfect size for them to carry in their Dora backpack. also had purchased the swiper and boots beanies. would recommend them for any age that likes Dora and friends.
Sweet little critters for my Dr. Seuss party!
Loves it  My nephew loves this but I didn't realize how expensive it would be.
Cute! Just as described!  Cute!  Just as described!
Nice stuffed gatomon  My 10 year old daughter loves it.
Counterfeit...not as big as ToysR us  It's counterfeit but I love it.
This was a Big hit. Exactly as advertised.
Granddaughter loves it
Cute little pillow  Cute Pillow. Small in size
Perfect
This ugly doll is by far one of the most fantastic dolls ever created by mankind.  It is hysterical to look at, great as a gift.  I love my ugly doll so much.  It is great for kids, but even better for adults who have half a brain to get the humor in this doll.  It is worth the price, which is ever so cheap, and can be used as a toy or a piece of artwork or just as a conversation piece.  A great holiday gift, housewarming gift, or just an indulgent toy for yourself.  Love it.
Excellent Christmas gift  Bought this for a friend for Christmas, and he loved it. I've been told he cuddles it in his sleep. I made a good choice. :)
Love, love, love.  Hours of fun  Perfect to put in the diaper bag for quiet play at church or doctor appointments.  Great for a gift for any mom with a toddler.  My one and a half year old grand daughter loves the buckles and is learning to match the colors too.
We love Elmo!  He's soft and sweet...nice for bedtime snuggles!
Great stuffed animal, it came stuffed as expected.
Very, very pleased.  Much larger than expected!  Very well made.  A perfect companion to the Peter Rabbit Touch and Feel Book and the Kids Preferred Melamie Feeding Set.  I presented all three to my niece for her baby shower along with some color coordinated bibs.  My only disappointment was that I could not find Peter Rabbit bibs anywhere.
Love!  My daughter is a Peppa Freak! She loves it!
Bought this for my 2 yr. old niece who loves dachshunds, SHE LOVES IT!
I recommend buying this bunny  He absolutely love's this bunny.  It arrived on time and was packed well.  The bunny is very well made and worth the price.  I recommend buying this bunny.  You won't be disappointed.
My daughter loves this
Perfect for my 4 year old  This doll is really special. My daughter looks exactly like this doll and she is the first one I've found with this crazy curly hair. Her clothes go on and off easily and the quality of every inch of this doll is superb. My 4 year old loves her and so do I.
So cute!
Boo  I purchased this as a gift for my granddaughter- Fantastic price, came immediately, and is wonderfully soft and cuddly- a delightful gift for any age!
Awesome  These are awesome. They are big and tall and stuffed well. good quality especially for the price. Would definitely recommend.
My granddaugher loved them.  Very cute.  My granddaugher loved them.
Race car Fabric  The fabric was great to work with, did not seem to frey.  I did use a backing for a boys apron and chef's hat.
Great quality  This little guy was a huge success in my household! Great purchase and good quality.
Very beautiful!
My grandchildren loved them! Good quality and price  Bought 2 pups. My grandchildren loved them! Good quality and price! They are so soft! Adorable!
Super cute for any kid who loves Dory  My daughter is super into Dory. This plush was a great purchase for her. Lots of imaginative play. That's the best kind.
He's adorable and I love the size, accurate detail, and I absolutely love it! ^.^
Cute  Too cute not to buy!
Cute and durable fabric.  Very cute.  Purchased on sale before Christmas as decoration for the house.  The kids all wanted to bring it to bed with them at bedtime, so they took turns holding it.  Adorable!  Great plush, very durable fabric.
Too cute ...  My baby loves this elephant.  Can't stop picking and sucking on the tusks  also the size is not small or big.  Just right ...
Well worth it!  2 yr old granddaughter just stared at it when she squeezed kitty's belly. Now grandma is only a hug away.
Recommend  I purchased 2 of these items for my son and nephew and they love it. It looks exactly as described.
Soft and just a touch of crinkle  My daughter loved adding it to her collection, super soft, well made.
Perfect for little hands  Great way for a small child to learn to zip, button, tie, etc. Huggable and soft. Good price here, too.
This is such a cute toy!  I git this for my 7-year old grandson for Christmas after seeing the movie.. He loved it. It has details not usually found on stuffed toys, like a patterned harness. It's very impressive.
Great puppet quality (stiff in the mouth and tail) but yet super cuddly like a stuffed animal. Its put together really sturdy. I can't wait to give it to my son for his preschool graduation.
Wonderful!  My grandchildren have fallen in love with Sailor Moon and associates and have really enjoyed these affordable toys.  Truely wonderful.
cute!  bought several angry birds for Christmas for my two kids, they are a big fan,,and they just loves these plush toys..they play with it all the time.highly recommend it!
good quality and a good price too  My 2 year old LOVES this!! Very cute, good quality and a good price too.
still loving it  our daughter loves this baby dumbo. we bought it for her for Christmas and she's still playing with and loves it. i think the fact that it's a baby version of a Disney character is so fun.
thanks
its was a great purchase  I ordered this for my girlfriend and she loved it. The pictures and the price was great that why I decided to purchase through Amazon  thanks
Llama Llama home with baby and mama!  My son is a huge fan of Llama Llama and has all of the books.  Now when we read them we have Llama Llama there to read with us.  This arrived a day earlier than expected and is perfect.
daughter loves it
Looks great
too cute!!!!  I bought this as a gift for my mom... Was nervous about how the voice would sound... It came on time as promised, sounds good and she LOVES it!!!!
Love it  I love it! I think the hair could have been a little better maybe if they put stuffing in it. But other then that I REALLY LOVE IT! I hope my friend loves it too!
Awesome!  Wow, I got my pair in the mail today and now I know why people love them! I tried some X-Acto brand look-alikes (not titanium) first and there is just no comparison. These cut "like buttah" right up to the tip. By the way, if you are looking at Stampin' Up Paper Snips, Cutter Bee makes them so they are the same product (though I don't think the SU ones are the titanium version). HTH!
Perfect!!  It was perfect!!!! and it got here superfast for Christmas.  The Pricing was right were it should be also!!  Thank You
Dora  beanie  gift for little toddler, was gift giving to whole family, and this especially for 3 year old girl she loved them. the parents were happy as well, since Dora is the younger kid's favorite.  great vendor, timely , great product
Very well made.  My son LOVES it.
Seriously Cute and Soft!  This little guy is seriously cute. I'm a retailer who sells Webkinz in my store, and I am buying one of these for myself because they're so funny and adorable. He's extra soft - I'm tempted to say he's made of a softer fabric than most Webkinz are - and extra floppy - those big ears are everywhere! He's just like a regular cute little plush dog, he just happens to be undead. Zombies are in right now, and Webkinz has picked up on that to create this adorable, yet not very scary, little pup.
PERFECT!  I ordered this shark stuffie as a surprise for my girlfriend, who is obsessed with sharks. she absolutely loves it & sleeps with it every single night! the animal really is more beautiful than the picture shows; it was more than worth the price. ~ Erin
She is 4 years old and she loved it.  My niece loves horses too. I also ordered this for her. She is 4 years old and she loved it.
Very good  I bought this item for my child some weeks ago and he love it, it have a very good quality
wonderful quality. Very cute  Arrived on time, wonderful quality. Very cute.
Great quality! Very nice.  Great quality! Very nice.
Perfect size for my 9 month old, she loves it!
I absolutely freaking love this!
Perfect!  Perfect size plush and he sits and stays! Just adorable! I would highly recommend this toy to anyone looking for a Sparky plush.
Perfect  soft, adorable, and just what my daughter wanted.
Was very satisfy with all the plush figures of inside out, thank you
Lucky to Get an Olaf!  Olaf Is a must have for us fanatics. He is tuff to find! T'was a great day when he arrived even sooner than expected. Where are all the Sven plush characters? Please find more so I can buy 2! Enjoy!
He's super cute and very well made. My nine year old loves it.
Love it!  Love it!
The buckle toy kept our 1 year old busy for at least an hour on a long flight. Some buckles are easier than others to put together but its great for their awareness about how things fit together and a very safe and easy to carry toy
purrfect  Purrfect good price my granddaughter loves her
CUTE LITTLE GUY FOR MOTIVATION!  This little guy was perfect is not too big nor too small he's just about the right size as my PSP. He fits nicely on my desk or on my car dash.
flawless  delivered in vacuumed package. no issues.
Great Product  Great quality and a lower price than anywhere else!!!
Very cute and fun. My nephew is going to love it.
Neat and beautiful pokemon collection figure.
I love it! It's so cute and soft :)
My son loved the disco zombie. I was very pleased with how fast it arrived!
gift- child loves it.
so all is great.  My Granddaughter loves this elmo. so all is great.
My grandson loves it.
Kids love it.  What can I say? Kids love it.
YES!!!  My BF got this for me for our 5th month anniversary and it's my favorite 
Perfect gift for WOW player.  Gift , well made, soft and loved.
This giraffe is absolutely adorable.  It bends in all directions and is hours of fun.  Good quality product  exactly as described.  Would definitely buy again.
Very good quiet toy  My 10 month old daughter likes this toy a lot.  Holds her attention for a good amount of time.  I recommend this toy for bringing on airplanes and places they can't have a noisy toy.
Smaller than expected... SOOOO perfect tho!  But ohhhh soooo cute!!! Perfect nursery decor!!!
but it got here in good shape. Thanks  Cute little guy.  Had to ship all the way from Japan, but it got here in good shape.  Thanks, dude!
Grand daughter loved it
Great quality. My son loves it!
Love wow and amazon
Loved it!!!  The person I got it for loved it! They were beyond excited to see it! Thank you! I'm sure it made their day!
awesome
Great  My son loves it! He sleeps with the doll all the time. It's soft, easy to clean and pretty cute for something called uglydoll.
SO CUTE  I just got this today and its absolutely adorable! Except it is really small. But other than that its soft adorable and cuddly!
HE won't stop playing with it
perfect
Happy boy!  My Great grandson loved his bubble guppies!
Adorable dog  It is advertised as the cutesy dog ever and indeed it is.  Can't wait to see my grand baby's expression when she sees it.  The only issue I had was with the material they used for the tail.  Was hoping it would have been more baby friendly.  Other than that it is soft cuddly and very huggable.  Shipped quickly and was a good price.
Granddaughter loved it!
Excellent  Prompt delivery. Excellent product
My niece loved it!
Perfect as described and on time
granbaby loves it
Very cute and soft
Great toy, fast service & follow up.  Our little one loves this toy. We recently got it for a long car ride on a camping trip and it kept her occupied for quite awhile. We were amazed when we found this and other 'buckle' toys since our little one is so obsessed with buckles. I only wish it had shipped prime for the price.
CUTE
This was a great buy.  The package was well cared for and dilevery was fast, this plush pokemon was a great additive to my collection. I highly recomend this co. to buy from to add to your collection in the for any collectors.
Great doll  Great doll, very well made
thank you very much  my kid love this toy but i did order the wrong one i need the bigger one but he loved it
Granddaughter loves her so that makes granny the BEST!
Great for the car!  My almost 2 year old LOVES this toy! He is able to buckle all of them, just needs help getting them undone. A favorite toy for in the car!
Our new family friend!  I couldn't be happier with this little guy. Super soft, looks great, and very, very huggable. Looking forward to buying more of Golden Bell Studios' products.
Big soft and snuggly
Super cute 
Great pet!  Bought this for my granddaughter.  Nicer than I expected and she loves it.
... than I expected bought as a gift the person loved it.  So cute bigger than I expected bought as a gift the person loved it.
Got this for my Peppa pig collection very satisfied (:
Like ridiculously likes this  My 5 year old LOVES this. Like ridiculously likes this!
Cuddly Soft Elmo!  My grandson loves Elmo! We give him hugs and kisses every morning. We play with him all day! He is very durable. He takes a licking and is very resilient. We have so much fun playing I can't think of anything I would rather do! Elmo helps us have fun! He is so cuddly and soft perfect for huggies! He shed a little at first but not anymore. He is a perfect size for little fingers. His face is very cute not scary at all. He has stuffing not beans so he is very soft and cuddly.
KPSOUND  THE BEST LOVE THIS CLAW I HATE BIG MIC STANDS ON DRUM KITS AND THIS IS PERFECT FOR SNARE DRUM
Great toy  My son absolutely loves this toy.  It helps mom out with his diaper changes and keeps him busy.  Win Win!
Absolutely loved it!!
This Elmo is super interactive with many different phrases  I received the Let's Imagine Elmo toy for free from Bzzagent and Playskool and my three year old LOVES him!  This Elmo is super interactive with many different phrases, and hats to wear. Elmo sings and plays games that are fun and engaging while being educational. You can pinch his nose, and tickle his belly. The on/off switch is easily accessible making it the perfect toy to snuggle with at bed time. This is a toy your toddler will LOVE!
Super Star  Got this for my niece for Christmas. She loves it. Constructed very good and soft. A lot bigger than I thought, but that didn't bother her.
adorable and cute  Well made, soft, adorable and cute! I love the that the eyes are sewn in and don't fall off. A great safe toy.
loving valentine ziggy  It was a cute perfect valentine gift to give to my fiance!!! Now he has it out on his tall dresser to look at every morning when he gets ready for work!!!
grandson loves it
Chicken used for School  This was for my wife to uae as a teaching tool. It works perfectly and would definately buy again. She was more excited then the the student she used it for and they're high schoolers
My newborn loves to look at lights, so the tummy of this monkey fascinates him. I only wish it would stay lit longer or have the option to keep it lit without timing out.
Just what i expected  Nice , as pictured,  ...grandson will love it, what I was looking for, only product like this I found online
Bigger than what I thought it would be yet perfect size for 2 yr olds hands  Bigger than what I thought it would be yet perfect size for 2 yr olds hands. Well made and my grandson will love it.
Not cheap looking - perfect stocking stuffers for our kiddos  Arrived promptly, size and shape as described.  Not cheap looking - perfect stocking stuffers for our kiddos!
My granddaughter wanted it so much that I bought it for her for her birthday
Love these dolls. Kids do too. They hug them all the time
excellent product
Perfect!
My son will be happy to have this on Xmas  Made well. Arrived earlier than delivery date. My son will be happy to have this on Xmas. Thank you.
Got for youngest daughter for happy.  Big hit
My Grandson loved Charmander! Couldn't find him in local stores  My Grandson loved Charmander!  Couldn't find him in local stores!  Nonna was very happy she could complete her Grandson's Christmas Wish List!
Great toy  This kept the interest of our one-year-old grandson on a plane trip. He enjoyed carrying it around afterward, too. The buckles seemed to fascinate him. It was a good size to take in a carry on bag, also.
Great toy for Mario loving kids  Great toy for Mario loving kids. It seems to be made well and sturdy and has held up great through a lot of playtime.
Daughter loves it. Very soft and cuddly
Cute!!!  Really cute plush!!! Perfect as a gift or just to snuggle up with!
Better than expected!  This plush is so adorable. A super must have for any retro and classic pokemon fan. Very soft material, correct anatomy of the character, great box for it to come in. A true collectors item. Ordered this 4 days ago and it arrived waaaaaaay earlier than expected. Was it worth the money? A real pokefan wouldn't care, but yes it is darn well worth the money.
As expected
covertec SX 82/02  My beautiful red covertec palm t5 leather case !!  Just exactly what I ordered it came on time, it was packaged well, no scratches or nicks.. I love it..    Thanks Amazon..
Great product!  Very well made and official. Only 1 drawback: no #4 on his chest.
elmo work  Christmas gift for all the little kids and they all love it
The quality is great and we are very happy with the product  My child is rather excentric so I was thrilled to find the stuffed animal road runner that she had wanted. The quality is great and we are very happy with the product.
My son sleeps with this every night. Big Harry Potter fans. He has them all, but this is his fave. Hagrid is appropriately larger than the others in the collection, and very lovable.
This is perfect for my granddaughter she is 18mos and loves to fasten the snaps. ( shes learning)
adorable
this is adorable! i bought it for my grandson who likes sloths and im glad i found this one, its just so cute!!! l love it!
Item rec'd as stated A+ will use again
you buy it
Perfect gift for a child!  Bought this a long while back. Everything about this Sven was great. The legs bend and stay, it's soft, and kids love it. The packaging was great from Disney and made sure that nothing could get contaminated. Would recommend for the frozen lovers and kids.
Very good experience
cute
Peppa Pig *snort*  These stuffed toys are of better quality than I had expected and my two year old loves them. They did take forever to get here, but for the price I can't complain. Unlike what was shown in the pic, my toys arrived with a key chain attachment on their heads. This can be easily cut off if not needed.
Love it  Perfect toy, my daughter loves it
PERFECT!  GREAT QUALITY I EXPECT FROM GRAPHIC 45 AS USUSAL!
AWESOME
Super cute. Great deal. Packaged well.
awesome! my son loves it!
great !
Perfect, searched all local Hallmark stores and couldn't find these.  They will make someone very happy come Christmas.
Great product  Nice and cuddly...my grad-daughter loves it!
I liked its size and its exactly how I wanted it for my kids they loved it!
good quality, thanks  Came quick, good quality, thanks!
Adorable!  My daughter asked for "snow peas" for Christmas (!) so in addition to a little packet of seeds to plant in the garden, I got her this. She's ever seen the movie, but she still got a kick out of this - she loves to tuck the peas back into their pod and "put them to bed". Not a bad price for the size of the toy.
He's a nice size and super fuzzy  So cute and soft! He's a nice size and super fuzzy. :)
Worth the extra money  Top quality
Furry, Soft and Hugable  My granddaughter can't put the little Dakota Horse down--she just turned one and this little horse is her best friend.  Recommend highly.
Well made, clear voice, and just irresistible.
Great detail
my neither loves it and everyone else thinks it's super cool!  Gift for my zombie obsessed niece and she was scared of it, so her brother took it, and he loves it, my neither loves it and everyone else thinks it's super cool!
Great turned out perfect takes a long time but worth it sooook much!!!!!
Mine mine mine  Well made and adorable
Mooo  Very soft and cute and also has eyes
Soft on top and silky on bottom. My daughter loves these
Awesome!  My son was so excited to get this plush. He says it's great to have such an unusual and unique item. He likes it very much and recommends it to everybody who collects Mario plush.
Luv it
Really cute hard to find plush  This is a really cute, plush Blue from Blue's Clues.  This was hard to find, and both my kids adore it!
Great fun item.  Very nice item. Perfect for an art teacher gift.
Lorax a winner1  The Lorax has become my two-year-old granddaughter's favorite video.  I just had to find a Lorax for her!  This little guy was just the right size, and I was pleased with the price.
Red Panda  Very cute and well made and just what I ordered.  Came fast because it's Amazon.
review of purchase  my daughter just loved this, so very cute and even with her being 11 she walks around with it like it is her only pet. made a great christmas gift so glad that i decided to get it for her.
READ THIS REVIEW!  I wrote a bad review a couple of weeks ago about this item because I got this Yoda thinking that it was a talking doll and it was not. As the other reviewers said this Yoda growls. I was so mad that I contacted the company explaining the situation. I also sent them this amazon link showing that under product features it says the phrases the Yoda says. After emailing back and forth for a couple of times they realized their mistake and sent me a real talking Yoda. I had to send back the growling Yoda (they paid for the shipping in both cases).  So, if you get this growling Yoda, no worries, just email the company (underground toys) explaining your situation and they'll send you the original talking Yoda.
Perfect well made.
Perfect for my Toy story photoshoot
Very cute!  Very cute!
Nice Transaction  Nice
Great product!!!! Thank you!
Agnes  Our grand-daughter loved this! It's adorable and lights up! She carries it everywhere. Also, very soft and a good travel companion.
Amazing  Awesome plush. Very soft and looks like the one in sanshee. It is totally worth it.
My 2 year old grandson absolutely loves this! My daughter says it is his new "lovey" and he won't go anywhere (especially not to bed) without it.
Love it
My new favorite Barbie, that will not poke my eyes out. Sorry no picture doll delivered. dang it..  I love this doll, now your daughter can sleep with Tinkerbell, that's soft mom's it's not typically a Barbie doll.
It was a gift and very much appreciated!
So cute
A favorite for FNAF fans.
Darkrai is silver  Came with 2 darkrai codes 
Great
My kids loved it.  As advertised.  Would order again. This Peppa is pretty big. Great size at a great price. I also ordered George.
Came as ordered, I'm pleased
Easter kitty  A very cute turquoise bunny ears. Just another cute kitty for my daughter's collection. They are just so cute. I would call it a Easter bunny kitty. Looking forward to getting more.
Love Peppa!  My daughter loves Peppa Pig.  This was really inexpensive, and my daughter really likes it.  Good bargain.
Mario Raccoon  This arrived very quickly and in perfect condition.  My son LOVES it.  I am very pleased with my purchase.  I would recommend it to anyone who has a child that loves Mario.
Blue to the Rescue  Our youngest daughter fell in love with Blue and wanted one for Christmas and I searched for one high and low.  Thankfully i found this one!!  Came in a timely fashion and is a quality product.
Great buckle toy  My toddler has been obsessed with buckles lately and this is perfect, so instead of playing with the dog collar, his brother's bike helmet, or playing with the stroller clasp, he now has a toy with lots of buckles and clasps that can go anywhere with him.  We are very happy.
excellent quality  Excellent Quality. Love it. Super soft
Excellent in quality!  Very well made.  My granddaughter's favorite stuffed animal!!  I was very pleased with the quality of both the materials and construction.
Excelent !!!
Yay, good quality is back!  The first wave of Black and White mini-plushes left a lot to be desired. Problems like over-stuffing and poorly sewn mouths were on nearly every plush I saw in stores, and the overall quality just wasn't that great. I was wondering if the superb quality of the last couple of waves (of pre-B&W plush) was just a fluke. Fortunately, it seems like the previous Black and White mini-plush hit a bumpy road, and all is well again. Series 2 just started showing up in stores earlier this month, and all of them are very well-made. My daughter picked out Deerling and Minccino first, and we'll be going for the others soon. Even I went 'awww!' out loud when I saw this little pink deer on the shelf.  Deerling is incredibly cute, and looks exactly as she does in the stock picture above. She can even stand up on her own if you adjust her legs a little. The material she's made of isn't as soft as the kind they used for Celebi, Jirachi and the others in those waves, but it's still very soft and kids will love to cuddle with this little deer. The colors aren't too bright or too dull- they looked about right to me, based on the tag attached to her. The flower on her head isn't as wimpy as Snivy's arms from the last series, which is a huge plus in my book. All the stitching and work on the eyes and mouth look great, and I have zero complaints about her. There's nothing to watch out for, no areas that could rip or break easily, but as usual, if she needs to be washed, use a damp cloth instead of throwing her in the washing machine.  Of all the Pokemon from Series 2, I think Deerling is going to be one of the two most popular. She's too adorable for kids or parents to pass up, and looks great with all the other mini Pokemon. And like I always say with these, do NOT give in to the online prices. These guys just came out, and if they're not in your stores yet, just keep waiting. I remember it took about a month before Series 1 hit the east coast, so just be patient and you'll get a good deal. And keep Deerling in mind as a stocking stuffer too! What Pokemon fan would've love to see her head poking out of their stocking?
shipped fast and great quality.  Cute, shipped fast and great quality.
Perfect condition, adorable, fun to carry around, good snuggle buddy.
Ok
Great product
Cute realistic dinosaur  Very cute, bought this for the ring bearer in our wedding.  My husband asked for one too.  It was much cuter and more realistic looking than the picture
birthday gift to me niece she loved it
My grandson loved it!  So soft!  My grandson loved it!
I love this cute toy!  This toy is really great for someone who is a Star Wars fan like myself. It is so cute because it talks and sounds exactly like Chewy. It would be cool if he would say different sounds but everything he says sounds the same so it really isn't a big deal. So I give it a good rating because its just too cute! (:
Very pleased
Great quality plush for my 7 year old!
Very cute.
It was all that my granddaughter wanted to play with, it was a hit.  Thanks
i love it but so small
My daughter loves it
Great item!
it keeps him busy for a good half hour or so  My son loves this, it keeps him busy for a good half hour or so. It's really nice quality and much softer than I expected
Soft Cushiony eyes  My Daughter LOVES Elmo, And his eyes are not plastic so It is Perfect,, Its a perfect toy for Under 1 year old
Bought this item for my sister who loves dinosaurs and the JW film. Product has neat fabric texture that visually resembles the scaly reptilian skin. The eyes are sewn in and not a cheap iron - on material. The fins, however, are a singular piece of the soft blue textured fabric. May have been ideal if more material was considered in constructing them, but I suppose as long as one is cautious, the fins can remain intact. The dorsal spike is a nice touch.  It's apparent that there is little to no resemblance to the film's mosasaurus, but tje cartoony oddity of its visual character certainly satisfies children such as my sister.  Overall, a well made product, and sized well for children - small, light, safe for travel.  Though for the price, a few dollars less may have been an ideal price.
It's a great item for any Steven Universe Collector  It's a great item for any Steven Universe Collector! The skin looks a little pinker than what's shown in the picture but it's cool.
Super cute  Super cute
Great  Great product. Great experience
So cute and a great size.  Love these!!
Doing the collection...
Exceeds my expectations  Hank is very detailed for a plush toy and is a great gift for anyone who's seen the movie
Great! And you can turn it off.  I was so glad to find this Barney here for my toddler! We've had it for a long while now and in our experience this is a very durable toy. The "I love you song" is very clear and it is neither too loud not too soft. It is easy to hug Barney to start the song and he is the right size for a toddler. The purple color is true to the TV show.  One of my favorite features is that you can turn it off! Some toys make that a little difficult. But with this one you just have to open the Velcro, pull out the little music box and turn it OFF. Great if your child wants to sleep with Barney or insist on taking him places where music is not allowed.  The only thing I wish this product had was volume control.
Loved it. Thanks.
This little guy is da bomb!  This little guy is da bomb!
MY GRANDSON LOVED IT!  MY GRANDSON LOVED IT!!  THE DOLLS WERE BETTER THAN I EXPECTED AND THEY ARRIVED IN PLENTY OF TIME FOR CHRISTMAS. MADE BOTH ME AND MY GRANDSON VERY HAPPY.  THANKS SO MUCH.
Well made, very soft and plush.  Well made,very soft and plush.
Cute  Cute
The buckle toy is so helpful for traveling a international flight because it keep by baby busy and distracted.
Great
Just what my son want wanted.
Perfect!  Piglet is adorable!!! Now my favorite Bear has his best friend, Piglet.
Very cute Peter Rabbit  I love the size of this little guy...perfect for infants. Comparable to a beanie baby. He was very cute and well put together. Made a great baby shower gift.
response to review  I used 5 of these to replace some really ugly lambs on a mobile for a baby bed. I love them !
Loved it  Atrived sooner than expected date which was awesome my 11m loved it it soo soft... love that it talks more than one pr 2 phrases LOVE IT we are gonna buy the rest of the set when we can thank you
Well my son has Autism and he is in love with his baby zombie  Well my son has Autism and he is in love with his baby zombie! He is only 4 and a half and gives her kisses like crazy!
ABSOLUTELY AWESOME QUALITY!! Grab one if you like plush mario characters  ABSOLUTELY AWESOME QUALITY!! Grab one if you like plush mario characters
Made our grandson's birthday.  Exactly what he wanted.
Great product!  Exactly what my 3yr old wanted from Santa!! Very cute. Great quality 
Love this.
I love her. :D  I'm so Happy I bought this Plush. She turned out amazing. She is cute, and made of really nice materials. My only concern is her bangs are really fragile, and I'm afraid I might rip them. Other then that, She's awesome. She has everything I wanted her to have. (Her leek, belt chain, panties, etc.) She was well worth the price I paid, and got to my house it a matter of a few days.
Good quality stuffed animal - very soft and fluffy!
Love!
Great quality and value.  Comes from China, but it doesn't have that weird plastic smell.
Really soft grandbaby loves him
Cute and durable.  Very cute doll that our 4 year old granddaughter loved. Sturdy and durable at a reasonable price.
Clarice  Such a soft sweet toy. My granddaughter loves to cuddle up with her and to also play dress up! Recommended.
Loved this! Very cute and easy to hang  Loved this!  Very cute and easy to hang.
Another great PC cordless product  I own just about every 19.2v PC tool. This is a stout product line and the Tiger Saw (I always just called them "sawzalls") from PC can cut through anything with the right blade.  You will need more than one battery, as has already been stated, but if you want lots of power, you are going to sacrifice battery life. That's just physics. This tool has lots of power, so I make sure I've got backup batteries. I have a multitude of them since I own so many 19.2 devices, so keeping a fleet of batteries charged is a non-issue for me. PC's newer chargers and batteries are better than they were three years ago, so anyone who had bad experiences with the older chargers really should contact PC for a replacement.  One recommendation: when you get the saw, it will come with a very basic blade. Keep it, but go and order yourself a couple of other blades, because the one it ships with will not impress you. I would suggest a long, combination blade for general use, a carbide blade for cutting metals, and a fine-tooth blade for more precision work.  Nothing beats a good sawzall, and this is a great one.
Nephew loves.  This little guy made my young nephew very happy.  It is well made so there are no issues letting him take it to bed.  If you have someone small that likes Bob this is cute.
a great birthday present thank you!
I love it!  It's so soft and cute! I love it!
Great mario Plushy  Smaller than I expected,but great none-the less. My son LOVES all things Mario. He really enjoyed receiving this for his 5th birthday.
Cute! I can't wait to go to a pokemon center in Japan. This is as close as I can get for now. :[
Grandson very happy with this.
I hid my first ordered one from myself (guilt). But read reviews! People give these as gifts to sad friends to bring smiles.  I suggest you go for the colorful 4 pack! Im NOT an occultist nor do I put spells on people or name my doll. I use it strictly to relieve stress from a STALKER WHO CAUSES HORRIBLE PTSD reactions and is an evil person who I pray in Jesus name God judges and punishes according to His promises. God actually does take care of me. But this stalker is a very bad, terrible, intrusive, malicious, angry, evil entity I have faith God will protect me from. He has protected me fro other meanness. He will protect me from evil every time. I have 100% faith in God and wait. God is better st punishment than I could ever attempt because he is Almighty and Vengence is his to determine.
Came super fast. My grandson loves hise Mouse.
Great quality, especially for price  Very impressed with the quality of this pikachu. After reading some of the comments I was worried that it would have problems or be different from the description, but it's been perfect! Bought a year ago and still in great shape. Soft and pretty easy to clean.
very good
Birthday gifts.  I ordered my grandson three of these for his birthday. He absolutely loves them. This was a very good buy.
Love and Beauty Shock  I was surprised at how gorgeous this doll was while being insanely cute at the same time! The material is soft and high quality. Her red bow is so big and poofy it's adorable! Most Venus dolls the bow is way to small to see so this was a smart move. I reccomend this doll for any Venus fan!
Vivi looks great, the shipping flattened his hat a little but just needing some adjusting. The price is kinda steep for a plush doll! I guess you pay for the brand name, I wish SE made more toys like this for collection.
my 6 yo son thought it was the perfect size. Very happy with this purchase  While small, my 6 yo son thought it was the perfect size. Very happy with this purchase. Processed quickly and arrived ahead of forecasted arrival date.
Love it.
I think this is a great way to prepare your teenager for parenthood  My daughter adores this plush toy.  She calls him her baby and wraps him in a blanket and feeds him with a bottle.  I think this is a great way to prepare your teenager for parenthood.
I didn't purchase for a toy  I purchased this for a Christmas present to my son who is an author and writes about the message Rafiki tells.  This items looks much better than it's picture.  Thank you so much.
Really cute and granddaughters loved it.
My granddaughter loves it. Thank you
disney/pixar toy story exclusive 11in deluxe plush bullseye the horse figure  purchased this for my son, dallas when he was 3yrs old bcuz he was so into toy story 3 & everything that comes w/all of the movies.  we had already bought him a woody that has a pullstring & says many many different sayings & a buzz lightyear that also talks & has all the bells & whistles @toysrus when he wanted a bullseye for them to ride like in the movie & his toy story 3 game for the ps3.  we found it @amazon.com at a much cheaper price than the disney store had it & it was a much nicer quality than the one we found at their website.  it was definitely cheaper than the one we ended up seeing when we went to disneyland in california that was at the toy story mania store in california adventure when we got done w/the ride.  we did end up purchasing a jessie doll that talks & has pullstring also but bought it from the ts mania store bcuz he wanted her & we told him he could pick out whatever he wanted & he wanted her.  :) totally recommend buying bullseye for the child in your life who is into toy story.
Granddaughter loves it.  My granddaughter loves it. That's good enough for me. Well constructed and good size. It's pink!
Perfect Safe Non-stick for baking!  This is just what I was looking for- great for roasts, lasagna, cakes, crisps, etc... They should have a Cake-Pan listing for this product- it seems to be the only GreenPan baking pan! Cleans up like a breeze. The absolute BEST!!!!!!!
Simple excellent  This customer is excellent because it the product was exactly as they offer.
Kids love this!  My daughter loves stuffed animals and sea animals. Stingrays are hard to find outside of museums and she LOVES sting rays. This is just the right size for her since her favorites are beanie babies. This is a little bigger than a beanie baby but it is just right in her eyes.
Amazing!!!  This is definitely the one of the best gifts you can give an anime fan for their birthday!
High quality  Wasnt sure how it was going to look in person but its very nice.
Love My Narly Harley Narwhal!  As cute and awesome as Narwhals!
Very soft and very cute!
pretty bunny  The Easter bunny brought this beautiful bunny to our house.  My 4 year old loves ballet, and she loves this bunny. They are a perfect match.
THIS IS OFFICIAL MERCHANDISE  He's soft, he's cuddly, he's hanging from my ceiling fan right now! This blooper was too cute to pass up and I'm glad I got him.
Cutie,  even for adults  This is the second Easter gift to my sister and she loved her too!!  She said she never saw such cute stuffed animals like both of them before!
Gru is pleasant  Gru was a big hit at a "LaLaLoopsy party", was a despicable but welcomed surprise!!  Not to mention, a well made item.
Great plush doll!  The description of the toy was just as expected.  The toy was shipped and delivered in ample time.  The quality was as expected based on the product description.  Great toy!
Cute!
so soft!!  my friend loved it!  shes 27 - reat gift for young and old!
Perfect gift for your little troll lover  Good Quality and great likeness to the show. My daughter loves it.
Happy son happy father!  Son loves it and arrived day early which is great!
but my grandsons loved it.  I ordered this in place of the more expensive Elf on the Shelf.  It is very soft and very cute.  It is a bit large for hiding, but my grandsons loved it.
Great plush!  This is a very well made plush. My boy loves it.
Perfect
and the recipient loved it. Thank you  This plushie was a gift, and the recipient loved it. Thank you.
My g-friend loved it. Cute in an "ugly-cute" way and he's fairly cuddly!
Kids love it. Bigger than expected.
My great great niece is 6 and LOVES Peppa Pig  My great great niece is 6 and LOVES Peppa Pig. She got many Peppa Pig toys for Christmas, but she takes this to bed with her every night. It arrived quickly and is a great value for the big size and it's so cuddly and soft!
OFFICIALLY LICENSED NINTENDO PRODUCT... :)  GOT A REAL LITTLE BUDDY TANOOKI! I'm SO HAPPY WITH IT!!!!!  There are a lot of sellers out there selling COUNTERFEIT MARIO PLUSHES, be CAUTIOUS! THERE ARE SEVERAL YOUTUBE VIDEOS on how to tell the difference on an authentic one and the FAKES.
My granddaughter loves it!!!
The blender you want  I've owned this blender for a decade. It's still going strong, smashing ice like a champ. The simplified on/off fast/slow toggles are completely sufficient, and the metal jar is unbreakable. I've had to replace the rubber gasket once ($3), but the motor continues to whir along happily.
So Cute  Nicely made and so adorable.
My nieces love them!
Awesome
Brilliant  Great product
Lalaloopsy soft Sugar Cookie doll  This little doll is adorable, it is a little bigger than the soft dolls, it measures 13 inches which is very nice size to cuddle and hug.  My granddaughter loves her
... was a present for my granddaughter and it is beautiful. My granddaughter really loved it  This was a present for my granddaughter and it is beautiful.  My granddaughter really loved it.
Item as shown  Plush and soft - item as shown
really cute, but smaller than expected.
well made  just a good all around stuffed animal for your children and even the small infants love the feel and texture.
Son loved it  good price Toy's  R  Us had same Dragon for much more fast shipping
Excellent!
Holy s*** snacks!
Kram begs a hug  I like Kram better in the Little Ugly size than in the Classic Ugly size. Beautiful color! Expressive ears and sweet pink teeth are Kram's irresistible features. Plus he seems to be pleading for a hug.
Good size and quality. Just as pictured.
Bought this for our daughter for Christmas and she loves it!  Dora is nice and soft, the colors are bright, stitching seems to be good, and I love that the backpack is attached so it doesn't get lost.  Great size for our little toddler (it's about 7" tall, so it's easy for her to hold and put in her Dora backpack).  Would definitely buy again!  Update: June 2014 We've now had this doll for 1.5 years and our daughter still loves her! Dora has held up really well so far to lots of play time. :)
Beautiful toy, good material. My son loves it!
It's amazing  Love this :3
Great gift for movie lovers! My daughter loves it! Wish it was a bit bigger.
Barney  Was exactly what i wanted ands expected.  My 1yr old grandsons favorite gift.
Worked well. If our kitten started biting we substituted Freddie for our hand.
Grandchildren have almost the entire collection, this one is a favorite
Granddaughter fell in love immediately!
My son's favorite toy! It comes with a string attached to his head, and on the end of the string is a little suction cup. He has fun sticking it to mirrors, windows, etc.  Ordering the other frozen plants as well.
Great car entertainer  Great for toddlers learning to buckle!  She's into buckling everything now!  She especially likes the different buckles, and the zipper around the edge.
Great toy for Godzilla loving kids. Sturdy, soft, yet ferocious. Good price.
beautiful keepsake.  well worth the price. beautiful keepsake.
Yes  It was great quality and super cute lol
GREAT PRODUCT  Just what we needed to have and at a very great price. Definitely recommend this to all of you looking for this.
Yoshiiiiii!  I ordered this toy for my 6 year old who is obsessed with all things Mario at the moment. This yoshi just had to be a part of his collection. It has the perfect look and was the perfect size in comparison to the other Mario characters we ordered. We are very pleased with this purchase. Thanks!
My grandson loves the Goomba and is very happy with it.
Niece very excited!!
elmo singing is a good toy for toddlers especially sesame street fans  la la la, la, la, la. Its a toy that my baby likes, then I like it, because it helps keep her having fun with her cousins.
Yoshi!!!  Bought this for my 2yr old son for Christmas.  I'm surprised it's still in one piece very durable.  My son hardly goes anywhere with out it.  Reminds me of my video game playing Mario and Yoshi days.  The most people that notice it and comment on it when we're out are adults and young adults that reminisce on their Mario days, when they see it. My son even sleeps with it when he goes to bed.  Great toy for little ones!!!
This elephant is super cute, cute, cute...
WAH  The upside down "L" on his hat is a little crooked and off-center but otherwise he looks perfect. WAH.
my doughter loved it  but a bit expensive plus postage  also mind we buy for little kids so should be more affordable,,
Five stars  I bought Reese too and they're perfect together. A+ on this plush :)
Loves it!
It is what it says it is.  Great grandsons love these stuffed Mario toys.
Priceless. Unbelievably cute.  Priceless.  Unbelievably cute.
Great for little girls  Good quality toy for girls who love Foxes! We ended up ordering a second one for my other daughter since we loved the first so much.
All ok  Peter rabbit arrived in a elegant box and in well conditions.
Very cute  This is the cutest stuffed animal.  Bought it for a special little girl who loves Lorax.  It's hard to find the Lorax characters and this was just the right size for little hands and so very soft.  Just perfect.
looks exactly like the picture  This was a Christmas gift, and it's gorgeous! Solidly made, looks exactly like the picture, and very well received.
Daughter loves these!!!  I really can't say enough about Disney products. They are very well made and are at an unbelievable price point. Compared to other products in the same price range these FAR EXCEED in quality. I think they are the best made children's toys on the market. I cotinue to come back to Disney products and have never been disappointed!
Awesome  They were exactly as described would order again!
This is one fine bird. It's hard to tell in the stock photo, but the color on the neck and tail part of the pigeon kind of "ombres" out onto the body, which adds to the realism. The stitching is well done, the body is pliable but nicely stuffed, and there are metal rods in the legs that let the bird stand upright. It is a little on the pricey side, but well worth saving up for. 10/10 would recommend for fellow bird lovers :-)
Super cute and soft!  Too cute! I had to get this because of the SUPER MARIO BROTHERS SUPER SHOW! There is a Episode where Princess Peach gets tossed into the Fountain of Youth and becomes a baby again!
My son loved it.
Grandson loves it  Grandson loves it
My daughter loves it!  This is cute and high quality for a great price!
I don't care how small it is- it's awesome.  So, a lot of people are saying it's small, I don't care. It's a higher quality than most pokemon plushies, and for the woman who said her granddaughter was sad.. I feel so bad for her, because she has it so good that her family didn't buy her the cheap $2.00 plush!!! It's awesome.
Perfect gift  The plushies were perfect!! All super soft and large. An absolutely fantastic price for the whole set. My son loves them!!!
Great product!  It's perfect for keeping my change and it shipped much quicker than I thought!
Cute snakes met kids requests.  Kids loved them!
My dog's favorite toys  We have a standard size labradoodle who carries one of these around in his mouth every single day.  He likes the interactive aspect of the toy and has learned to bite it in just the right way to make it "talk".  After repeated usage the sound chip wears out and the toy falls silent.  He still loves the quiet ones, just not as much.  I replace the ones that have been loved to the point of thorough icikiness with new ones and the cycle begins anew.
They're pretty round and lumpy considering the square designs  They're pretty round and lumpy considering the square designs, and the creeper's head had a hole blown in it, but after a bit of sewing and loose string trimming they were perfectly good. Very, very soft fabric. The kids adore them.
His Name is Winnie and my girlfriend loves him.
Delivered and works as indicated.  No issues.
My granddaughter loves it!!! Perfect with our grandson's 48" Mickey although I paid half as much for Mickey. Still, it was worth it.
Boo really is cutest  I got this as birthday gift for a grandchild, and was very pleased. He is so soft and is really sweet. I feel sure that it will be a favorite
very nice feel, good quality  Got for the kids, very nice feel, good quality.
GUND Elmo  This is our 6th Elmo from GUND, she still love it, so far this is the best quality compared with others we had purchased.
my daughter loves it!
super cute, and soft  Bigger than expected, super cute, and soft. My daughter will love this, thanks!!
My baby girl loves Barney  We didn't find Barney in the stores so we were happy that we find it here, because my daughter loves Barney. The delivery was very fast (faster than we expected) so thank you very much !
Loved it
Cute  Love.
It needs new batteries but my niece is going to LOVE IT!  It's so cute! It needs new batteries but my niece is going to LOVE IT!!
Good purchase  My son loves it. Nothing has ripped, and it's not too big, not too small.
You can change its pose!  Got this for my nephew! It's really neat and I love how you can bend it into different shapes!
my little nephew is crazy about this little plush!!
A Great Pal  Got this for my nephew, he loves it. The perfect little playmate for a young kid. Where is the rest of the cast.
not as small as reviews say  I was sceptical  ordering these cause of reviews. 17.99 for four seemed too good to be true. Trust me these are just as big as the ones you see at hot toipc  or any other store. They sell about for10 each at hot topic so this a value.
Like
Cute  It's small but my daughter loves it takes it everywhere.
He's PERFECT   I love him so much. My husband sent me him while he was deployed, and I cuddle with him while we video chat. I've been a Stitch fan for years and I adore him.
special gift  this gift was bought for a special friend during a very trying time. He loves Homer. I will buy from this company again. They have more Homers to choose from.
My son loves this puppy plush toy! So cute and fluffy!
Soft and cute  The stitching is also tight.
Perfect gift!  So cute and soft. Gave as a gift to a friend and she loved it! I know it's not something that she will get from anyone else and that she will love it... cause look at it, it's adorable!
great  Great item for the price. Great material and fast shipping.
It is a good size for her to sleep with  My daughter loves it. It is a good size for her to sleep with.
Love it
Love Toothless!  Love it!  Now I have to pry it out of my husband's hands.....to give it to my nephew!  Toothless is awesome!  After viewing several of these on line, I chose this because it looked better than the others.  It was a really good choice!
Very Cool!  Its big enough to hold 2 bundles of bananas and then some. Built very solid. NO regrets here! It gives such character to our kitchen!
cute, soft, squishy, and lovable!!  All I have to say to this is OH MY GOSH!!!  I love this, its soft and cute and everything I was hoping it would be. I went with the 2 day shipping and it got here on time. Nothing is wrong with the item no tears or loose threads. So in love with how cute it is. Perfect for kids, really anyone.
LOVE IT FUNNY AND FURY .
Great quality  Very nice quality! My friend's son loved it so much!
our grand daughter loved this gift
Got this for my niece  Got this 6 inches fluff stuffed toy for my niece for her upcoming birthday next week. The kid loves Hello Kitty so much and I am sure that she is gonna go gorilla crazy when I give it to her.
Ultimate Winnie  We got this Winnie the Pooh many years ago from saving up Winnie the Pooh clothes labels. This has been used by my daughter for 18 yrs and now for our 2 yr. old daughter. It has stood up to a lot of rough play over the years, the eyes nose and mouth have never come off, excellently stitched. The only thing we've had to do is repair a tear and clean off juice spills. This toy has been used, it is not just for show, and is a very durable toy, it can be roughhoused around and cleaned when dirty. Not many of these super jumbos around.
I love this plush doll  I love this plush doll! It is super cute and it's voice is pretty quiet. The price of this doll is totally worth it. I love the movie frozen.
Worth it for the kids that are FNAF enthusiasts  As described. Good quality.  The kids absolutely love them
it is very soft and a good size for my son to have as his lovey
Soft and sweet.  Adorable and so cute.
Kids will love it.  My grandson said, "I love my Pluto."
HAPPINESS FOR A 7 YR. OLD IS PURPLE & WILD!!  This is an absolute for Minion fans!  My grandson said it is a 5 star for sure! Thanks for the fast delivery.  I heard, "Is it here yet?" over and over.
My Little was over joy with his new Kirby!!!
So cute and perfect for young toddlers!  So cute! Great to have with the book or as a collectors piece. Would definitely buy again and again. Perfect size and great for young toddlers!
Good quality in original condition  Delivered as promised. Good quality in original condition!
Love this doll!
Gave it to my grandson who is in love with the movie  Gave it to my grandson who is in love with the movie. As he can be rough with his toys, it's holding up well.
Waited so long for this to come out! My son loved it! My only complaint is that it was priced a little high.
love this pink princess  These are the cutest pups. I'm a insta friend with princess so I'm happy to get this little dog
Arrived as promised
My niece love it well made and super cute  My niece love it well made and super cute
Product is as expected.
Absolutely gorgeous!!!
So cute.  My daughter absolutely loves it. She's a big monster high fan.
Great gift!  Great!
Soft cuddly
The best psychic kitty  Super cute! And, yes, it is an official Tomy plush from the Pokemon X/Y series.  Same height and materials as the current standing Espeon small plush on offer at Pokemon Center, very soft and with good build quality.  It's a little pricier than some of the current PC plushes, but considering this specific model seems to have been discontinued, it's definitely worth it if you're a collector.
Yay  Ordered this for my son for Christmas. He loves it! The bendy wings and the colors are fantastic!
great product
Both Grandchilren love theirs.  Soft and snuggly. Both Grandchilren love  theirs.
Grandson really liked it!  Grandson really liked it!
Cute!  Bought this for my 2yr old nephew and it is great.  Super soft, cuddly and a great size for him to carry around (..and throw at his older brother).
Cute and well made.  Bought this for my daughter. She loves it and the overall construction is very nice. If your a fan of Totoro and have a kid this will be a great present.
Quite large and certainly cute, although with some slightly odd proportions (looks a bit more FA18 Hornet than F16 in terms of proportions). Very soft and plush, although the wings are somewhat rigid to maintain shape.
Adorable  Adorable stuffed animal.  Daughter loves it.  Well made.  Fast shipping.
Awesome (very large) unicorn, 6 year old loves it  This was a Christmas present for our Unicorn-loving kid. It is *huge*, in a good way. She sleeps with it (under it?) every night. Quality is good, looks just as pictured.
Super cute. My son loved them.
sweet yeah  I love Sailor Moon and to be able to have her companion as a stuffy, including Artemis i am over joyed
Awesome doll. My daughter loves it. :)
My son is very happy, thank you.
Also very important. Not screwed up
Totally cuter than I expected.
Great!!!!  Great for our 3 year old love it
Very well made!  Colors are true to picture and so far the are holding up to a lot of love!  They are a great size and i would definitely recommend this item to others!
It actually arrived pretty early and my girlfriend was very happy with it.
adorable
Cute!  Bigger then I expected which is great!
SO FLUFFY
great doll  This was a big hit for my niece. Very well made. Delivered on time.
Awesome product! Perfect quality and size!
Gave as a birthday gift for a 12 year old who loved it!  So cute.  Gave as a birthday gift for a 12 year old who loved it!
As advertised  Kids finally got into the Monsters Inc movie so i had to order Sulley.  They love it.  Its already been pulled, smashed, beaten, among other things and is still holding together.  Good quality and it has the little Disney seal/stamp of "quality" on it.
Well worth the wait!  Minecraft official. Our son loved receiving it this morning for his 9th birthday! Great product, arrived a day later than expected, but completely okay with it because it was perfect! Thank you!
It's the perfect size for her  My 2 yr old grandchild loves this toy. It's the perfect size for her.
Perfect....exactly as I expected!
Fantastic learning toy  Fantastic learning toy. We purchased this as a gift for an eighteen month old and he works with it constantly. It's great to watch him as he concentrates so hard on getting the buckles just right.
Nice little tenderizer!  Great for tenderizing inexpensive cuts of meat and getting them ready for marinates.  Works well.
Girlfriends united at last!  I've been looking for a small seated Sailor Neptune plush to go with my Uranus plush I bought a few years ago. The uniform's blouse material has a nice sheen and the hangtag announcing this as officially licensed 20th anniversary merchandise is cute. My only complaint is that I wish the hair was the same material on both sides; it's rougher on the side near the face. Still highly recommended!
We love it! Great quality plush
nice
luv it... it doesn't look like in the pic but its still cute and in a good condition
Grandson loved adding this Pokmon to his collection thank you 
Cute nightlight friend once I removed speaker.  I bought this for my 2 year old son who adores Daniel tiger, dissapointed when the talking made him scared. He liked the light I know this because he loves his flashlight friend that belonged to his brother. So I decided to work on it, I unscrew the sound box and pulled off the little speaker from the two white wires, screwed the backing back together and problem solved light still works, stays on the longest on sleeping mode, he now loves it and is no longer afraid, This Mom made it work.
Awesome  For my 8 yr old grandson but really cool for anyone into Star Wars. Really liked the high durable slick materials used and great stitching. Perfect 8" size for shelf display or bed buddy. Good choice
Would definitely recommend buying.  So very cute and cuddly!!! Would definitely recommend buying.
Soft and cushy  My 6 year old recently discovered Pokemon and loves her Pikachu. She's had it for two months now, takes it everywhere with her and still sleeps with it at night. So far it has held up very well and was certainly worth the $13.25 that I paid for it.
Great Service and Product  I ordered the furby for my daughter for Christmas and it was perfect for her she loved it and I enjoyed watching it dance to my music on my smart phone!!!! Delivery was on time and there were no defects with the product saved me a lot of time and money!!
loved it
LOVE IT  Great quality and came in earlier than expected!!
Hilarious  This was great. Got it for my brother. Everything fit together and worked well. Great piece of memorabilia.
Best baby lovie!  My daughter is obsessed with these. We have 3, and thank goodness, because they are no longer sold. Customer service is amazing as well!
Adorably cute small baby elephant  Bought this as a present for someone. The elephant has a very strong cute factor. I like the footprint of the toy, which is pretty much the same size as a standard Nerf football. Ears and rest of body are made out of super soft, cuddly plush material. For what you are getting this is a great price from Amazon. Recommended.
Perfect for little hands  Perfect for little hands. My kids are 3 and 17 months old and they both enjoy this toy. It helps with their motor skills.
Nice Doll  Nothing overly spectacular about this doll.  It's pretty much what you would expect.  Daughter complained a little about not being very "cuddly" due to the fact that Sandy has a hard plastic bubble over her head, but how else is a mammal supposed to live under water?
Very good  My daughter loves it
Very soft and pretty. My daughter takes it to bed every night  Bought this for one daughter and the other one stole it, so had to buy another. Lol. Ended up buying two. Very soft and pretty. My daughter takes it to bed every night.
Authentic Disney Product  Great buy! My little girl is loving this Sven plush. Its very soft and detailed with the Disney authentic embroidered logo. Absolutely recommend this to a friend!
Birthday Present  I got this R2-D2 plush toy for my nephew for his birthday. He wanted a R2-D2 dog and this was the best I could do. He loved it anyway.
Very cute and good size
Adorable  Adorable, looks like the real thing, we had good laughs because of this plus toy, my dogs were afraid of it and then they started barking  at it, it was really funny. Anyway its adorable.
Awesome toy!!  My daughter LOVES this toy. She is 20 months old and is obsessed with buckles. It keeps her entertained for a long time, and we always make sure we have it in the car and the diaper bag for when we're out and about.
Loved it.
Good Bonnie  Good product
She absolutely loved them! They were a tad pricey  I purchased this as a gift for my daughter who is currently into Five Nights at Freddy's. She absolutely loved them! They were a tad pricey. I have never paid this much for a stuffed animal, but her happiness when she opened it was priceless and worth every penny! Very good quality, hoping there will be more to the set.
Minnie  Purchased for my 2 year old Great Granddaughter...she loves it  and takes her everywhere along with Mickey. Great buy. Was not impressed with the shipping though.
Perfect  I wasn't expecting it to be exactly what I hoped for. It's extremely soft and looks just like the picture. If anything, it actually looks better than the photo used for this product. It's a high quality plush and I love it.
Great product thank you
A+++++ Seller and items received as expected.
sooooooooooo sofffffftttt!  Great price, fast shipping, and my daughter sings to it (with it??) constantly! Someone later posted a link to the same product (as a sale item) and it was more than I paid! Love a good deal! Thanks!
My daughter loves it and it stays in her bed, PS she's 18.
Would buy again  Very cute, my niece loved them.
Love it 
So Cute!  Excellent product, perfect for the new baby. Very soft,cute and baby safe. Joey attached securely to mother Sydney. Light weight easy for baby to push away. Very happy with this purchase.
Would order again!
Was a gift for my son's birthday and he loved it.  Delivered on time.  Was a gift for my son's birthday and he loved it.
It's pete!  A great reminder of the those beautiful American ballads he used to sing. I would give more stars if I could.
I was very happy with my purchase.
Good Product!  My daughter and the other adults that act like big kids in my family LOVE playing with this!
Good deal  Adorable !
God value  Cute.  True to size stated.
Very cute my cousin loved it
So cute! Great quality!  This is so cute. HOWEVER, I got this same miku from comicon for $5
big numbers  Love it, love it...easy to use and see the BIG numbers...I own several of this particular model.
Tummy Stuffer  My five-year old grandson has been asking for a Tummy Stuffer for some time now.  He got it yesterday and absolutely loves it.  They look bigger in the TV commercial.  Oh well...he doesn't seem to mind!
Grandson loved it
Daughter Loves it  Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Soft and cute and seems to hold up to some good abuse
love it
Very cute !  Very cute !  I bought my son to alligators for his Christmas gift &  this was one of them , the other one was  much softer ,  but he totally favored this crocodile !  He is super adorable and really has a unique Looks.  We also purchased a book which together is a perfect pair ! he brings his plush everywhere he goes!  Very excited about this purchase  !!  The stitching is really good quality and he is a good size for  carrying around .  Also he's the perfect size for a two-year-old to hold !  Just perfect !!!!! not too small not too big
My son is happy with this plush  My son loves this plush. It's really cute too.
This toy was perfect for a little one who's just taking an interest in TMNT.  Each character was plush and easy for toddler hands to grip.  Looks even better than the picture!
but this really a great product. The shipping was super fast  I almost never write reviews, but this really a great product. The shipping was super fast, arrived a lot before I expected it to. This is a surprise gift for my son, I am sure he will love it.
My kid loves them
Cuddly <3  I love my baby noface. He's so small and soft and cute.
My grand daughter loved it.
Five stars  So cute my boyfriend loves it!
Very glad I ordered him  He is soooo cute!  And very well made. Very glad I ordered him.
He's adorable and so soft  He's adorable and so soft. The suction cup is great and he stays suctioned to our window no problem.
Good product
Adorable and sounds just like Tip in the movie, Home. Well-made and our granddaughter loves her AND the movie!
Ordered the small but got the medium. Cute as a button though!
Recipient loved it!!!
Lovely Haru Plushie -- Soft, Cuddly, and Adorable!  These new 2015 G.E. Animation "Free!" plushies are fantastic in quality! I love to collect them. The big shimmery round bubble eyes on these "Free!" characters just draw me in with their cuteness; it is as if these plushies are begging you with kitten eyes to hug them and take them home!  I got Haruka at my local Hot Topic store and picked him out myself. Like his friends, he is absolutely adorable! His slick black hair is shiny and soft, sewn onto his head in intricate layers and graceful folds of thin high-quality fabric that hold the perfect accurate shape of his hairstyle. Very lovely quality and detail! He has beautiful big blue bubble eyes, and a serious but gentle expression that encapsulates his personality. Like his friends, Haruka sports a cool white and blue swim team jacket, and the fabric is very durable all around. His swim trunks reach down to his knees, differing from the Rin, Rei, and Makoto plushies, but similar to Nagisa. His tummy is very soft and squishy, making him cuddly and huggable in addition to being collectible. Holding these cute, soft, big-eyed plushies in my hands and squeezing them is like a stress-reliever for me. They are durable and can definitely withstand cuddles.  I noticed right away that my Haru is very special in the way that he was made. Instead of looking directly straight forward like all the other Haruka plushies that I saw at the store, I noticed that mine has a head that is turned slightly to the side as if he is distracted and warily glancing at something (I'm not sure if this is obvious in the photos I've included, but his head is definitely turned to the side a bit). This is the reason I chose this particular Haru plush out of all of the "normal" ones -- he was one of a kind! It seems to be a slight abnormality in the way his head was stitched on, but I love it because it gives him so much character and makes him unique without being a defect!  I honestly didn't expect to collect all of the "Free!" plushies, but I ended up falling in love with these unique characters after I ordered Rei. They are awesome and adorable, and Haru completed my set. Very pleased with him, and all his friends.  This is a plush of top-notch quality, excellent for a collection, and/or to cuddle. Recommended to plushie lovers of all ages. I don't watch anime, but I love collecting anime plushies of boy hero characters. Anyone can enjoy these excellently-made plush toys. They are cute and collectible.
nice
Granddaughter loved its.
This pelican is absolutely adorable.  It is so soft and fluffy.
An amazingly soft, huggable, cute likeness of Bailey, the Beluga Whale who befriends Dory and Destiny.  This Disney/Pixar Finding Dory velour-covered pillow is an outstanding likeness of Bailey, the Beluga whale that serves as the eyes and "special underwater glasses" for Dory, Destiny (the whale shark who befriended Dory as her "pipe-pal"), Marlin, Nemo, and Hank (the amazing "septopus"). This doll is an excellent and ber-huggable likeness of Bailey. Most importantly, my granddaughter LOVE THIS DOLL! An incredible doll at a very reasonable price and delivered promptly/safely intact.
A Winner  My Lady loves boo and we are very happy with this little guy,he made her day. He`s a very special guy around here.
Great product, happy cat!  Great products. Tried a ton of different "higher end" cat foods like California Natural, Evo, and Wellness. Our girl took to this one so fast! She loves it, and not only that but her coat became much more shiny and she even lost a pound! Used to buy this from a Whole Foods but when we moved away I couldn't bring myself to get her anything else - so Amazon it is!
My grandson loves it
great buy  Really good for under 2 years old. So have to worry about plastic dolls scratching or poking them and the sound is clear
Gift - and they just loved this item...nothing to complain about...
Awesome!
Took a long time to get but is great
Glad to have found one!
Go Luigi!  This is made sooo well! I had to buy 2! one as a gift, of course, hehe, but Luigi with the Fox suit from New Super Mario Bros 2 is just great! Also, coincidentally, one of my cats' names is Kitsune (japanese for fox), so I just had to get it haha! Great plush, thanks so much!!!
Great and soft product  The mega Charizard came in a eight days early and was not is a vacum sealed air bag (yay). When I took it out of the bag it was in great condition and with the Pokemon center tag still on. I would defiantly recommend this for yourself or even a gift for someone else.
Soft friendly doll  This mere maid doll is great: she can sit, is huggable, and of course has beautiful fabric. Well made too.
good quality product  my kids loved it a lot, very convenient in a good packaging. looking forward to complete the rest of the group.
Perfect gift for Elmo lovers  My 2 year old grandson really loves Elmo and I got this for him for his second birthday.  He just loved it as we all did and we all had fun playing with Elmo. We found that there was so much we could do with him because of his automation, like when he open and shuts his mouth, pretend to feed him or pretend that he is biting us. We had the children laughing uncontrollably they thought it was so funny. We were equably as creative with his animated arms to the delight of the children and other adults.  Of course we used the animation as it was intended also and Elmo loved us to bed every night with his words of love and hugs and kisses.
Great toy for the price I paid  I couldn't beat the price. This Olaf was just a few dollars and he's adorable. He's a good size and says multiple phrases. For the price, I couldn't go wrong with this purchase.
It was perfect. My 3 year old grandson enjoyed it very very much.
Wonderful, wonderful!  Made with the quality I expected. Very we'll constructed and good materials. Should last a huggable lifetime. I would recommend.
cute
Daughter loves this Plush
Bought for my dog.  She loves this toy.
Soft, adorable & as described.  Soft and adorable. Just as described. Any panda lover will adore this cuddly panda girl. Very cute
Recommended  Cute fun toy, the mirror really does grab toddlers attention. I would recommend this, seems well made.
gf loved it
Absolutely wonderful gadget for a toddler! well made, colorful!!
It's so big and fluffy!  My toddler loves all the Gund stuffed animals we've bought. We've washed our smaller Elmo soooo many times and the hair became matted but I know it's not supposed to be put in the washing machine. The seams stay together well though in the washer but it doesn't stay fluffy. This Elmo is really big and cost $20 less than the local toy stores with the same quality.
My son's favorite toy  The texture differences are very intriguing to a baby
My Son is in LOVE!  My son, who just turned one, sleeps with Skipit (or one of his friends) every night.  They are machine washable and tumble dry, so having multiple allows me to give him a fresh, clean friend when needed.  They have all gone through the wash multiple times and they all still look brand new!  These snugglies do not have stuffing in the body and are perfect for his little hands to hold and cuddle.  They provide my son with a great sense of security   Thank you, Bunnies By The Bay, for such an adorable item that my little man loves!
super cute item.  Will work great for the boy room at the lake cabin!!!
Loved them  I am a total biology nerd, and I found some of these at a local store-they were expensive.  I was glad I looked on Amazon, because I saved some money.  Besides the price, I think they great.  My kids loved them and were excited to learn about each of them and what the bacteria really look like.  Great education tool, and a fun way to teach them about science.
Perfect for learning  Purchased for my special needs child to work on therapy goals. It's perfect!
my daughter really wanted this cant wait for her to see this
good quality, son loves it  Cute, true to photo, good quality, son loves it.
Great buy!  Granddaughter loves it, sleeps with it every night.  She loves to play it, the multiple songs keep her going and the light comes in handy as well.
perfect
They are just adorable and so soft  I ordered these for my daughter, who has recently become obsessed with the Avengers, and she LOVES them! They are just adorable and so soft!
Wonderful  So far baby loves it. Washed wonderfully (cold water regular cycle air dried) and dried in a few hours. Nice size and soft. Perfect for toddler hands.
Pleasantly surprised  I was not sure what to expect when I ordered this Charzard for my 8yr old sonbut I was very pleased when it arrived!  It's made with super soft fabric and there is wire in its wings so you can pose it.  The stichting is good and tight.  I would definitely order from this company again.
She loves it!  My daughter loves the buckles! It keeps her busy in the car.  My nieces and nephews saw my daughter's, so we ordered one for each of them too!
My 3 Year Old Loves Dora  We got this toy as an airplance travel distraction, and my daughter thought it was the best thing in the world... Until she lost it during the trip.  We bought it again for her 3rd birthday, and she is still playing with it.  It is one of her favorite toys at the moment, along with the Diego and Boots dolls.  On second thought, I should have given Dora 5 star rating for educational value because it was very helpful during our trip to talk about maps and where we were going next.  I love Dora, too!
It was exactly what I wanted and a great price. I would order again if I needed.
BUY THIS ITS A VERY CUTE PLUSH AND WORTH THE PRICE
Perfect Elmo doll  Very cute. My son recently started liking Elmo so I wanted to get him one of his own. It's soft and the perfect size for my 2 year old.
Gift  Tis was a gife my grandchildren loved so I bought as part of a gift for family member, hope she loves it too
Granddaughter loves it  Granddaughter loves it!
My niece loves it.
Very happy!
As advertised  Nice Elmo doll for a young toddler.
I am a collector of these. Love it  I love this product because 1) It's Hello Kitty and 2) It's my favorite color. I got this product before my spring break vacation. I went on a Bahamas cruise and brought back a little handmade Hello Kitty Bahamas basket personalized with my name. This fits perfect in the basket. I love it.
She arrived brand new and is park authentic
Awesome Comfort Doll!!  We use these in the hospital for elderly, confused, & disoriented patients. They love them so much we give them away to them now. It keeps them occupied with something to do and love. It's Awesome!
Another great giant microbes product  Giant microbes are a hit in our scientific house. This one is just a bit less similar to the actual microbe (not as long and thin, more fat and snake-like) than some others, but has the added bonus of being able to be worn as a bracelet in addition to being a soft and cuddly companion. This is also a sturdy product (but I wouldn't recommend twisting too hard out of shape). Information tag, as with all of the giant microbe products, is very child engaging and informative.
Great monkey new year plush  We wanted something to remind us of our recent trip to San Francisco for the Chinese New Year celebration.  This guy is the perfect cute and quirky lunar new year monkey we were looking for.  Nice size for sitting on our shelf; quality is great and the photo depicts how it actually looks.  Very happy with this purchase!
Buster Buckles  We have had this for a couple months now and my 17 month old daughter loves it.  There is little that will keep her occupied for more than 90 seconds, but this will, she loves the buckles!
Just what was expected, thanks
Very happy.  Looks like the picture. I can't wait for my kids to get it along with Naruto,Sasuke, Sakura, and Gara! :)
Cute!  Grandson loves his giggle ball!
Mickey Mouse snuggler  My two year old loves these and carries it around all the time. Easy to transport since it is small but she loves it. I would recommend for any little Mickey Mouse fan.
Great product.
My son doesn't leave the house without Elmo now. The sleep setting is my favorite part so you don't have to keep going back and forth turning it off an on.
Good value. I compared the price against walmart  Good value.  I compared the price against walmart, who didn't have it for Christmas, and it was less expensive.  My granddaughter loves it.
Good quality - well liked in our home  My 7 year old daughter is crazy about dragon's and absolutely loves this!  She carries it around the house with her (sits on hutch by table for dinner etc.) and sleeps with him on her bed.  It seems to be well made and almost feels like a suede material.  Was larger than I expected, but in a good way.  Would definitely recommend.
Very helpful to have!  My great niece loved this (I gave it to her for Christmas).  She is easily distracted and watching videos when we're out helps her focus on something other than the noise around her.  She'll use this quite a bit!
great for the imagination  My 7 year old daughter loves mario and has so much fun making up storylines with these plush figures; she can spend hours playing with these characters.
Way better than expected  Way better than expected, plays the song in its entirety!  great gift for a friend in his 50's!!  super soft as well
"Mr. Fox" is a part of the family!  This is my 1.5 year old's favorite stuffed animal (puppet). Very soft, and easy to carry around. It even washes well on delicate. We bought this originally at our local Apple Orchard store, and wanted desperately to have an extra on hand, as he has become quite attached! We use both interchangeably and would highly recommend this for any little boy or girl who loves foxes :)
Awesome especially for price!  My son loved this and it arrived sooner than it said it would! Took about three weeks. Made well!
Best! Best!Best!  This is the Best Pokemon ever! Beautiful and Authentic and we love it!
5 stars because why not. Its freakin Skeletor!!!
My niece uses this guy daily and his batteries are still working!
My granddaughter will love it! It's very well made and very colorful  This is the cutest little elephant I've ever seen! My granddaughter will love it! It's very well made and very colorful! Arrived on time.
Great birthday gift for two year olds!
Giftee loved it
Perfect
It was adorable and soft!
Perfect  My son loved them.
So soft~
Love it!
A Great Buy!  Soft & plush it holds it's shape as well as it's weight as a quality product, my kids & I love it & even more love that is was delivered early & in great condition to a home full of cuddles
Facial Cleanser  This is by far the best facial cleanser I have ever used. Sadly it cannot be found in drugstores anymore. It has a tingly feeling without burning. Lite enough to use daily. I would highly recommend this product. Noxema better wake up and continue producing this!
Thanks  kids loved them
USCMBT  I was all set to buy a Dewalt 14V cordless drill but after reading the reviews I decided to buy the Milwaukee.  This is the first Milwaukee tool I have ever bought.  It just happend that a local hardware store had the 18V on sale.  I'm glad I went with the 18V instead of the 14V.  The 18V had to work a little to drive in the 3/8 x 6" lag screws I was putting in.  I used too small of a pilot hole.  But hey, I now know what this drill can do.  Since I have purchased this drill I have yet to use my corded drill.  Because of the quality of this drill I will consider future purchases of Milwaukee products.
Very pretty plush doll and her voice is clear. I  would recommend Plush Annadoll.
So cute!  Super cute toy that makes some great BB8 noises. My son was very happy with this present.
Cool Toy  The toy is very sturdily constructed and huggable and my kid loves it. What more can be said?
Soft, well made, and the perfect size for a toddler  This was given as a Christmas gift to a toddler just over two years old.  Since Christmas morning, she has taken Sulley everywhere.  So far, he's holding up well, and has come out of two washing and drying cycles as fluffy and colorful as the day we pulled him out of the box.  If you've got a little one who loves Monsters, Inc., this would be a solid bet.
Perfect  It was exactly as described in very clean condition
Better than expected
Softer than it looks in the pictures  Got this for my son's 4th birthday, it's his favorite Pokemon.  This has joined his stuffed bunny and plush Kirby in his "must have for bedtime" entourage.
A
Platypus Plush Animal  It's very well built. My girlfriend loves platypuses, which is why I got this for her. I just wish it was a little bit larger. But for $30 it's worth the smile it brought to my girlfriends face :)
All of Graphic 45's stuff is gorgeous.  This is actually cardstock though, not paper.
Great stuffed animal for my car!
Happy  Beautiful bear. I love it. A good size and very plush.  Love him
This item was delivered in a timely manner and it met my expectations regarding softness, quality of material and accurate size.
Love it  Great item, very soft!
She loved it
I love the sewn on eyes  Omg so cute!!!! I love the sewn on eyes. Safe for kids and babies! It's soft and bigger than I expected!
Very satisfied customer
This is such a cute stuffed doll! It looks exactly as pictured Thank you!!
Cute!  Very cute and great quality.
My grand son loved Elmo
My kids love it.
I think this lamb is adorable. I have a small dog that goes crazy when I push on the toy and make it "bah".  He really wants to play with it! It is too expensive to let a dog play with it.  I bought it for a decoration for a baby shower with a lamb theme.  I think it will be a big hit!  It is a small toy, but great for little hands.
It was a good birthday gift for the twins.  They really enjoyed it
Absolutely Adorable!  Exactly as described and a perfect 3-D representation of 2-D cartoon characters! Peppa and George are soft plush toys any little fan of the programme will enjoy! I know my 2 year old granddaughter will be delighted on Christmas morning!
much better quality than I was expecting for the price  Looks just as advertised, much better quality than I was expecting for the price. I would definitely buy this again!
So cute!  So cute, and soft. Bonus it is washable!
Prompt and good
My daughter loves this doll.  My daughter loves her discuss doll, she plays with it, sleeps with it and also plays with it in her dollhouse. It is great quality and has a great facial expression.
Perfect.
So cute!  Super adorable soft plushy that my dog wants to steal constantly!
nice product
Seems to be good quality.  I  bought two of these for stocking stuffers.  So cute!!  Seems to be good quality.
funny gag spider.
excellent
Great
Just what I needed for my deer costume.  Cute and cheap!
Daughter wanted a large stuffed carrot for Christmas and this was great.  Very cute. Daughter wanted a large stuffed carrot for Christmas and this was great.
Battie Blue  OMG It's Battie Blue!!  Love Love Love this adorable blue bat!  
This item was purchased for a pokemon wedding and was exactly what we were looking for.
Good quality stuffed toy  My daughter loves it. It was way more expensive than many other toys, but the quality is noticeably better. All the seams are solid and the toy actually looks like a pigeon! If your kid is into pigeons, this is a good one ;)
very nice toy but it's at Wal-Mart for half the price  I bought my cute, soft and Plushy slimer at Wal-Mart for half this price. Very cute, though.  :()
It was a Christmas gift and the person it was given to loves it
Well Made and Very Cuddly  This elephant was an instant hit with our grandson.  Well made and very cuddly.  Highly recommended!
Great! Everything timely and as promised!
Barney Crab is a great toy for my son who is developmentally delayed.  I received this product in exchange for my honest opinion. I just received this today and I really love it. It Helps toddlers develop fine motor skills, cognitive skills, hand eye coordination, and problem solving. However, besides toddlers, I think this toy is appropriate for all children of all ages who needs help with their fine motor and cognitive skills. I like how it's very colorful, soft, and it has numbers and pictures on it.  I first had my 10 year old son test it out because he is developmentally delayed, and I know his fine motor skills is one of the areas that we've always worked on with him. He loves it. He doesn't have any motivation in playing with toys but this one he loved. I was able to ask him color and number questions and he was able to tell me all the colors and numbers. I had him unbuckle and buckle and zip and unzip "Barney" Crab and he was able to with some assistance. The circle buckle was a little hard for him, but I think the hardest one for him was the orange buckle because it is quite small compared to other buckles. I like this because it is able to provide him a little challenge to work with his fine motor skills. My son also has sensory needs and one of his sensory needs is touching and feeling soft items, so Barney Crab was perfect for his sensory needs too. He loved the feeling of it.  Next, I had my 2 year old test it out and she loved it as well too. A little harder for her but she enjoyed it.  I have a 2 1/2 month daughter that I will be introducing Barney to as she grows.  Barney Crab will be part of my children's learning toys as they grow and improve on their skills.  I highly recommend this for all children who does or does not have a disability. It's a great toy to add to their learning process.
Awesome  Comes in handy. Works great! Has a charger for all my devices. Would recommend this to anyone that has lost their charger.
super cute
My daughter loved it!
Awesome! Perfect.
SHE IS LOVELY!  This Kitty is really cute!
Soft Toys for Tough Little Boys!  My son adores these little soft Sonic toys. He has quite a few of them. These are cute and a good size, too. They are well made and a pretty good price, as I've bought smaller ones from stores for $10!  My son play fights his figurines (complete with sound effects) and they often break, but these soft toys are hanging in there nicely! I am impressed and will certainly buy again!
Great  The product is as described; got it for my cousin who is an obsessed Gaara fan and she loved it.
Daughter loved it!!
accurate colors, good for hanging up somewhere near a kids' bedroom ceiling  These are not really proportionate, and they're somewhat expensive, but they have accurate colors and are playable. This plush, Toothless, has an un-damaged tail, not like what happens in the movie. There are wire stiffeners in the wings that might make this toy a little delicate and maybe dangerous to younger children. The detailing is mostly made with the use of plush-toy felt cloth
A must!  Great quality! My daughter lives it!
it's adorable and came right on time  It came earlier than expected and it's really soft , she looks great in my plush collection and I love it.
Awesome plush!  My son loves it!
grandkids enjoy
Puppy love  I had bought one of these when it was at the Disney store and it got lost.  Now with the replacement, he loves it just the same.  It looked good when received except the horseshoe wasn't quite a horseshoe shape.  It didn't matter to my 4 yr old at least.  He is happy and so am I.
Great quality. My daughter is in love with the doll.
It is beautiful and small
perfect  perfect size and soft. My son loves it.
Perfect. Thanks so much!!!
Excellent quality. Wife loved it.
So adorable !  My 16 month old grandaugther loves the bubble guppies when I saw this I had to get it &. She loves it
Classic Beanie Baby  Great Hispanic Beanie Baby; well made and beautiful.
A toddlers' new friend!  My 2 yr. old grandson loves it. The doll is in the car with him all the time!
The item arrived on time and as described.
Great  Daughter loves them
OMG  OMG.  So cute
What a great toy!!  My daughter received "Elmo Knows Your Name" doll as a Christmas present.  We were able to download the software and program the doll with no problems. The only critique I had was the disk had to download every name into my computer instead of just running the program off the disk.  So it took quite some time for the download to complete. When my daughter first picked up Elmo and he said "Hi, Marlee", she was completely surprised and laughed so loud.  Her reaction was priceless!  I'm not sure why the other reviewers had such bad experiences with this toy.  Based on our experience I would definitely recommend!  This is a must have for any Elmo loving child!
LOVE IT  This was a gift for my 1 year old son. He loves it!! Make sure you switch the toy from "demo" to "play" otherwise you'll just get a few seconds of song before it shuts off.  Keep extra batteries around since they don't last forever in this little guy.  No complaints at all and well worth the $$$. There's no volume control, but I personally don't think it's that loud, but it's not whisper-quiet, either. Something to keep in mind if your little one is noise-sensitive when sleeping (mine's not).
Snow White 20" Plush Doll  Love the doll, I have the 7 dwafts so they all sit together in a basket!  It's a great set!  Thanks.
Strawberry Short Cake Baby  This dolly was a gift to a very sweet child of God . I looked for a while for a Strawberry short cake dolly . always look to amazon .
a little smaller than anticipated... but that is my fault.  they are exactly as described
Kids love it!
Awesome dragon! Son's eyes lit up!!  I was very impressed with it!
Excellent! Very satisfied with my purchase!
My wife loved it,very soft and cute
Another awesome plushie!
great
Great plush toy :-)  Looks great, feels good, seems to be in a good quality, still good after 6 month :-)
Great doll for Christmas  This item was exactly as advertised
Aaaah, Elmo!  This little guy is super soft and just the right size for little hands. His eyes are hard, but the rest of him is bendy and snuggly. This Elmo was a gift, but our Elmo has held up for two years and still going strong. Because his fur is little, tangle-like strands, he looks as good as new. This one is a keeper!
Fun toy  Bought several of these for some of my nephews and neices, and they loved them.  We ended up playing a game of seeing who could shoot their animal into a hula-hoop on the ground 20 feet away.  When some neighborhood kids saw this, they wanted to play too.
Gotta love Pig!  I love Pig and this is so cute.  Great addition to my HP collection.
It was a great deal
The frustration sound!  My girlfriend has been stressed out about a big move to a new city and a new job, and, and and. She told me she identified with the Wookie noise of frustration, so I got her this little doll to squeeze every time she feels frustrated and smile a little every time. She love the doll. It works. That and lots of hugs. ;)
excellent  service was fast. my daughters love lion king so they love role playing with simba.
I love these! They keep my feet warm and toasty! Actually too warm!  So I just bought these for fun as they looked silly. I did need something to keep my feet warm in the winter so I thought what the heck. Boy do these keep your feet warm! I found myself having to take them off because my feet would then get too hot! The only downside is that the shape of these makes a walk a little less than natural since the claws stick out to the side, but thats part of the look so I can't really fault the slippers. I wear a 9.5 mens shoe and these are pretty much an exact fit.
Great value and its so cute  So cute and very soft. It hops and wiggles its nose and ears. Its a little noisy though.
Love It  It was a perfect gift for my instructor. Very good quality and it was a hit at my school.  Thank You
Super soft and just great  Authentic! Super soft and just great :)
He is awsome and funny.  Love it.
Beautyful
Perfect  Perfect size and well made.
kids love it
Got these to donate for Christmas. The two girls that received them adored the dolls. They held them for the whole christmas event. 100% Kid approved.
Soul Eater - Soul Plush Figure Review  I liked this product because it was exactly what I wanted. It is similar to other anime plushs but this one is different as it include a very known character, in their original outfit from the anime. I've had this product for several months now, & love it. It's specific attributes that I liked were the headband, & the hands in the jacket pockets. Also the great detail on the eyes, & shoes. This product did meet my expectations.
I love this plush. It is 100 percent real.
Awesome  Good quality ! Looks great ! My 3 year old loves it 
Baby boy loved this little tractor! Soft and cuddly and he loves staring at the face.
Good quality  Excellent product
Love it!  These are super cute. We did an outdoors theme in the nursery and we are both hunters so now baby has some mounts too until he's old enough to get the real thing!
My 18 month old daughter cannot live without this toy! Even my dog loves it!
New favorite  Both drivers work well and are a lot of fun to use.  I have had a few weeks now and reach for them first before my 18V Dewalt.  They are easier to carry around the house, use overhead and in tight spaces.  They don't completely replace my heavy duty drill, but they are not inteded to.
love  This item is so cute.  i gifted it to one of my good friends who is a zombie fanatic and this doll did not disappoint.  She loved it.
So very cute and well made, and my grandson just loves it!!!
Great cat! A favorite!
Cute, good quality, a little over-stuffed  It had a bit too much stuffing in it to make it useful as an actual coin purse as opposed to a cosplay piece, but I opened up a seam, pulled a bunch of it out, and then resewed it up without much trouble and now it works and looks great. Even for people who don't recognize it, I always get smiles when I pull it out of my purse at the register. Quality is great, especially for the price!
ITS SO SOFT AND CUTE~  One of the most adorable dolls I have ever owned, it's so soft and plush and I love it to death!
Best Snorlax on the market  My son wanted Snorlax and ONLY Snorlax as a Christmas gift and would make me stop at mall booths to inspect every toy.  But booth after booth and store after store drew disappointment in size, quality, and "huggability."  I took a chance on ordering this Snorlax and both I and my son love it!  Great size for bedtime companion, soft "pettable" cloth and well constructed.  And the expression captured by this toy fits perfectly with the real Snorlax.  Had it since Christmas (4 months) and still looks new. Great buy!
I play with these while my daughter is at school.  Nice likeness of Anna and Elsa as toddlers. Cute dresses and nice construction. These are just cute. That is all.
Kawaii plushie!  Oddish is my favorite Pokemon. This little plushie is perfect! I absolutely love it!
Really soft!! Daughter LOVES IT!!
Fun  Fun and has cool noises and is shiny and great and really cool colors and is great for any kid!
Good Game  Love this game. Gave it as a gift to a Chicken Lovin' family. We had had the chance to play it several times with quite an age range and all the players caught on and had fun. It was kind of a nice change from having a big board that not every one can reach. You just hold your cards in your hand and away you go. The rules were easier to understand once the game was in motion. So I would recommend playing a sample round first to get a better grasp.
absolutely love this elmo!!   It's perfect for my grandson that's turning 1. Incredibly soft and cuddley.
It is so worth it
fairy tail 4 eve's  it's so cute and adorable sized plus fairy tail ia my favorite anime in the world and i want all of the plushies
Great gift  Unusual gifts for zombie lovers, well constructed, very comfortable make good conversation items. Will probably buy again for friends who have everything
daughter loved it
We love this!  What fun to be able make Elmo sneeze! My 18 month old granddaughter has a blast pretending with Elmo, caring for him as a mother would. A great toy for role play, imagination and creativity. You can never go wrong with a Gund toy.
good size doll decent quality  Exactly like in stores but half the price my daughter who is a huge sonic fan loved him and even eggman gets love in our house
Fun  Adorable
Love love love  I love these, my twin babies LOVE LOVE LOVE these.  They aren't marketed as baby toy it seems but mine can't get enough of these because they can grab them and love / kiss the smiling faces but then the peas are elusive bc they are always dropping them and the boys have to chase them.
Fabulous "spirit of Christmas" toy  My kids loved our ELF!  I decided to purchase this Elf rather then Elf on the Shelf because of the price tag - and I was completely satisfied!  Our "Elf Fin" arrived within a few days and he was a huge hit!  Everyday we would move him to different locations and hide him for the kids to find.  The kids loved it - and they had a "physical" reminder that "Santa is always watching"!
Tis guy is awesome and also is so doft and ny grand son loved it so much.
Great was surprised by how big.
Who doesnt like Shaun the Sheep  Who doesnt like Shaun the Sheep? This is a plush toy. My son loves him. Decently made. I would buy again if I wanted to start counting them.
Great and arrived quick!
good quality. My son loves it  Very cute, good quality. My son loves it.
Excellent
Love!!!  So Adorable!!! I am very pleased with this purchase. My son and I both love it and my friend is gonna buy one for her son now too!
Awesome Gigantic Microbe (Common Cold)  Bought this as a gift for xmas.  Arrived in a timely manner, was in perfect condition, and it will be loved for a long time!  Thanks.
Cute! My niece is a fan!
Good gift  Mailed very quickly my grandson loved it.
GREAT TOY FOR TODDLERS!!!  LOVE THIS TOY!!! Bought for my GRAND DAUGHTER for CHRISTMAS and she LOVES it so GRAMMY LOVES IT!!  THANK YOU!!!
On/off button malfunctions.  My 15 mos old daughter loves Cora. I love it too however I received a replacement teddy due to the on/off button not functioning after a day or too. We received a replacement bear which did the same so we are required to open the back and turn it off every single time we want to mute the bear. Other than that, its a great bear that can be easily customized.
Perfect for Pokemon Lovers.  Bought this as a gift for a family member. She loves it, and practically put it on a pedestal!
Love  So soft and cute.  Love it
No better deal anywhere in perfect condition love it thank you  Impeccable price!! No better deal anywhere in perfect condition love it thank you
This soft small plush figure is super huggable and delightful to look at  So CUTE!!!  This soft small plush figure is super huggable and delightful to look at.  I was immediately charmed by this Marshfellow and felt warm and happy just holding this small plush doll figure.  Satisfying toy.  Children and adults will love this Marshefellow doll.  Great for fans of anime and Japanese style cute toy culture.  I give it high marks.
The plush was amazing it's big 10 inches  Yet old but wise Toadsworth :D
The cuteness of the peas in the pod  This toy is so adorable!!!! Love the differentiated facial expression of each pea and each of them give you different emotional mood. All the peas are detachable and when zip the pod, it looks like a real pea or pea pillow. Love it!
Poppy talking troll doll  Great product at a great price
Great idea!  Toddler loved manipulating bucked and clips. Decided to get this toy. She doesnt play with it everyday (she has way too many toys) but she goes back to it every so often. Makes her concentrate and gives us some quiet time
Excellent  It is an excellent product for my daughter likes pretty, was very cheerful, there is much resemblance to the original character, good quality, although little small
I love that there are different modes (shapes  Bought for my two year old who just recently started preschool. He absolutely loves it! I love that there are different modes (shapes, colors, etc ...) as well as ABC and counting songs. Perfect for any Elmo lover :)
Happy Kid!  My son could not wait for this to arrive and once it did he was not disappointed. To his delight, this is an excellent addition to his plushie collection!
The recipient liked it very much  Very cute gift. The recipient liked it very much.
Super Cute - great quality  My daughter loves her. Very good quality and great price. I saw this at a boutique store for $10 more! Glad I looked her up on Amazon.
this is the best plue plush i could find looks like the one from the anime and material is soft
Great condition!! Was delivered wuickly!! It's huge! I can not wait until my niece opens it for christmas!
My little sweetheart - with secret super powers
Nice plush loon with realistic sound  I've given this loon as a gift before and met with good results.  I know my friends will enjoy them this year and be reminded of these wonderful birds.
Fantastic Toy  My 20 month old is fascinated by this toy. He concentrates very hard and is very excited when he gets them all buckled. Great for teaching fine motor skills.
So so cute
Great buy  Really great quality
Too cute, my little one loves it.
Best companion for traveling kid  My almost two year old loves the toy. It kept her engaged and quiet for a long one during our family trip which involves hours of drive. She gave herself a thump up and felt accomplished when she managed to buckle all up. She also recognizes colors of different buckles.
Looks exactly like the picture  This fox was really small, and my kid loved it
Bought this as a gift for my friend and she loved it! The product was better and bigger than I expected it to be. Great quality and a great collector item for those who love Hello Kitty and/or The Little Mermaid like my friend.
So cute!  This is adorable!  A great collectible for any Star Wars fan.  Bought this for my grandson who's father was a big Star Wars fan too!
Super Fast Shipping!! Great product, my son loves it.
Granddaughter loved Poppy!
Scary good  Blocks all light, not too tight, and scares my boyfriend when he stays over and opens his eyes to see that thing on my face
Worth the price, was delivered quickly.  The actual size is much smaller than what the picture depicts, however it is exactly what the product information describes. The package was delivered quicker than I expected, since it was coming from China and my child loves it. It just barely fits around her waist and she is 3 and a half years old, but she still loves it!
A gift  Arrived after birthday, but granddaughter likes it.
It is soft and durable. My son is so ruff with his toys
My nephew loved it  Super cute. I didn't realize it talks too! Its a little smaller than I expected, but thats not necessarily a bad thing.
This was great for a "hot potato" game at my daughter's Shopkins birthday party.
This toy is so adorable.  I know my granddaughter is going to love it!
Elephant Abu  My great nephew loves elephants and is so happy with this one.
Love Pepper Paulie  My Granddaughter loved this Whiffer Sniffer, it arrived prior to the expected arrival date.
Made a hit with my Grandkids  Granddaughter LOVED IT!!  They are really "hot" toy items right now ; D
SO CUTE  A must for any Berner!
this is actually pretty good quality  this is actually pretty good quality, especially for a cheap plushie that came in a plastic bag. it's super cute.
Adorable Badger!  I purchased this as a book prop for a fellow librarian.  We use a lot of the Bear series by Karma Wilson in our storytimes, and always seemed to need a badger among our other animals.  This guy is the perfect size and is actually much fluffier than the picture shows.  We love him!!
Super cute.
Shhh...he's sleeping  Daughter loves this. Soft, cuddly and can sleep on your chest for days if my daughter wills it so
Wonderful for Kids  We bought these after we watched the movie with our kids.  We couldn't find anything like this in stores and when we received them we were so excited. We were not disappointed!  The kids LOVED them and continue to play with them.  You can hear the voice well and the stuff animal is very soft. Your kids will love them.
Great PVZ toy!  Authentic Plants vs. Zombies toy. Very cute with a moldable stem that you can move to pose. Well made and perfect for anyone who loves Plants vs. Zombies!  My son loves it!
thank you for great quality toys  A Christmas gift for my granddaughter, she absolutely loves it,thank you for great quality toys. I'm hesitant to purchase point online but I am very pleased with this purchase  I would recommend it to anyone
Good for making or bulking up down/feather products  I received this order about 8 days after after I placed the order. I'm very happy with the product. It was enough to make a normal sized pillow that is nice 'n' full with probably enough left over to make another pillow, but I'm going to use it to bulk up my dog's bed that's getting a bit flat these days. I recommend ordering this if you're making a pillow at home or need to bulk up an already down/feather pillow or blanket. Makes a firm yet soft and comfy pillow - great for side sleepers or anyone who likes firm pillows.
Nicely Crafted Plush!  What is there to say about a cute little Baby Luigi plush? ALOT! I've ordered some plush characters and they have arrived faded or obviously a knock off of the real deal. That was NOT the case with this little guy! He was a Christmas gift for my son who desperately needed Baby Luigi in order to complete his collection of baby Super Mario plush characters. When Baby Luigi arrived he was brightly colored, soft and just what one would expect when ordering an item. There was no disappointment opening this package! It completed a collection and made my little guy happy on Christmas. What else could I have asked for?! Buy with confidence, you won't be disappointed!
RUUUUUGIAAAA :'D  I just want to say that I love this plush and I'm so glad that I bought it for a friend. He hangs from the ceiling like he's guarding over the bedroom and is great for any pokemon fan!
This was a gift for a special autistic child who likes Pete the Cat!  My daughter is his para pro & the cat goes with them to his classes!
Great
Great Pricing. Great Product5  This was a great buy for a big job, with more for the next job. Like these far better than staples, as they hold and don't allow for much "Back Out" once set.  Also get the setting tool in cane your nailer fails to fully set the nail. It can save headaches.
princess leia  Son loves these. Plays with them everyday. Best investment we've made in a while! Definitely recommend to those who like angry birds.
perfect
Love my Peeps Rainbow Plush Bunny!!!
Perfect for travelling or home!  So cute! This keeps my busy toddler...well...busy. He's a fanatic about buttons, caps, clips and lids, and this plays in perfectly to his little obsession. These clasp & unclasp more easily than your regular hardware store variety, and the color-matched straps aren't long enough to tangle. Perfect little toy to toss in a bag while we're in the car, or if he needs a minute of quiet during a hectic day.
It's a really a good stuffed  I bought for my baby on her birthday. It's a really a good stuffed toy
My son loves it for his Super Mario Koopa Collection.
cute
great cute stuffed truck for little ones to sleep with and use as a comfort when sad.
Great grandson loves this and is collecting as many of the characters as possible.
"THE FOX SAYS BUY ME YOU WON'T BE SORRY!!!"  MY 4-YEAR OLD GRANDSON LOVES THIS SONG, SO TO HEAR THE FOX SING, & WATCH HIM DANCE WAS OVER THE TOP! (GREAT MOVES!!!). TO BAD HIS MOUTH DOSEN'T MOVE!
My daughter loves this toy....
Cute and well made!  Such a cute Asuna plush, well made, quick delivery.
... Glow Elsa Singing Doll and it really makes an excellent gift.  I bought this to go with the Frozen Glow Elsa Singing Doll and it really makes an excellent gift.
Stuffed toy lorax  Granddaughter loves him and he's not so big she can't take him to bed with her and in the car
Love it
Good stuff  Well made. Learning part well made. Cute.
Wonderful....
Super cute doll looks exactly like the picture  Super cute doll looks exactly like the picture! The quality of the doll is great and the shipping speed was pretty fast.
My kid loves it. He is always carrying it.around.
gteat toy  My daughter got it for Christmas and loves it! It is one of her favorite toys. Better than expected :)
Grandson loves this Pokemon made well thanks
Great!  Mine came in right in time! Nidorino was one of my first pokemon so when I saw this I had to get it! He's really soft and huggable! There's no tearing in the stiching and no damage due to shipping, it came in great! His left ear is a bit floppy but I think it gives him personality~
Very pleased with product.
Works great!  Works great! A lot easier than trying to bend at the right angle by hand!
Very cute  I chose 5 stars because for the price I paid, the quality was better than expected. I got Elmo for my son this past Christmas and it was the "favorite" in his stocking.  The delivery was received way earlier than the expected delivery time. Very pleased.
Very soft, fun toy!  This is an adorable and durable toy. It is so soft and cuddly! The "ABC" shirt he is wearing is very cute. He is just the right size for a toddler! When you press his left hand, he sings the "ABC" song-it is a very cute rendition! The button is easy to activate for little fingers. Highly recommended!
Very Good Product  I wanted to get this for my 1 year old daughter. Everytime we watch Sesame Street and Elmo comes on she just loves him! So I decided to buy her a plush Elmo.. I found this and she absolutely loves it!! She has never slept with a stuffed animal, but she now sleeps with her Elmo and she also drags it around the house with her. Very durable, soft and perfect for her age. I would recommend this product to anyone and I also hope I can keep buying the rest of the Gund Sesame Street Characters to make a collection for her. COMPLETELY SATISFIED!!
Great Gift  This was a gift, they loved it!
Great gift for little Doc lovers  Got this as a Christmas gift for my 3 year old niece and she loved it. The head is rather large but she liked that it was soft and squishy.
Good products at good prices  Good products at good prices.  We had to return the wedge table because it was too tall.  That was my oversight, not a problem with the table.  There are times when I wish I could talk with a rep to find out more about a possible purchase, but there doesn't seem to be a way.
Great for cuddling. Great Quality.  Very cute. Very good quality. Got it for my step-niece. She loved it. She loves the Bubble Guppies. That is her "stories". I got her another stuffed animal that she likef but not as much as this. After she saw this she didn't want anything else. My father in law took it away from her to give her a present he got for her and she got really mad at him. She cuddled with it the rest of the night and fell asleep with it.
So cute! Bought this for Easter decor, but grandson uses it every day! Very snuggly!
ALWAYS LOVED THE LLAMA LLAMA BOOKS SO BOUGHT THEM FOR MY GRAND NIECE.  I BOUGHT HER THE DOLL TO GO WITH THEM AND HES SO ADORABLE AND IS VERY WELL MADE.
Cute toddler/baby gift  I got this for my baby nephew as a gift. It's a cute addition to the Toy Story toy collectors.
Bought this for my 1 year old daughter, however my 5 year old has been more interested in playing with it!  This is a fun/educational toy!  Elmo talks clearly and loudly to understand.  Elmo's mouth moves when he speaks, and the toy is high quality.  If you change his hats, he has different songs and things (themes) he says.
Granddaughter (age6) loved this doll!  Our granddaughter just loved this little doll.  It matched the dissription to a tee and the price was much better than I could find locally.  The cool is cute and the colors are very bright.
Adorable!  Loved it.  It worked fine and is so cute. The voice even sounds like a small child. Just adorable!
nice  Nice
and pretty and so cute  This owl is so soft, and pretty and so cute. He is a little smaller than I had at first pictured, but very sweet.
My boys love this Dino!  My boys LOVE this dinosaur. Perfect gift for dino-loving child!
Happy kid..  My kid loved it!
Jack Skellington doll  Bought this item for a Jack Skellington birthday party.  Love the doll.  So cute and well made.
Order arrived in great condition and my son loves his new plush toy  Thank you for the fast shipping. Order arrived in great condition and my son loves his new plush toy. He really like the suction cup to hang the toys with. :)
My plastic surgeon recommended that I use Purpose because it was so gentle  About eight years ago, I had plastic surgery on my face and nose.  I assume, because of the swelling, my face became very sensitive.  Even a breeze from a fan would cause my skin to turn red.  Every moisturizer I tried to use irritated it.  My plastic surgeon recommended that I use Purpose because it was so gentle.  I have been using it ever since and love it.  I had always had extremely dry skin and the skin on my forehead and eyebrows would flake off but I hated clogging my skin pores with greasy moisturizers.  Since I started using Purpose, I no longer have that problem. I absolutely love it. Sometimes it is hard to find in the stores which is why I am looking for an internet source for it.
Daughter who is totally into Pokemon loved it.
My son loves this toy.
Fun  My 5 year old nephew was thrilled when he opened this! He left the tags on it for weeks, wanting to keep it brand new. I just wished it was a bit cheaper for what it was.
Friend Loved It  I bought this as a birthday gift for my friend. It pretty much looks just like the picture and is a good size for a plushie. She loved it very much, but she had trouble sitting it up because the plushie's head is so big and tends to make it fall over lol. The plushie also has bells that jingle like in the game, so that's a very cute touch. Overall we're very happy with it.
accurate imitation  great collectable not made cheap.
my son loved it
Cute and soft.
good collectible  super cute plush that is cool for any fan to collect. arrived quick and seems well constructed.
ADORABLE!! I got this for a newborn photo shoot that I am doing. I am creating a setting for a "Red Riding Hood" picture. This wolf and grandma are absolutely perfect. It will make the best photo prop. As a plus, my 2 and a half year old granddaughter loves it! For whatever reason you purchase it, this is adorable.
Beautiful
Small but nice
These are adorable and great!  I love this whacky animal and so does my baby. These are great gifts too. So weird and different. Great materials for curious baby fingers.
All I can say is "SO CUTE!!!"  I LOVE BLACK BUTLER, and this plush was just so cute. Next I'll buy a Mitsukuni one! LOL OURAN <3
I paid 7ish dollars for my daughter and she loved it....
A++  Very soft, high quality.  My niece loved it.
Really soft and sweet  Sweet bunny. Really soft. Got the pink one too.
Spot on
Best MLP Plush EVER!!!!  I have been looking on the internet for a look alike plush of the MLP characters and 4th Dimension created the most beautiful and well crafted plushes I have ever seen! They're so close to the real characters on the TV Show! Highly recommend!
Soft and Cuddly  My granddaughter loves her Dog Man plush toy!  It was to be a gift item but did not  arrive that way  It was in a plastic bag.
brand new in plastic  was soft and the perfect size. Perfect condition and shipped quickly
Grand daughter loves it
My 1 year old daughter loved this DJ lance.
Great bunny  LOve this bunny, so cute and cuddly!
A+  A+
Live it the wings move and everything
So adorable~!  He's so cute, and looks exactly like in the game. However he dosent sit nor stand. he arrived quickly, too :]
Grandson loves it  Surprised my grandson with this. He loves his Angry Birds.
dog toys with no squeeker. last a long time
This Daruma Bunny is so adorable!!  This Daruma Bunny is so adorable!!!!!  Beautifully made, the perfect gift for our friend, born Year of the Rabbit. It rolls back upright when I push it over, side to side, but not forward to back. But the design is so cute, I am overwhelmed with delight! The delivery came faster than anticipated. I totally recommend this item and high praise to the vendor for this precious product and superb service!!!!!  Exceeds expectations!
My Grand daughter loves it.
cute  Awesome! It's so cute! Very small and adorable. Perfect for a little girl who likes Star Wars and Angry Birds
Sesame Street is the BEST  Sesame Street Workshop produces amazing characters that can be trusted to teach children values along with great learning!  I always recommend purchasing items directly from the sesame street store at the sesamestreetworkshop website.  Great stuff!!  Highly recommend!!
Collection is complete!  My 7 year old is a huge Paw Patrol fan. She's had the Skye, Chase, Marshal & Rubble pup pal plushes forever, but for some reason it's been much harder to find Rocky & Zuma. When I did see them, they'd be listed at 30 to 40 bucks, which is ridiculous considering they retail at around $10. Finally, this year at Christmas time Amazon had all 7 characters at the price they were supposed to be! So, I was able to complete her collection making for one happy kiddo. And of course, happy kiddos = happy mom!
My son loves this!
Snuffleupagus  The child loves Snuffleupagus
My son loves it, thank you!
exelent !!!
Saul the car buddy salamander  Cute and colorful. Bought this for my son-in-law to match his bright-red Kia Soul. He named the salamander "Saul". Saul sits on the dashboard as his travel "buddy".
Good stuff
Looks cuter than the picture, my son loves it!!
Fabulous!  That is the best world to describe this plushie. Fabulous! Grell is one of my favorite characters from Black Butler and now all I need is a Ciel...
bb  nice, nice size, just about $5.00 over the price, but, for my grands
very satisfie! Hes almost life size, alot bigger then i expected
Well made  Just as I thought, perfect size and the cutest. Well made!
Barney  I just love it! My son really loves it!
Saw him on Facebook  I saw him on Facebook and had to have him.
Awesome  This is the cutest thing. I got it for my niece for Valentine's Day.
My kids love these. They are very good quality  High Quality Stuffed Animal. My kids love these. They are very good quality...
Ender Dragon  My son is going to FLIP when he sees this! It is way bigger than I thought it would be. Other places I shopped were selling this Ender Dragon plush for over TWICE as much as what I paid for it on Amazon, and it is a high quality, new with tags, licensed plush! I couldn't be happier with this purchase. This dragon rocks!
Colorful and high quality...my daughter loves!
Way smaller than I had expected but very good for the price (tape for measurement)
Very cute  Very cute I see some reviews state that they didn't get a full order I did. I also read that some didn't think the Velcro was strong enough I checked mine and they are all I expected. They are so cute I think I will order another set to give away attached to gifts!
Good  Good
Very nice
Works Great  I have not had this for very long... but it works great.  I am replacing an old ratching screwdriver that quit working.  Highly recommend.
perfect and girls love it  Looooove this Llama....perfect and girls love it!
So cute I ordered a second one.  This toy looks so much like my real Maltese we often do a double take when walking by.  The little girl I ordered the second one for loves it.  Fast delivery too!  I'm such a happy customer I'm typing this with one finger as my shoulder and arm are in a cast on my primary arm and hand.
Wonderful pan  This is a wonderful pan. It is a great size and absolutely the best to cook on. It is versatile and I can't think of anything that could not be cooked on it. It cleans like magic. Glad I purchased
Awesome!  I bought this for my 2 year old daughter who is fascinated with buckles. She cannot undo them, so she needs a bit of help, but she LOVES this. It was a life saver on our 15hr international flight.
love it
Fantastic and fast during the holiday season
Very very cute and really well made.  Bought it for my daughter for Christmas and now she wants to collect them all!
Pika-CHUUUU!  He looks AMAZING! Great quality!
Exactly what I expected.  Exactly what I thought is would be, and my daughter loves playing with all the different types of buckles.
soft psychic  Spot on and adorable
they're adorable  This is one of three Pokmon Center Original Plush Dolls that I ordered as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter (it was on her Amazon Wish List.) She stated It was well-packaged and it's perfect. She also wrote (regarding all three) Thanks so much, they're adorable.
Soft, Cuddly & Great Quality!  This Totoro is so cute, soft and well made with a great price that I had to order another one for myself! The tail is very fat which just adds to the cute factor.
Make a kids day!  This "Momo" doll is a great quality, perfect size accessory to any young Sesame Street fan.  Everything is soft, and seems to be pretty good quality.  Hopefully it will hold up well in the wash.  Certainly makes a toddler's eyes light up.
We received the Playskool Sesame Street Let's Imagine Elmo for free (via BzzAgent) to try out.  My 3 year old loves it!  We have been a fan of many previous talking Elmos throughout the years, and I think this is one of the best.  My daughter and her best friend have been playing with him all day.  I even caught my 7 yr. old playing with him.  They all seem to love the different hats.  I like that they don't seem to fall off of Elmo too easily.  My favorite parental feature is that the on/off switch is hidden inside of Elmo.  We were able to turn Elmo off so my daughter could take him to bed without being woken up in the middle of the night.  That is a huge plus!  Overall, we are very pleased with Elmo.
Cute and good quality  Well made and so cute.  Not cheap looking at all, happy with purchase.
Extra cute!  Adorable
My daughter loves it.
I love it! Might buy a second!  SO CUTE!!! I got it as a gift for a co-worker, but I might have to order a second one for myself. It came much faster than I thought it would, which is super awesome! It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be too!! Like the other reviews said, this Jack plush has a looped string on his head so he can hang from things, which is pretty neat. I'm sure you could safely cut it off and no one would be able to tell. This plush did however have some loose strings from its face embroidery, which I just snipped away with sewing scissors to make it look a little cleaner. I think it will make a wonderful gift for any Nightmare Before Christmas lover, adult or child. I do appreciate the quality for such a cheap price too!
Nice size and quality for the price.
loved it and fast shipping
Thank you it's perfect!
He loved it, just the right size  So cute. Got it for my grandson when he had his tonsils out. He loved it, just the right size.
Happy HAPPY BOY  My Five Year Old thought that this was the absolute best thing that ever happened to him. I'm VERY satisfied. We weren't able to do much this year, so this made a HUGE impact on my boy.
Was very happy with this  Was very happy with this item
Soft!  Super soft and our daughters can't let them go!
boss awesome the beat  it is great my son keeps playing with it 24-7 and bringing it to school he really loves this elmo toy
So Cute!  This is such an adorable little plush elephant. I bought it for my cat. He sleeps with it religiously every night in the bed with me and my husband. He HAS to have his little Ellie or he won't settle down and go to sleep. This would be ideal for a child. Even an infant. It has sewn eyes so there is no risk of something coming loose and becoming a choking hazard. It's very soft and squishy and it appears to be well stiched. I haven't washed it yet, but I bet when it gets yucky I can pop it in the washer and drier with no problem. The size is perfect. The color is a nice soothing shade of grey. There were NO weird smells or odors. And the price? Well I got it for under seven bucks! I have cat toys that I paid three times as much as that. I know this for a kid and not a cat. But my point is that it's a perfect stuffed animal or a child, pet or adult. This would be a great thing to bring someone who is in the hospital. I know it would make the recipient smile and feel better. I'm VERY happy with this precious little elephant and my cat is as well. Good job!
She LOVED this!  I got this for my sister who is currently undergoing treatment for breast cancer. She LOVED this!!
Big bugs - much better than having the real thing  My wife's a microbiologist and she loves giant microbes.  This year my daughter chose to give her mom leprosy - how nice!  ;-)
So cute!
Cute!  Cute and entertaining for my child.
Girlfriend loved them
My daughter loved it, and extremely fast shipment.
Sooooooo Cute  I was expecting something cheap and hard with felt like materials. The eyes are a weird iron/melted sticker type. the saddle is a firm felt material, but the fur is sooo soft. the animals is squishy but enough filling that I would say a kid could put him through a beating. He is a lot smaller than I expected, but he is perfect shelf size and goes great with my Jedi Mickey!
Goomba  Cute and well made.  Great accessory for my son's Mario Halloween costume.
I bought this for a friend who graduated from high school and I believe he was happy with his gift  This little owl won my heart when I opened up my product! I bought this for a friend who graduated from high school and I believe he was happy with his gift.  The owl was super soft and was the size described. If your looking for a graduation gift, this is absolutely perfect. Everything came on time and ready to be sent to a new and happy graduate!
Very nice and well made. My daughter loved it.
The Square trade warranty's of been nothing but problems for me I tried to register but all it does is redirect me back on Amazon
Sooooo cute!  I bought this for my toddler (20 months) so she could work on her fine motor skills and be introduced to the ABC's and 123's.  I love that this toy has BOTH songs!  While listening to it all day could potentially drive me crazy (it is, after all, Elmo, and there isn't a volume control on this toy), she enjoys it...A LOT.  Just watch out when the zipper is unzipped, since a smaller child's finger could potentially get stuck in there (it's not Elmo's fuzzy tummy behind it, I think it's the mechanism for the entire toy encased there).  The velcro "snap" on his shoe is a tad sensitive, but hey, it's a toy, I'm not looking for something that teaches rocket science.  I think this is a good introduction to dressing herself.  The purple snap button is easy for her to do, and the toy is fuzzy and doesn't shed.  Very satisfied.
Perfect addition to my collection  My tauntaun plush is frickin adorable! He looks so cute sitting next to my Wampa!
Love this Nemo  Oh my goodness this Nemo is super cute, and soft. My almost 2 year old loves it! It is huge and he can use it as a pillow sometimes. Worth the buy!
Love my Sailor Jupiter! She arrived a lot sonnet than expected. She's adorable!
This given as a gift and the recipient is happy with it.
very nice, child loved it
Awesome stuffed toy!  Love love love this toy- bought 2 one for me and one for a 4 year old autistic boy I know and it's now his favorite toy. Fast shipping, exactly as described.
YESSSS  My friend loved her gift it is the darn cutest thing i have ever seen and the size isn't small at all.
Terrific Sloth!  And since his front legs go together with velcro, you can let him hang nicely!
very cute  very cute and well made
Cool TX :-)
Very pleased.  Bought this as a gift for a friend and she absolutely loves it. Service was fast. I received my package a little earlier than expected. Very pleased.
Love him!
cute  this horse is beautiful my nieces love it just as much as all the things I've bought great quality and fast shipping
Llama Llama with the Red Pajamas  Llama Llama with the Red Pajamas is a big hit with my grandson.  He carries it and hugs it sweetly.
DOMO  yep I paid more for him then I could have found him on other sites... but there was a wait list and I needed him
Very cute and soft  These were a little smaller than I thought they would be. I thought they would be around the size of the ones my girl's got from McDonald's. But, none the less.. they are still very cute and the girls loved them. They are a couple inches around.
Good quality and workmanship  Our grandson loves the way the segments click to position this toy. He now has several Pokmon plush toys and this might be his favorite.
Can not believe how beautiful this is just love it
Wonderful addition to my granddaughter's collection  So cute.  Not too big, not too large, it's just right. Wonderful addition to my granddaughter's collection.
This plush doll comes in good condition. I was very pleased with the product  This plush doll comes in good condition. I was very pleased with the product. It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but is still a nice plush.
Great quality little chef Remy! I want to keep it for myself! Adorable!
perfect  It was perfect. It came way before delivery date and soooooo cute
Bought it for my grandson, my daughter confiscated it!
Exactly as items describes.
so cute!
Great quality! No complaints.
Delighted grandson!
The real deal - good quality!
Great, as described + fast shipping
LOVE THIS COOKWARE!  I HAVE SEVERAL PIECES OF THIS COOKWARE. I REALLY ENJOY USING IT. VERY EVEN, FAST COOK AND EASY TO CLEAN UP.
My kid loves it and that's all that matters!
Perfect  Got this for twenty bucks after eyeing it for months at a higher price. It's a perfect Pikachu and I'm glad it's mine.
good price
Santa Sing A Ma Jig  <div id="video-block-R2PSOSRF4TE18L" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1Ohr2TxReS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/910jJ%2BmRt0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;These things are hilarious. I don't have kids myself, or family members with kids, but I'm giving these little guys away for Christmas. They're hilarious, and grown ups can't stop cracking up when they play with them. Obviously they get annoying rather quickly, but the initial fun of these things (especially the Santa version) is great - you just want to harmonize them immediately. I don't like that these were more expensive than the regular versions, but they're "limited" and a TRU exclusive, so what do you expect, right? It's the holidays after all...
My kid really like it.
Cuter than cute!  Soooo adorable!  A friend had one of these roly-poly darlings and I just couldn't resist owning one!  Look at those big feeties!  Very well made, too!
Well made  My son flipped over this little dude.  It is very well made and a perfect give for a DragonVale lover!
Torchic  I cant wait to see the torchic i order
this is a requested gift for my granddaughter for Christmas-great  size and details
Love him! Cute and spooky and looks great in my horror collection.
10/10 Amazing!  I bought this Rover plush for a friend of mine in another state. It coincidentally arrived on her birthday which I never planned for, which ADDED to the experience of the purchase! She took a photo of it and bragged about it on all her social network sites and was so grateful. The image she showed me was perfect! He looked exactly as shown in the photo, and was the cutest little Rover! I totally recommend this seller. I'll be buying from them again in the future.
Cute and soft. My son loves his Yoshis. Arrived on time as advertised.
My wife and I both play Animal Crossing on 3DS. She LOVED this gift!  I bought this as a supplemental birthday gift for my wife, who played Animal Crossing on our 3DS.  She absolutely LOVED it. It isn't a huge plush toy, but the quality and detail is excellent.  She keeps it on her desk at work now all the time.
My neice loved it!  Took awhile to receive, however is well made. Can't beat the price. My neice loved it!
So cute and super well made! Love my favorite egg Pokmon!
Granddaughter loves it!  After seeing the movie, Frozen, my granddaughter fell in love with Olaf.  So finding this product so close to Christmas was not easy. However, after I found it about 10 days before Christmas, I ordered it.  They promised to get to to me before Christmas and they did! It arrived only days after ordering it.  She loves it!  The words he speaks are easy to hear and understand and there are no parts that can be lost because when you pull it apart,  there is a string to keep it together which is nice.  Funny thing, when I picked up the package from my front porch after being delivered, you could already hear Olaf talking.  Guess he talked the whole trip to my house!  LOL!  Thank you for your great customer service!
My friend loved it!
My Granddaughter loved it!
Beautiful doll  Awesome doll soft and with beautiful colors .
My great grand son loved it!
Great fun for toddler  My son has so much fun with this. Bought for him to use as a toy to bring on international flight.  He now plays with it while he's in the car.
A+ great service & product
Cute
Sweet Kitty!  Well made and cute outfit.  Love Kitty!
Very soft fur and pretty stiff as far as stuffing goes (which I prefer  Very soft fur and pretty stiff as far as stuffing goes (which I prefer, it helps keep their shape).  It was a very nice xmas present!
The boys (3 & 5) loved them!  They were a gift.
Microbes aren't just for getting sick anymore....  I just love Giant Microbes. The whole concept is so amazing. For instance, this flake of skin is not only adorable ; it has a little booklet filled with information about the keratinoncyte. In effect while the kids ( or adaults) are admiring the cute stuffed toy, they are also learning! Ingenius! These are perfect for a doctors office, a classroom setting, as a toy for kids of any age, or sitting on your nursing student's/ bio students bookshelf.
other than that was a great  should have received a total in Canadian funds! other than that was a great product
Great Quality & So Adorable  It is so adorable! It will go perfect in my son's nursery. Great quality, firm but soft enough for baby!
Adorable!  My daughter said, he's so cute!  Her only complaint is that his scarf is grey instead of white, as it should be.  Other than that, she said it's awesome!
This ones legit. It lacked a tag but I handled one at a store and well, so I'm 95% sure its legit.
Great price replaced my old one A+
Freaking amazing quality and came just like in the picture  Freaking amazing quality and came just like in the picture. Never been more excited to receive a plus his. Did not come smashed like other plushies I have received in past. Loved it!!!!
IceBat  daughter LOVES sleeping with IceBat-we don't understand the appeal except for the bat part-but hey, it makes her happy!
best 6$ I've ever spent. I love baby groot!
Great looking stuffed animal!
It was great to have such a cool alligator  I was amazed by the way the alligator had such great detail.
Best bedtime toy!  This may have been the best toy I've bought since my son was born! He loves to stare at it while he's going to sleep, and it's small enough to be a perfect traveling companion. Highly recommend!
Love it
I was so happy when I opened the box  He is so cute! I was so happy when I opened the box. This is definitely a good buy. There was nothing wrong with it and it was shipped fast. If you are interested in this little guy, I highly recommend buying him!
Excellent play horse!  My youngest daughter wanted a large stuffed horse since her older sisters each received one for their birthdays, and this is awesome. It is very well made, very large, not fuzzy which makes it easy to wipe little stains and spills off. Overall and excellent toy.
Fun for bavkpavk  Given as a gift and he loved it. Has it hanging from his backpack
Adorable!  This animal is just as cute as can be!!!  It's well made and the character is exactly as depicted on Sofia the First shows.  My granddaughter is going to love this for her birthday!!
Very cute love it
Best gift  This was a gift for my significant other and she loved it. She almost cried of happiness over how cute it was.
like it
Love it!!  Love it! It smells amazing and works great for aches and pains!
We've washed it a few times already and it looks just as good as the day we bought it  My son loves this toy. We've washed it a few times already and it looks just as good as the day we bought it.
Folks in nursing homes and hospitals just light up when you bring this little "pill of happiness" to them.  The joy on their faces is worth the money and then some.
Good stuffed animal  Daughter loved this.it is well constructed.
Arrived before the estimate to one very happy boy.
Buy it!!!  My 2 year old loves it.
Bedtime original plush toy elephant  Love the plush elephant
Great
Love it
Several types of life size dolls out there. Get this one!!  This sweet doll is adorable, appears well made, and Is so soft and huggable. My four  year old has red hair and blue eyes like Mia and asked for a life size doll several months back. Her fourth birthday is in a month and I'm struggling against giving this to her now (sigh. Must stay strong but the struggle is real).  I have to mention I ordered Mia in the yellow dress with side swept bangs originally but she didn't look new, had a lot of stitching defects in several places, and I didn't like the fact that she has a removable belt. I'm returning the yellow dress Mia, and I am completely happy with purple skirt Mia! She has none of the same issues as the other doll. Her legs cross just right, and she's beatifully stitched, no loose threads, symmetrical, and the yarn hair is attached evenly (this seems to be an issue with yarn hair sometimes).  All that to say if you recieve a Mia with similar defects, try just getting a different one.  Five stars for purple skirt Mia! My little girl will be overjoyed to meet her on her birthday morning! I seriously can hardly wait!
Kids loved the elf boy.
Just like the picture  This thing is so cute and soft! Just like the picture!
Perfect gift
Satisfied!
A must for any Tink fans. Soft & cuddly grab a few fairy friends too.
Cute little doll  My 16 year old grandson Kenny is our first grandchild.  At the time of his birth like most crazy Grandparents we bought everything in sight for him. Unbeknownst to us South Park was a little x rated.  We bought a Kenny doll for him.  Our daughter & son in law explained the show,which we never saw was not appropriate. Now on a resent visit Kenny had a school project & the topic was South Park.  He said" I wonder what ever happened to the doll? ".  I went on line and there you have it.
Cute and Soft  Bought this for a friend of mine and she loves it.  Soft, cute and tiny - a little gift like this makes huge impression.
Good  Good
DEEZ NUTS
brittle  my granddaughter loves best fiends
Great!
What a nice toy!
This was a gift for a toddler--my friend's son. It is soft and cute-- the little boy loved it and and now I am thinking about buying another one for my nephew.
perfecxt gift  had been looking for a Linus with blanket for grandson, who has carried his blanket with him since day one.  I tried making a second, but he needs the original.  We were so happy to find this item and it was everything we wanted
AMAZING!!!!  I LOVE THIS!!! I just got it today and it is AMAZING!! I recommend that you get this over anything!
Lovely Piglet  Very cute and soft Piglet.
Love it.
Excellent!  I bought two of these and gave them to my nieces who were both turning 5 within a week of each other.  They both loved them!  Such a fun gift.
Very cute Sven.  I bought this for my great granddaughter.  it is very cute.  She loves everything "Frozen".
A must have for any Ghostbusters toys collector  <div id="video-block-R2NOC97ERGOS4G" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1xiA%2Btb5US.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91VtuM7fHpS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a fun toy. If you are a Ghostbusters fan and have any of the toys, having this one is a must. Its sings the classic Ghostbusters song when you press its belly. I have 3 in the collection and all 3 are featured in the video review. The toys featured are the Ghostbusters Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and the Burnt Stay Puft Marshmallow Man plush toys. Both play the same classic Ghostbusters song. Then we have the Slimer Plush toy which makes two different Ghost sounds rather than playing a song. All these sounds can be heard in the video.
Great and Beautiful Floor Lamp  I purchased this lamp after reviewing many. It is truly a beautiful lamp that is stylish and functional. I like the two pull chains that illuminate the one of two lamps. The lamp comes with 2 low WATT bulbs (13 Watt) that actually have a nice soft color to them. (Not too WHITE). The lamp is very heavy and solid which is a big plus for me. This lamp was shipped directly from Amazon which as usual was delivered in a very short time frame; within 5 days of receiving the order. I expect this lamp will last me many years to come.
Super cute!
It was just what I wanted!
I love you Piplup  Plush, cute, and high quality fur. I love you Piplup!!!
My son loves it
Perfect
its is adoerebel
I bought it for a gift for my sister and she absolutely loved it!  It came bigger than I thought, I bought it for a gift for my sister and she absolutely loved it!!!
Good Movie  Great story and movie. Nice doll for my girlfriend. She loved it.
My kids love it.  No issues.  My kids love it.
Very happy with purchase  My grandson loves his Camo Boy.  His dad is in the Air Force and is away so this toy keeps hm company when daddy is not around. Very happy with purchase.
Cute addition to any Sailor Moon fans merchandise  Arrived on time, and looks great! I have wanted a Sailor Moon plush since I lost my GE Animation one in the apartment fire we had last December. I decided to get a Princess Serenity one. She looks great, and I love how she looks.
My daughters favorite toy  Still to this day my daughters favorite toy.
I bought this for myself because I love Stitch and it was so cute!
Very cute  My 15 month old loves Elmo, loves him a lot. I found this doll at Toys R Us was not impressed with the price so I thought Amazon would be the place and it was! Not only is the doll a great price, it's also very cute. The doll is so soft and cuddly. It does not shed at all like a previous review said. Highly recommend this to a Elmo lover like my son.
Cute toy that is well made and a good size.
Adorable toy perfect for young kids!!  I purchased this toy for a coworker whose wife is pregnant, and this Roo plush is amazing! It'a a great size for young children of any age and size to hold and play with as well as being super soft and well made. It also comes with a rattle inside that's not too loud and won't hurt your kid's ears. I would definitely recommend this!
Blu is my daughter's new favorite toy!  My two year old absolutely loves this toy! It's just wonderful for airplane travel or any situation that your child needs quiet entertainment. I highly recommend it!
Cute  Cute gift for small children
but perfect size to carry around and toss in a purse  Very cute!! Not very big, but perfect size to carry around and toss in a purse. Our daughters new favorite toy.  Also makes a loon call when you squeeze it which I wasn't expecting but is nice.
I love it and this was a cute gift  This is so cute. When I first saw this character on Digimon, I immediately wanted the name of the Digimon when watching it. It's so cute in person. I love it and this was a cute gift! I love the good quality of the plush as well.
My 5 year old granddaughter loves this!!  My 5 year old granddaughter always wanted this and now she has it!!! She loves it!!!!
nice plush toy.  Gave as a gift and it was really enjoyed.
A great toy!  My 16 month old daughter is obsessed with Elmo, so we wanted to find a cute and age-appropriate toy for her.  This one is perfect!  It's safe to leave with her in the crib or playpen (teething!) as nothing can come off, and it is the perfect size for her to carry around and cuddle with.  It's soft and cute, and she has barely put it down since she received at Christmas!  Highly recommended as a great toy for a little fan.
excellent
The cutest little charmander!  This little charmander is just plain adorable. I bought it as a gift but wanted it keep it for myself when I saw it. Ha! The only thing I could complain about was that it took longer to ship than I expected it to. I do know it was coming from very far away so I can't complain too much. It was definitely worth the wait.
Our granddaughter was very pleased with Furby & carries it everywhere she goes.
good
The Holy Grail of Monty Python gifts.  I couldn't stop playing with this.  Sure, sure, it's a gift for my brother-in-law and all, but it's just fun.  The limbs tear off him like you'd expect them to, and you can make him hop around and such.  I can't wait to hear how much he loves it after Christmas.
My child really wanted princess Rosalina and is very happy. I'm happy with the quality and reasonable price  My child really wanted princess Rosalina and is very happy. I'm happy with the quality and reasonable price. Thank you.
Very soft and cute bunny!
Grandchildren love it!  Our grandchildren, 18 months old, love it!
Big, but great none the less  Pretty big stuffed dolls. But great none the less. My toddler loves them.
Grandson loved it!
Great  Cute, distracting while traveling, great for motor development
Cute and sooooooooo  soft  It's a realy cute and soft doll, good quality and it arrived so quickly! realy nice and cute !! x3
Perfect for the child in all of us.  I totally did not buy this for myself. Nope. My neice/daughter/neighbors child LOVED the plush, the perfect huggable size, the overall adorableness of Snuggy. She adores it and hopes to add to her collection of perfect Sesame Street plush characters. D
Awesome  A super large Pokemon plush for you. This is big and fun for my kids. Got this one for a great price here at Amazon.
great yoy
Worth it  Excellent condition, quality toy.  Wings were a bit bent out of shape but very cute.
They were the colors I needed for a birthday party
It seems after reading other reviews for a similar set that the biggest issue was the product people were receiving were either not all the same size or straight up didn't match up with whatever image was listed.  I was happy to find that was not the case with this set.  Items showed up individually wrapped, seem to be nice quality, are all similar in size, and look true to the pictures used for the listing.
It easily is her favorite gift  I am 39 years old and this thing makes me smile. Bought it for Christmas for my 5 yr old. It easily is her favorite gift. We purchased one for our 13 yr old and she loves it too. The whole family sits around grinning at them. And having two is fun. They talk to each other, introduce themselves, and sing and dance together.
Perfect!  Very cute, well-made, exactly as pictured! Wife loved it.
Small but carries a BIG BANG!  When i first hooked the sub up it sounded weak but the more i used it the louder it got. To be a 8 inch sub it gets low. The look is nice. It has a 200 rms bash amp, so you need the right equipment to push the littlle devil. I'm very pleased with the esw-v8.
This actually is a very nice plushy it looks exactly as the picture shows and soft as you might expect the shipping is a bit of a wait but it's worth it. Also buying a product with such few ratings seems like a bad thing but non should be had with this one.
Very soft and cuddly!  Cute colors and a good size to hug and sleep with for my 8 y/o.
Wonderful, cute Kirby arrived via Amazon Prime to my house. It was a gift along with others for my girlfriend but our dog spotted it while unpacking the shipping container. We decided it can be his. He quickly tore it apart so please don't give this to a dog. Also, there are beads in it so I should've known better. I've yet to stitch him up but I will soon.  He arrived clean and intact.
smaller than I pictured  I guess I should have read the measurements. Otherwise it is cute. Comes with a little bag of gross candy.
So so cute
Best Toy Ever  Even the adults loved this little toy.  It was the biggest hit on Christmas Day with everyone. Would buy again and again for family and friends' kids.
Minnie never lets go  My baby niece loves her Minnie. She can go to sleep with out her.
Great!
Beautiful, smart toy  My 4 month old received this item for Christmas.  It is amazing what it can do.  Just plug it into your computer and program Cora to say so many wonderful things to your child including their name and upcoming holidays.  She teaches counting, ABC's and body parts.  My daughter also loves the 5 minutes of songs.  Great toy at a fantastic price!
Super large slinky dog  Super large slinky dog, was totally surprised  when it arrived, I didn't expect anything this big or with such excellent quality.  My 3 y/o grandniece will love this for her birthday gift.  It has a cute face, is soft & cuddly even though it's a slinky dog.  Just a great pull toy for any toddler, offers super imagination that the child is pulling a real dog, since it is so real looking due to it's life size replication.  It's covered with a soft plush material, has a big happy smile with tongue out & long soft floppy ears.  This slinky dog will put a smile on any child's face.
Great experience and great product  Our daughter loves all the colorful buckles
Received as advertised and fast delivery
We discovered Findus, and have bought all of the books.  I wish there were more!
Great Pot  I love this pot.  It is a very versatile size and the bonus items are handy.  Recommend for any type of chef.
Very Nice!  Good Quality for the Money,Good Purchase. Well worth buying if you like the South Park Series. I'll be looking for other's soon.
Great!
kids love it!  a much better behaved Furby than one purchased last year.  easier to understand, not as rude, 12 yr. old son enjoys when his friends aren't around!  his younger sister has one and they have fun playing together w/them, going to their Furby world on iPads etc.  has some funny sayings!
Nice toy
She likes it  I brought this for my one year old daughter and she loves it,she takes him everywhere,to bed,to her grandma's,even when it time to eat and she sleeps with him every night so if she is happy I am happy.
Looks awesome  It's very cute. It's soft and fluffy. I would recommend this great quality plush.
My niece loves it!  Got this doll for my five year old niece. She loves it because it talks. She carries it everywhere she goes. Thanks
Good. Bought just as a small present, nice item.
Adoreable as advertised
It's the cutest thing ever and looks just like him. She loves them all  Granddaughter #1 is a BabyFirstTV baby and loves all of the characters. We already had Harry The Bunny and Rainbow Horse and had to get this Tec when we saw it. It's the cutest thing ever and looks just like him. She loves them all! So cute! Wish they had Squeak mice and an "acorn" we could find.
Llama Llama  Llama Llama books are the bedtime favorite - now we have Llama Llama himself to read with and go to bed.  Quality product.
Evil Purple Minion Was a Hit!!  I purchased this as a gift for my sister.  She absolutely LOVES him!  She wants to find a cage to put him in to hang over her desk at work. :)
his name is olaf and he likes warm hugs.  This plush toy is well made and a great adittion to any Frozen fans collection! Id recommend this to anyone who likes Olaf or frozen in general, I mean come on it talks! :-)
Was very happy to find this for my sons birthday! He really loves it! Thank you! :)
Great purchase!  Very cute plush doll.  My daughter loves her Rilakuma to death!  I also like hat it has a little zipper pouch in the back.  My daughter usually likes stuffing things into it, haha.  Its also the perfect size for her, shes 2.
Loved it!!  So cute. Hard to find Tinker Bell dolls. Bought it for my daughter and she loves it as well.
Great Quality! My son just loves his Gizmo.
ADORABLE!!!!
It is very very cute! My daughter loves it!!!
Good food cheap price  This food is so great and cheap the Content is fresh. No addictive and colors. I recommend this to anyone who have parakeets you will save a lot of money over time
my 3 year old loves it
Great size, not to big, not to small. Made our grandchild very happy.
Great quality! My daughter loves this stuff animal  Great quality!  My daughter loves this stuff animal!  We have two so they can be switched out to be washed up without her knowing.
Super Cute Pikachu  Super soft and really cute! Fast Shipping. Thanks
on time and just as expected
Great Gift  My Girlfriend loves it
And the towel- like material was absolutely perfect for my drooly baby niece  So freaking cute. And the towel- like material was absolutely perfect for my drooly baby niece!
Larger than expected.  Washed it and did not come apart.  Grandson loves it.
ADORABLE!  This is definitely worth the price. You can get these much cheaper at another site, but the shipping takes months, so I would pay to get it sooner rather than much later. But DO NOT order these during the holidays, otherwise, you won't get it for a long time.
Snap dragon  My son loves it great addition to his collection product as described.
My daughter is in love with this little stuffed animal  My daughter is in love with this little stuffed animal.  She has to sleep with it every night. Super soft.  I bought a back up just in case the one we have gets lost.
The story is great! Love the puppy, son really enjoyed it.
So Real  Great gift for anyone of any age. Really looks like the real dog.
Great eye relief  Clear optics, with lots of eye relief. This scope would be great on a lever action gun or pistol. Have not used the BDC yet as rounds used do not drop much at 100 yards.
Very cute.
Great product.
This is my 2-year-old's new favorite toy. He loves to buckle and unbuckle everything  This is my 2-year-old's new favorite toy.  He loves to buckle and unbuckle everything, and use the zipper.  Plus, he holds it and plays with it as a normal, very cute fish.  I also use it to reinforce colors and shapes to him.  When he grows older, I will try teaching him to cross the buckles (some of the colors are the same type of buckle, some are different, but the ones that are the same are just long enough you can cross-connect them).  This is also our favorite new toy, because it doesn't drive us crazy making noise, and it keeps him occupied easily for 15-30 minutes every time!
Cute but expensive  My 4yo loves outer space and the planets. These are the only stuffed animal planets I could find. We have all of the planets and they are cute and well made, but a little pricey if you ask me. I mean it is just a stuffed toy. I kept waiting for them to go on sale, but I guess that doesn't happen. They are hard to find so you can't even really shop around for a better price. Overall we like them and even though the price was steep, we bought them over time. They are very cute and a great way to learn or just play!
Granddaughter shrieked with joy upon receiving these for Christmas.
So cute!!!
It was perfect for my son's Ghostbusters Party. Great material
Very happy
Super cute and soft!  Gave this as a birthday present to a 3 year old, she absolutely loved it!  It is a good size (larger than I expected it to be), soft and fluffy.  Just adorable.
Adorable. Get her for a fair price though.  Adorable. High quality, picture accurate. Overpriced here though, check disneystore's website daily and you'll find her for $19.99. I was just at the disneystore in Salt Lake City this weekend and they had a bunch of these sweet Anna dolls in stock. Be patient and pay the right price, but definitely get this doll for the Frozen fan in your life. We love Anna! *If I find more on Disneystore's website I'll comment on this review so others can pay the right price too. :)
I like pie And this set 10 out of  10 :D
Came perfect and on time
Very cute arrived later then expected.
Cute and little  Cute and little, sits on the bed great.
I bought it for my 21 month old grandson and he loves it. It keeps him occupied when they go out to eat.
baby gurl love this
thank you
daughter loves it
very very cute doll I love it!
Adorable, my girl will love it :)
It's so fluffffffyyyyyy!  I absolutely love this product. Not only is it the perfect size for my 5 year old brother, but it is also very soft and has enough room inside to fit snack and games in it (like a DS). I bought this as a Christmas present because we are going to Disneyland after Christmas....perfecto!
Very cute ! Lived it
ffffffffuuuuuuuuuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  nice suction cup which is cool and cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Perfect!  My 6 year old son loves this! I got it for him as a Christmas gift and he was so excited. The size is great as is the detail and the texture. My son sleeps with this every night and it is by far his favorite stuffed animal.
Wow, Just, Woooooooooow!!  It was worth Every cent. it came Waaaaay more bigger than I thought! Its Adorable, fluffly and cute! I can't stop hugging it! I highly recommend it~! No regrets!
Exactly what my son wanted  My son flipped his lid when he received this in the mail.
Love this doll ! Super high quality
Step grandchild gift  It was a great hit for 7 year old. Would recommend it and it arrived in a timely manner over the holiday season.
Nice
So cute. My daughter loves it.
Cute hanging out in my room...  I just love the cute, fun, soft, and cuddly Ugly Dolls... What more can I say?  Everyone seems to love them.  Who knows?  Maybe they will help little kids stop being afraid of "monsters"... Just tell them that monsters are scared of the Ugly Dolls.  :-D  I'm 43 years old and have 4 of them in my room, and have had NO issues with monsters coming into my room at night, nor are there any monsters in my closet or under my bed.  If I could add pictures I could show everyone how monster-free my room is.  Hard to believe, but true!  :-P
I liked everything
loved by all three kids, ages 1-4  I have twin 17-month-old toddlers (boy and girl) and a 4-year old girl. I bought two Dora dolls for the girls, and I'm coming back for a third. All three kids love her... and fight over her. Boots is a hit too. They like to "talk" to each other. Might not be incredibly durable, but standard for beanie baby. One of the backpack straps is coming loose on one doll after owning for two weeks. Made for ages 3+, so I'm monitoring for wear or loose parts. No plastic eyes or any obvious choking hazards.
so he liked this truck  My son loves the book, so he liked this truck.
Kawaii  I sent this gift to a good friend of mine for Christmas, she absolutely love it, it cute and adorable, and it sent out a good Christmas charm.
Thank you so much!
Perfect for Halloween props  Used this for book hardware for Halloween props. Very happy! Looks great!
got the whole collection too!  my grand-daughter loved him!
Sally  Thats Hello Kittys new name. I know its kind of a shock for me too, but the daughter loves it. Well worth the $
D'awwww!  Okay, I won't lie, when I first got this doll I thought it was odd-looking. The hairline was way too far back, and so that just looked strange. I also wasn't exactly happy with the fact that America arrived a day after the expected shipping date, but I ordered him around the holiday season, so I kinda got what I deserved.  That said, I'm still gonna give this guy five stars because America is just so darn adorable! Not to mention he's a huge hit with all of my Hetalia-obsessed friends and he's surprisingly durable! He's also an adorable companion to curl up in bed and watch Hetalia with on a cold night.
Babies and Toddlers adore this toy!  To say my 3-year-old adores the Cookie Monster plush would be a gross understatement. So when her sister was born last year, we got the baby this Elmo doll. It too is a great hit, and it has become the baby's best friend. It's soft and snuggly, plus she loves sucking on its hard eyes. Elmo's a little less baggy than the Cookie Monster, but still plenty soft and cuddly. (I haven't needed to wash Elmo yet, but the Cookie Monster has seen the washing machine and dryer several times over his 3 years and has held up well These are very sturdy toys.)  That's 2 for 2. Maybe for baby #3 we'll spring for another plush from this collection...Big Bird perhaps? :)
Perfect
We're Happy  The Toopy & Binoo animals worked well and entertained our son on the airplane as we intended them to do.
Im very happy with it  its so cute! Im very happy with it!
Obviously cheaply made but was so cute I couldn't resist
Realistic, Fun Alligator  We purchased this alligator in May 2012.  Seven months later, my three year old son still takes it everywhere, sleeps with it, plays with it.  It looks very realistic.  The best one I've seen. It's been washed in cold water and is still vibrant in color.  It's kind of educational b/c my son wants to know what they eat, where they sleep, etc.  His refers to himself as an alligator now.
Adorable!  Adorable!  They all are!
Very good seller, the product was beyond my expectations, great, I recommend !!!
Great product and great price!!!
The greatest  My son was very pleased he loves it! He collects the whole Mario Kingdom. And we will be buying more
gift for baby  really cute baby gift, has owl decor in nursery, mom loved it also, something she can snuggle with for a long time
Excellent quality  Bought 2 of these and am very pleased with the quality of this product.
Good quality  Good quality. I bought it for my granddaughter. She's 3 yrs. old.  She loved it.
great
Smurf Doll  Doll arrived when promised and was exactly as described.  Purchased as a gag gift.
My son loves it. Good value.  Good looking stuffed animal. So far no issues.
BOO  Made a great gift. Very happy!
Loved by my 7 year old!  Daughter loved it and is part of her "must sleep with" collection!
Gift
Just what we were hoping for!  Delivery was SUPER FAST! I ordered them on a Thursday night and they delivered 6am on Friday. I was very impressed. We got the candy and pizza. The candy smells like bubblegum and the pizza smells like oregano. Great quality. I ordered more of surprise packs 1 & 2, can't wait to get them today.
My 2 yr old daughter loves her Hank!
Do I NEED to explain why this is awesome?  Plushies are awesome, correct?  Yes.  Maverick Hunter Zero from Capcom's Megaman X franchise is also awesome, correct?  Yes.  So, mathematically speaking  Awesome + Awesome = Awesome squared, which is a lot of awesome.  Class dismissed!
Very good and I love it so much
Great toy, my daughter loves working with buckles So this was an instant favorite. Also helps with learning what colors match. Good learning toy
fuzzy and cute awesome size
Other than that it's perfect..  Only thing missing was the little bell in the tail. Other than that it's perfect... great gift for my daughter who LOVES foxes and The Little Prince movie.
Excellent so far!  After going through numerous blenders, I am hopeful that this one will last.  So far it appears to be much more sturdy, and should not be prone to failure when the frozen chunks of ice or fruit or ? have caused other blenders to fail.
My niece loves it
Perfect for your mini Star Wars fan!!!  Great gift for mini Star Wars fans! Soft! Great size for little hands! Amazing resemblance to the one and only millennium falcon! Great quality! Highly recommend
Adorable donkey!  I will always be proud to be a Democrat!
As described (small size)
As pictured/described.  Got this for my teen daughter, and she loves it.  Item was the real deal.  So cute.
Perfect size.  Purchased this Elmo doll for my 17 mo. old granddaughter, who loves watching Elmo on Sesame Street. Perfect size...not to big, not too small. It doesn't talk, move or do anything, but it is a really nice cuddle doll, and now she can hug Elmo in person. She loves it.
A Big Hit  Appears well made. Granddaughter is delighted with her Furby Boom. A lovable toy that is sure to give hours of fun.
very cute  My grandchild collects the Simpson plush toys and was pleased to receive this one as a gift from Grandma.  Good quality.
Ssssuper  Very soft and cuddly, has taken a place of honor in our living room
This deer head is adorable!  This deer head is adorable! Very soft material. I bought this for my son's nursery. When it came in it was so neat my husband wants to order the bear head to go with it. I don't know why people are complaining about the size being too small because it has the measurements on the description.
A hit  My son loves angry bird Star Wars especially "Luke Skywalker" so he loved it! He carries it around all the time.
cute & magic  Very happy my son love it
It was useful and of good quality.
My grandson loved this!  I purchased this along with other Angry Birds for my grandson for Christmas.  He loved this one and all of them!
bought as a gift  Bought this as a gift for a loved one that really enjoys Pokemon. There is no official merch, so I had nothing to compare this to, but apparently this is good. Thanks!
Great Christmas gift for my dog! He collects angry birds.
Nice quality. Lovely design.  Bright pink, not purple. Heavy white cotton. Perfectly lovely.
Brilliant and Adorable Shiny Vulpix Plush!  The best and most adorable Vulpix plushie available! Even though it is a custom design (by OnlyFactory, as seen on the tags) and not an official Nintendo product, it is absolutely amazing in quality and detail, 100% accurate to the design of the actual Pokmon.  You will not find a lovelier Vulpix plush! This particular Vulpix plush comes in both regular coloured and Shiny forms; both are made from the same exact design, but simply use different colour fabrics (just like the large Vaporeon plushies made by the same company). Both are equally nice. I personally chose the Shiny Vulpix for her unique vivid electric yellow and orange colouration -- plus I've always loved Vulpixs Shiny form in-game, and Shiny Pokmon plushies are quite difficult to come by. She is as bright as a sunbeam! (But if you want the classic style, definitely go with the original-coloured Vulpix of the same brand.)  The plush toy itself is made from very high-quality velvety-soft durable materials, and constructed with utmost attention to detail. The colours of the Shiny Vulpix plush are vivid and perfect: most of her body is bright yellow, her tails and head tufts are neon-orange, her paws and inner-ears are light gray, and she has a peach-coloured underbelly.  The tails are most impressive and expertly designed. All six of her lovely curled neon-orange tails are separate and spread out, not stuck together (so each one can be moved freely and realistically), and they are stitched onto her backside firmly and securely. The three curls on the back of her head are very similar to the tails, and the tuft of fur curling over her forehead, resembling bangs, is adorable. She has dainty light gray paws with detailed digits, and she can stand up on her own, very well-balanced, so she can easily be displayed on a bed, shelf, desk, or wherever you would like to place her. All over, her body is masterfully constructed and stuffed to perfection. She is very soft and cuddly, ideal for snuggling with. Accurate to the true Vulpix, which is based on a fox cub, this plushie model has a distinct vulpine muzzle (although it is a bit squared-off at the end due to the nose being embroidered and flat, not stuffed). Her fox cub nose is large, black and rounded-triangular in shape, she has no visible mouth, and her light brown eyes are beautifully embroidered.  If you were looking for the perfect Vulpix plush, look no further. You will not be disappointed with this one! She is a wonderful, super cute and cuddly Pokmon plushie for children and collectors. Highly recommended.  Vulpix is a true classic Pokmon, and the first and only fox-based Pokmon in Generation I, along with her evolution Ninetales. This adorable vixen goes well with her masculine counterpart, Growlithe the puppy-based Pokmon -- and Eevee the kitten-based Pokmon. :)
Very nice toy grandson will love this Pokmon for Christmas thanks 
Lovely toy and fast delivery  My little niece is really happy with her toy. Fast delivery too which I was very impressed by!
perfect
My son loves this.  He's been taking it to school for a week or so now, he's quite impressed. Simple design but seems to be well-made. On time, good packaging.
Great for counseling  As a counselor, I can say that Cloud has been an excellent tool to get children interested in exploring and identifying their feelings.
Got for my 9 yr old sons Christmas and he loves it. Nothing wrong with it at all very cute! Bigger than I was thinking it would be.
love it
Perfect Plush  This was a gift and was exactly what I was looking for.  The recipient loved it and I was very pleased.
Very soft!  Super soft and cuddly! Got this for a Christmas present to go along with the book and I kind of don't want to let it go.  It's a good size plush doll, but I wish the head wasn't more proportionate to the body and limbs.
The Wookie Roars!  This plushy is adorable and also super plush. It's s bit larger than you might think but perfect for cuddling with my 5 year old. It's very soft and lovable. Great product!
Cute  Exactly as shown
L Death Note  Official Shonen Jump product; great quality plush. Purchased as a present for my little sister that is a big fan of the anime Death Note; she loved it. Great purchase.
Great toy  My 4 yr niece loved this!! It is so cute and she chases it and sings
Just as you would expect  Pretty much arrived as described and my son loved it. It's a plushie Zombie, and it's 7 inches tall.  Fast shipping, good packaging. Over all win. Thanks!
it sits in the window of my car, as it was intended, unless my kids get it down to play with it, perfect size to do just that and as of yet is pretty durable
Disney store quality!
Awesome. Made my daughter happy!!  Perfect condition and really fast shipping! Love it!
Its Max and Ruby!!  My granddaughter loves these. She's 3 snd loves Max  and Ruby. A very nice size. Not tiny but not so big she can't handle them.
An adorable little Snorlax plush  Such a cute, well made plush! It isn't large by any means; I measured it to be just under 8.5" tall. No worries, though, because it is very soft and densely stuffed. I would definitely buy this plush again!
,  Purchased this for a young fella, for Christmas, that loves Mickey & can only recognize red,yellow & black.  He loved Minny Mouse. TO MAKE A WISH FOUNDATION is sending he & his family to Disney in March.  Very well made.  Very pleased with construction and softness.
Product arrived as described.  Thank you very much...
Good gift  My 4 year old loved it. Took her everywhere she go. Got it for Christmas gift and she liked it the most
Perfect sidekick for any lover of Disneys Lilo and Stitch  Perfect sidekick for any lover of Disneys Lilo and Stitch. Bought him so my 2 year old could have him with her Lilo costume. Now she sleeps with him almost every night.
Fantastic  This soft and cute plush figure is perfect for the little ones. The wings bend to any position that you want. Bright colors. Adorable. Highly recommend.
... of some reviews and the price but it's the perfect size for my two year old to hold  I was a little skeptic because of some reviews and the price but it's the perfect size for my two year old to hold. She loves Poppy and this is a great snuggly pal for her to sleep with. I was looking for something that didn't sing or talk so it doesn't wake her up at night and this one is perfect! I highly recommend it! This trolls has the Dreamworks Hasbro tag attached.
gift for a little girl.  she carried it around all day. she loves it
Goodson was very happy
Perfect! Exactly what my daughter wanted  Got this guy for my daughter. It's not large (which I was happy about) and is made very well. It is shaped appropriately (no weird eye placement or sideways nose, legs look like legs) The fabric is super soft, daughter loves to cuddle with him! But it is not smooshy, it will stand up on it's own like the photo. Great piece for the Pokemon Eevee fans!
lovely  it looks great i bought pato and Eli this is my 3d addition and the quality is great my son loves it and its a good size
It's Adorable  As a huge fan of Kingdom Hearts, i was excited to see a Heartless plush. I ordered it and it arrived very quickly. There isn't a single thing wrong with it. It's cute, it's eyes glow in the dark, and it's aentenas are made of wire so they can be bent and twirled however you want them to appear. This is a MUST HAVE for ANY Kingdom Hearts fan no matter how old. (i'm 19 and i love it)
incredible!!!!!  the BEST cartoon on the planet!!!  God bless the creators of this incredible, family oriented, NOT nasty or demonic, excellent cartoon!!
Great Buy  I thought it would be bigger, but the quality and shipping is rather quick. He's so cute, the little hood can even slide off.
Makes me giggle a bit wearing them as I walk down the hall to get my mail.
my daughter hasn't put it down yet. she sleeps with it!! adorable
good quality  Good quality.
it's her favorite!!  the second one I have ordered!  One for the Texas crib and one for Cape Cod...it's her favorite!!!
The material quality and workmanship was much better to other versions I've seen in stores  Bought as a gift.  The material quality and workmanship was much better to other versions I've seen in stores.
I bought this as a gift and she loved it. Super cute.
My grandson was so excited with his Elmo.  He takes him everywhere.
My best friend absolutely loved her birthday gift, thank you!
my grandson loved it
Loved it
was packaged great. Just as described  Ordered for my grandson. Arrived as promised, was packaged great. Just as described, grandson loves it Would order again 109%
it is what it is!  I thought it was small, but the dimensions listed are right! I was just hoping was a little bigger ...... but it does not matter my son loved it!
SUPER CUTE <3
Huge Hit, but Cheaper at Toysrus!  My 16 month old is a huge barney fan and this toy has not left her side! It sings "I Love You" and it can be turned off by a switch if you tire of the song or if your little one wants to sleep with Barney (as mine does) and you don't want the song waking her up. But, this toy is way cheaper at Toysrus. It is currently 12.99 at Toysrus for the exact same toy!
So cute  Perfect for my HTV project!
They are so adorable and really good quality!
Good gift  This was a gift and the recipient loves it.
Love it! Tiny but Great.  This plush is tiny and cute. It can sit right in the palm of your hand. If you want something larger, I suggest buying a different item, but if you just want a little plushie this is the one to get. The details are excellent and it's well-made.
I adore Sailor Mercury! Shipping was fast. Came in perfect condition. A must buy for any Sailor Moon fan.
This Mickey plush is great my mom loved  it the hat and colors  are very bright
Cute, but small  Bought for my 5 year old and 3 year old who love the Mario Bros.  Should of looked at the dimensions; they were pretty small.
Great item and fast shipping!  My daughter was thrilled!! It was shipped pretty fast too!
I recommend this as a gift  Excellente buy, nothing more to say. I recommend this as a gift
We Love Boo  My 18 month old son isn't normally into stuffed animals, but when he saw Boo at the store, he immediately ran over to it and started cuddling it.  It's very soft and high quality. Perfect size for a toddler to tote around and love on.  It's also much cuter in person than it is in the Amazon photo.
Nice detail, my son loves it.
Too funny, the boy loved it.
Son loves Llama Llama  My son loves the Llama Llama books, so I know he is going to love this. Its really cute and soft. the hat is attached with a few thread, If you really wanted to take it off you could
A great toy, my kid really loves it (and the other ones from the story).
My grand nephew loved this plush toy  My grand nephew loved this plush toy.  Despicable Me is ha\is favorite movie.  He's one year old so I don't understand why it fascinates him so much.
Adorable plushy  This was my sons first purchase with his hard-earned money and he is in love with it. its big, cute, plush and goes everywhere.  P.S. his name is "Gasty"
Perfect  Packaged well and was just as described
Really Pretty  Really pretty doll with soft body and lovely facial features.  I purchased it for my 2-year old granddaughter as her older 5-year old sister was going through her "mermaid stage", so that she wouldn't feel left out.  She loves her mermaid and drags the poor thing everywhere.
Great granddaughter loved ALL emotion characters!
Awesome  My 5 year old loved his snorlax.. perfect size
Too cute. And larger than expected.
Great  My son loves Mario Brothers and all the characters in it. Since he had all the other characters, he decided this would be the last character to complete his collection. She is well made and fun to play with. He has really enjoyed this purchase.
sounds just like the character's voice on the actual movie
Very happy  Love this little plush as does everyone else. This one is of better quality than most I've seen. It's very soft and any child will love it.
Beautiful and well made!!
Beautiful  Thia doll is exceeding my expectations. After not being able to find a single Disney plush Belle doll in the entire magic kingdom or Polynesian hotel, I had to check amazon. So happy I did bc the doll is soft and beautiful. Looks very well made. Belle's face is very pretty. Can't wait to give to my daughter.
Very cute & exactly what my son was looking for!
Bubble Guppies Nonny Plush  My Grandson loves his Nonny plush...he has him nearby all day & sleeps with him at night! He would love a Goby plush...but I am not having any luck finding one.
Great new friend for my puppy  My puppy's new sleeping buddy :)
My son loved it  This item was a Christmas present for my youngest son.  The item has been used hard and has held up well.  My son was very happy with this product.
good set. thankyou
thanks  i can only find positive to say regarding this!! product came in perfect condition. easy transaction and perfect shipping. thanks! my son loved his christmas present!!
Absolutely adorable and literally impossible to find from any other company  Absolutely adorable and literally impossible to find from any other company.  Who else would make a plush of a great composer? I have nothing but love for little ludwig.  He makes a great git for a geek and an odd gift for someone who doesn't like music.  BUY HIM.
Beautiful Sheepdog!!!  My aunt LOVES her Sheepdog! She had two Sheepdogs as an adult that she adored and still misses, hence I thought she'd like "baby Lela" as a birthday gift. It was a big hit! She called me and said they were watching TV together. *smiles* She also said that the Sheepdog is adorable, soft, plush and well-crafted. Thank you for a great buying experience!
Great buy  Nice item.  As described.  Very fast shipping
Not the same as original kohls cares, but darn close
Exactly what my grandson asked for
What the little one wanted  Bought this for a 5 year old girl's birthday present and she loves it.  It's super soft and the 'horn' is not hard, so no worries that someone's going to get hurt with it.  It's not easy to find a narwhal doll and it was a specific request (she had been told they're like the unicorn of the sea - so, you no, little girls love unicorns so she thinks narwhals are very cool.)
Granddaughter loved it
The character came in fine shape before 25th, so all fine.
Very nice item
It's so cute! Nice plush! I gave it as a gift to my friend and she loves it. It really looks like the one from the movie.
My nephew loves it ...... takes it everywhere!!!!
cute!
it look cuter in real life  so fuzzy and sweet and cute. I love the RBC . i gave it to a teacher i had for bloodbanking and serology. My instructor really appreciated the RBC
fun doll  My 4 year old grandson love this Cruella doll!
My daughter is obsessed with her Savannah monkey
My birds love it!
Daughter loves this sweet doll.
Fantastic plush for the kids  Shipping was extremely fast. The quality of the plush isn't comparable. Great product and the kids loved it. Squirt is attached by 2 strings, rip him off and now your kids have two toys to play with. Definitely will buy more from Disney on Amazon
This doll is LOVELY!  I do not understand  the negative reviews and I read ALL of them.  It is BEST for a little girl that the clother are sewn on so nothing gets lost!  My youngest granddaughter turns three tomorrow and I can hardly wait to see her hug this sweet dolly.  She is BEAUTIFULLY MADE and at a great price for the quality and all the embroidered details that are more than what show on the photos. I couldn't be more pleased!
Thanks
My grandson thanks you - he loves it!!!
Perfect  My son loved it!
Great quality picture is right I don't know why people even make fakes it's perfect
Soft, well made Rabbid  Now I have to see this episode....
Great toddler toy  Great quality toy to keep any toddler entertained.  This is a great item to keep a child distracted.  Great for motor skills development as well.  My son loved this.
Too Cute  It is adorable!
Built to Last!  Definitely different from the type you get at Target (I checked those) His fur is super soft and his size is perfect for my 19 month old to hug.
Adorable Pikachu  This is one of the cutest Pikachus I've ever seen, my son picked it out and I thought it was kinda strange with the apple but it is ADORABLE!! I cannot believe how fast this shipped to us, it arrived in perfect condition and is a quality stuffed toy. Very happy with his choice :-)
Great Item  A great item that is well made and inexpensive. Small, soft, and quite cute. A must-have for any Pokmon fan.
Love it...
OH is adorable and such a good price
cute  my one year old loves this doll, its soft and light weight, she carries it everywere and I can wash it if needed.
Great Size, Well Made, Perfect!  My daughter (7 years old) wanted a "big" Toothless stuffie for Christmas, and so I bought this one for her. She was SO happy and excited, she takes it everywhere. Definitely worth the money. Highly recommend for any How to Train Your Dragon fan.
Beautifull product  The plush is so well made and it is the right size for a todddler.
athis Barney is just the right size for a 2 yr old!! Lydia loves it and she sings along with him!
My grandson loves him!
:)
Awesomely creepy!  Awesomely creepy! Bigger than I had expected, and so soft. Will be ordering more in the future! A+++++
love my tweety. looks just like him.
great for me  elmo was a big hit with my grandaughter! she asked if i wud find one for. I hadn't used Amazon before but they had the one that i wanted and it was shipped to her, great for me. She loves her new best friend , that made me happy!
Don't climb inside  This thing... I bought it because I have a friend who works outside in the cold and the crap all the time, and thought it would be a hilarious gift. He was happy, it's a good looking toy, I'm happy.
I will buy from this company again  Good price, fast shipping, cute product
she loved it!  got this as a gift for a friend, she loved it!
Our little Niece loved it. Perfect little toy.
Thank you!
adorable  My granddaughters love it
Cute  I got this for my ten year old and she absolutely loved it!! She wears them around the house with the eyes popped out, haha hilarious
Weight bottom a d holding up good.: )  Son LOVES it.  Weight bottom a d holding up good.  :)
Wonderful!  My 2yr old loves Elmo, this was a great addition for us and he loves to gives hugs! This is a great toy for teaching kindness and genteelness as well!
He won't put it down!  I bought this plush Elmo for a friends one year old son. He doesn't say much but when he opened it up and saw Elmo, his eyes widened and he tried to stuff it (Elmo) in his mouth.  Overall, this Elmo is soft, and has a soft nose and soft eyes which I really love for a young toddler. His mouth is flat which gives him the appearance of a more genuine (I feel) smile than some of the other plush Elmos on the market.  For the price, you rally can't go wrong with this toy.
Daughter loves her StrechKins.
Cute
Soooo cute.  So cute and adorable just like the pictures. Arrival early than anticipated. Very happy.
Cutest. Thing. Ever.  Arrived approximately 2 weeks after I ordered it. Was in great condition. Very cute and soft and I plan on buying another for my roommate's birthday!
she loved it
Cute and Fun!!!  I love Calico Critters!!! they are so cute,and so much fun for kids of any age to play and have fun. This set comes with a choo  train, and a baby lamb. Have fun!!!
This is a great surprise  My nine years old wanted an Elf for chirstmas. I got her an Elf girl but she told me later that she wanted an Elf boy. It was already too late to change it. But when we got this one, she just fall in love with it. It is way too cute not to be loved. I have to move her all around the house because it is magic Elf. It is a lot of fun.
Very nice  I bought two for the Easter baskets, my granddaughters  loved them.
toothfairy did well with this gift!  This puppy has been a big hit with my daughter. She loves her puppy and takes her everywhere.
The moose is of great  Only problem with this product is that it shows two but you only get one and I would not have minded that but you cant pick the color you want so you assume it is 2.  The moose is of great quality
Nice quality! Good gift for any SAO fan.
Good quality  Good quality and the design its equal than the picture and the colors its the same too, good product, this come inside a plastic bag.
love this plushieI  I love this plushie it is durable yet adorable. I just received this today so excited to hang it up on my wall!
Adorable  I was impressed with this when it came in the mail. It was so cute and larger than I expected. It also arrive about a month sooner than it originally said, which was great since we were moving. It was a gift for my niece who loves llamas. She freaked out when she saw it!
Loved it...so cute...music and light up nose are great!
So soft~~~
Both my kids loved KIRBY!
so stinkin' cute
cool.
Not only a toy but also a learning tool  I love this toy! My son was into buckling everything from his high chair to changing table. I give it to him during car rides and I was amazed at how well he did with the toy. It helped him match the colors and with after just a few tries, he got all of the colors matched correctly. I was such a proud momma! He is only 20 months!!
Pleased with product  Item exactly as described. Well made and my grandson very pleased with his present!
Adorable!!  I was so excited to get this giraffe during a product promotion.  The trouble was...that I only got one.  My kids fought over it, the dog wanted it, and it was supposed to be mine!  The kids and I share it.  The dog..well, tough cookie for him.  He can have it when we have tired of it, but for now, it is under my protection from that hairy beast.  This thing is so darn cute.  It is larger than I expected.  2 feet high!  It is pretty well built, definitely a better quality than the carnival stuffies you can get at your local fair or carnival.  The only thing that I didn't like, was when they shipped it, they bend the neck over, so it fits in a smaller box, and it takes a day or two for it to straighten back out, so, if you're giving this as a gift, take it out of the box a day or two before it is given, to give the neck time to straighten out.  I did not see any rips, tears, or bad sewing on this.  The ears are attached well, as are the eyes and tail.  It also stands up on it's own!  No falling over, or having to prop it up.
very good quality in materials and design, just like the ones you see on TV. My kid loves them.
Great for little ones!  Gave this to my 1 1/2 yr old grandson for Christmas, he loves it!  Just went back and bought Iron Man and Hulk.
Love it!  So adorable! Bought this and a few others for my son who loves stuffed animals. Was a little worried about the whole Zombie thing, but it's done well!
Very cute
but still a great purchase.  My daughter loves buckles and has a blast playing with this toy. She's only 15 mo., so i have to undo them for her once she's done, but still a great purchase.
Beautiful plush !!!
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die!  Super cute plushie that matches the description and picture on the site.
It was smaller than what I thought it was going to be but my son loved it! I got it for him for his 18th birthday and he was very happy with it.
Good quality product.  A solidly made plush, with good craftsmanship, and look exactly like what is in the picture, unlike some cheap knockoffs.  The price point is also reasonable compared to some other licensed plush.
The kids love these!  Great quality and detail! They were smaller than expected but looks so much like the game characters! The kids love them!
The kids loved them!  Very cute! The kids loved them!
Adorable  Adorable toy for my granddaughter that loves EVERYTHING Frozen
It is a little loud  But my 7 month old baby loves it. Not to sleep with, but to wake up with. He loves that the face lights up and he always tries to eat it!
Wonderful doll. Soft to touch and such a sweet face! My baby is ten months and hangs on to an arm or leg all day long. This is a perfect, simple doll. Oh, and the bunny really is the cutest thing I've ever seen!! Since mine is a bany , I took off the doll's clothes. And cut the string which attached the bunny. And put the bunny in my purse.  ;)
Listen to the Music  I bought this as a gift for a new baby.  The family told me that when she is in her crib they turn it on and she quiets down and listens to the tunes.
My son loved them.
It's awsome.
My grandson loves it Thank you
2 for Xmas  My kids love horses and this toy was a huge hit when they opened the box Christmas morning. I like that they're big enough for the kids to ride. They've held up well from near daily play. The plush exterior is still in great shape and very soft.
Love thistoy
Breat, gighly recommend  Breat, gighly recommend
Nice plush  Nice plush, got for my son for bedtime, decent size for a 1 1/2 year old.
Perfect cuddle size!!
Nice quality - a little too expensive though. I did order four.
This plush is soft and adorable.  It is a great size for hugging.
very adorable lovely addition to the collection  This plush is very high quality! you can even left up his bangs and see his full head! very adorable lovely addition to the collection :)
Good Quality  Came on time and looked great
toy  priced right, fast shipment
Great  My son loves it and with the remake of the movie just coming out he grabs his DVD and sully and always ask me to put it on so he can watch it
She is able to easily make it light up  Gave this to my sixteen month old granddaughter a couple of months ago.  She is able to easily make it light up, and she loves it.
Great Office Stress Reliever!  We received these this week and I took them into the office.  They really made everyone laugh and we all had a great time making the cows moo and flinging things around.  Things like this are a very easy and low cost morale booster.  We have computers on wheels here and they are called "COWS".  We had an extremely trying week regarding issues with some of the cows, so being able to fling one around and make it moo was great fun!  We also have the flying monkeys in every office on our hallway!  Right now the Cow has a Monkey on his back!
***  Perfect!!! Great Condition. Came in a plastic covering keeping her safe <3
If you know the show - or even if you don't, this is a must buy!  If you can find the channel for Baby First TV - you must watch Peekabo with your baby!  It is my grandson's absolute favorite and he was so happy when I gave him this toy!  It's so soft and we have lots of fun playing peekabo with it.  It's soft, plush and just right for snuggling.
Granddaughter loved them.
Very soft and sweet  Very cute!  My daughter loves it!
My 3 year old son loves all four of them.
Great toy kept my 22 month old busy for an hour! Would definitely recommend!
Small Pokemon Pikachu.  Pok&eacute;mon Pikachu Perfect.
Son loves it.  My son loved these, he is 10.
Zoloft?  My son-in-law asked the clerk at Disney World if they had a Zoloft.  When she looked at him and I started giggling he realized it was Olaf. It took a while to get to him because they are back-ordered (even as Disney World). He was really excited and posted a picture when he got it.
totally huggable
We love it!  While I can't say this is educational, it is super durable and very cute! My 4 yr old son loves playing Angry Birds and this toy and many others like it have been thrown all over his room and Chewie is still perfect! He loves this toy and was so excited to get it for Christmas!
Arrived faster than what I expected and it was perfect! Just as good if not better than the ones in Disney!
granddaughter is happy---do I need to say anymore !!!
Small Plush Peppa the Pig  Cute small Plush Peppa the Pig !!!
Great
LOVED
Children love this toy!  Perfect!
Perfect size  My grandkids love them. They carry them everywhere. Thank you. Perfect size.
Cute and a great deal  This toy does more than talk, his face will make expressions when his tummy is pressed. Cute toy for a boy or girl.
Perfect!  Perfect! I love elephants, and they arrived plush and perfect!
Perfect Link Plush  I bought this as a surprise Christmas gift for my significant other, whose eyes lit up when he received it.  Yes, we are in our 20s, but we both grew up with the Legend of Zelda games and have been nostalgic fans ever since.  I wasn't sure how good the quality of this plush would be when I received it, but it is excellent and without defect!  A very wonderful, very cute Wind Waker-style Link.  I love his little 'leather' boots.  :)
Kids love them!  Ok I might think these are a little creepy but my daughter loves it and thats what matters. Good quality and has not fallen apart. Bigger than I thought it would be which is around the size of my hand but it was perfect as her easter gift. Now she wants all the rest of them too!
My grand-niece loved it!  It's a cute stuffed giraffe.  My grand-niece loved it!
Kids and Rocket  The children we purchased this for just loved it. All the parents and grandparents also found it delightful. Way to go!
Adorable Turtle!  So cute! I got the turtle as a Christmas present for a 2 year old who loves turtles and it was a big hit! Very cute and well made!
She loved it!  Got it for a gift....She loved it!
... though I think I got a fake one it's super cute and soft and came super  Even though I think I got a fake one it's super cute and soft and came super early
My son loves Mario great addition to his collection
Adorable  *I purchased this from ebay* The retail price on the plush states that it's 16.95 from the Disney Parks. I think this plush was said to be 9 inches (about the size of a milk jug) It has some really cute details such as the diploma, the hat, and his gown. It's just a really well put together plush that is super adorable! Really glad I purchased this
This is a great stuffed animal.  My daughter loves carrying it around!
Perfect!  Perfect!
cute as a button and high quality.. recommend
Love it, sweet!
Awesome  Best little tonberry you could have. Got here quick and no need to refuel is lantern or sharpen his knife.
Goofy doll  This is a super cute Goofy doll. And it has held up to my daughter playing hard with it every day. We love it.
My grand daughter was soooo happy to get him for Christmas  Searched everywhere for Winnie the Pooh Plush Toy Owl 13".  My grand daughter was soooo happy to get him for Christmas.
For the love of LLAMA  My son is in love with llama llama books.  I am not a fan of stuffed animals, but went ahead and bought this for him anyway.  It is perfect size and the quality is good.  It was a little expensive for what you get, but I truly am satisfied!
Cute Elmo...wasn't for my 2.5 year old and they loved it!  Looks really cute, Elmo talks and sings and my 2.5 year old spotted him instantly in my home...although I purchased this as a gift.  She approved.
We love her
Like many children his age  Like many children his age, my 6 year old son adores the creepy Five Nights at Freddy's videos.  I saw this gift and thought it would be perfect since he also has a love for stuffed animals. This gift was perfect. He literally squealed when he first saw it out of the wrapping paper. If you're contemplating buying this for a child who loves these videos, i would highly recommend it.
awesome  granddaughter loved this
Nice quality
My daughter loves this toy- it's really soft and makes my three year old crack up. : )
Cute and adorable! My daughter loves cuddling with her
Good quality!
It plays the whole first verse which is the part she is always signing so worked great!  My daughter loves this song. It plays the whole first verse which is the part she is always signing so worked great!
Great product for baby  Great product for baby. The plush does not pull off like other imitation versions, so baby won't get the lint in his mouth. My baby loves his Elmo.
I love my little jawa  I love my little jawa! He's nicely detailed and cuddly, and a decent price as well! Most of the other jawa plushies available are more cartoonish in design, so I like that this one actually looks like they do in the movie. I only wish his legs weren't so stiff, so I could sit him down. He doesn't stand on his own so I need to lean him against something in order to display him, but that's a really minor complaint.
My daughter loves the grinch so I was pleased to find this little guy  My daughter loves the grinch so I was pleased to find this little guy! He is so cute, soft and cuddly. He is the prefect size for her to carry around and pretty durable. She is three so she carries him around by his hat lol Cute little guy for a good price. Me and my little girl are pleased with this purchase.
My grandson loves his Buckle toy.  My grandson loves his Buckle toy.  My daughter says he plays with it a lot.  We are happy with our purchase.
Wonderful  doll  Hard to find doll of Mickey.  Our Granddaughter loves this doll. Carries it with her everywhere.  It is just the right size, soft and cuddley.
Well made.. My Girlfriend Loves them!  Well made .. My Girlfriend Loves them!
Nice  My daughter loves it.  Got it as a gag gift and it's really nice quality.
This was perfect for our Operation Christmas Child shoe boxes!
Love the Alpacas  Love the Alpacas, very cute, love them sooooooo much.  The best!  Get them!  I am an Alpaca lover.  The shipping was okay, faster than most product though.
My son absolutely loves his giraffe!  It's very soft and has held up so far-been in the wash several times already. I wish I had one for my older daughter.
I like them  My kid was enchanted with these. He even gave them all haircuts.
Vaporeon!!!  It's like a baby vaporeon!!!!I wish I could have it but I don't have a bunch of money .  .   .
... present so he hasn't been used but he is adorable looking.  This is a Christmas present so he hasn't been used but he is adorable looking.
Arrived quickly. Just as expected (adorable).
Great for Cats, Too!  I bought this brush for my long-haired cat and it works great. My vet suggested this type of long-toothed, sturdy-handled brush for my Maine Coon Mix, and after much searching at the local pet shops, I finally found this available on Amazon. I would highly recommend this for any long-haired cat owners looking for a heavy-duty brush that will actually comb and remove all that extra fur!
Got it for my sister's birthday, and she loves it. It also arrived much earlier than I thought it would. Thank you!
I loved it.  Very small and cute! I loved it.
Just what she wanted
For Schnauzer lovers  For Schnauzer lovers
soft and nice to touch. Good for a baby/toddler.
Highly recommended  I highly recommend this toy. It is very high quality. I bought it for my dog and he loves it.
This was a great value for the set  This was a great value for the set.  Much less than in stores.  My daughter, who loves Mine Craft - loved these.
Baby Girl's Fave Nighlight!  This is the perfect bedtime accessory for my 16 month baby girl that likes to fight her sleep.  I love that it has an auto shut off so that the batteries don't run out quickly.
LOVE my evil minion  so happy to find one of these silly things online, &  a one eye no less.. absolutely adore it... recieved it almost 2 week prior to thought time & great price  thank you so much always a pleasure
Well constructed and soft  My son loved the movie Gremlins, but the other toy I found had hard ears, and was just not as nice as I had hoped.  So I picked up this one to replace it.  Looks fine, well made, very soft.  Good stitching, and nothing on here that makes me thing it's going to split open or anything like some of the cheaper plushes out there.  For the price, a good toy for fans of the movie.
Happiness  My little girl loved this.
AWESOME DISNEY NEMO  My son LOVES his Nemo. Authentic disney plush toy, for a GREAT price. He even has the gip fin just like nemo in the movie
Perfect present to give to a super fan =D
This was a hit for our daughter!  We purchased this item online about a year after our daughter lost this item (accidentally) in a yard sale.  She was devastated and has talked about that kitty nearly every week since then!  I purposed then to find her another one.  It wasn't until recently that I looked online at Amazon and on my first search found the exact kitten.  Praise the Lord!  Now all of us are happy!!!
Haven't found one yet that  Haven't  found one yet that talks
very soft, and nice size for 19-month old  This Elmo is super soft, and a little floppy - perfect for little hands.  As others have noted, the mouth is just a solid piece of black fabric, slightly recessed, but that does not bother my 19-month old at all. The size is perfect for our toddler - not too big and not too small - just perfect for holding and hugging, and fits easily in a medium to large diaper bag while still having plenty of room for the cloth diapers and change of clothes that we normally carry.  The quality seems good, though we have only had it since Christmas eve, so it has not had to withstand much abuse.  If I notice a lack of quality, I will update this review.
great product  Great product. My nephew loves his Mr grouper
so beautiful  love it . so beautiful this plush. very pretty she is. love this toy. kids are very happy. very very nice toy.
Very cute plush!  I ordered this for my daughter's Easter basket (2017), it's a quality, well sewn, and just the right size!!
Good quality stuffy!  Well made, embroidered features, little girl loves them :)  Nothing like a carnival game stuffy! Recommended purchase for your bubble guppy lover!!
Item came sooner than expected (it does take a little longer due to it being shipped from over seas). It was true to size and of good quality. My son was very happy with this item.
High quality Elmo!  I got this for my two year old son after he watched a few month of sesame street and grew to like Elmo a lot. It is a well-made product that looks like the real Elmo.
We were very happy to receive our product two weeks early. Quality was exactly what was expected.
Just perfect!!!!!
My son is in love! This is one of his favorite characters and it's bigger then I thought it was going to be.
Loved it
So plush and pretty!  I am so excited!! I have received this gem in the mail! This is Maryam, from little Maysoor! What a beautiful and plush hijabi doll! I picked this one in particular, because my daughter loves anything pink! She has her own pink hijab she likes to wear around, so I thought Maryam would be so perfect for her! She is 2  years old, and loves plush dolls! This doll is about 15 inches tall, so she is big enough for cuddling! I love the little blue flower on her hijab as well! Her hijab is also part of her! It is not removable, and I love that, because I don't have to worry about it being lost. It is hard to find toys for little Muslims because there are really no good options for dolls and things that look like them, or their mommies. Until now! This would be good for any little girl of any age! They also have Ruqayyah, who wears blue and has glasses, and Zakariyyah, so the boys are not left out of the fun! I think these are absolutely beautiful! They are very well made too! I love the quality of these! I think Maryam will hold up well in my home with three little ones! The shipping was very fast! It came before expected! Always a plus! I actually have no cons to list for this one! This has made my little girl and me very happy! There is something so heartwarming about seeing her cuddling with a little hijabi doll! Although I was given this doll at a discounted price to review, the review is completely honest. I really do love this doll as much as my daughter does!
Amazing!  Very detailed and adorable! The plush looks exactly like Akamaru~ <3
Totally Cool!  This product is now my kids sleeping toy. I really appreciate the shipping it so fast, the picture does no justice to it. It is really a great product.
my grandson liked it,
This toy is cool,the girl I got it for wouldn't put it down for two days.
I love it  This is a amazing product. It is the perfect size to hug. So cute. Came really fast. Nothing bad to say.
BEST GRAY OWL TOY EVER!!  This is a great gift, very chubby and very cute.. Contrary to the other review, this is a Eurasian Gray Owl, not a Snowy Owl, obviously.  This item comes EXACTLY as pictured. HIGHLY recommend this amazing gift!!
Useful to have extra.
Daughter loves his rabbit.  Daughter loves this rabbit. Soft and cuddly. Not weird looking like he other version. Just the right size. Enough said.
<3<3<3<3<3
It a cute small plush animal.  It's exactly what I expected.
Cute, litte squirrel  This squirrel is kind of smaller than I thought it would be--I guess it is six inches tall, but i didn't measure it.  It is quite cute.  This one sneaked into a teacher's room after she thought she had moved away from the squirrel that used to get into her classroom ceiling! So, the size was not terribly important to me, but if it were for a child, I would get a larger one.
Perfect  Everything great as described!
Two months after purchase, used daily and still looks brand new  The grandchildren love this toy!  I have twin 20 month old grandchildren and we read "Llama Llama Nighty Night".  I also bought "Llama Llama Mad at Mama" because I thought the front cover drawing was a hoot.  I gifted this and our little boy claimed it immediately as his own.  This toy is very easy for a child to carry and is a fun one to have while reading the books.  I may need to purchase a 2nd one at some point because our little boy has decided not to share with sister!  An update - Two months down the road, this toy continues to be a favorite. My grandson hauls around two toys all the time, this one and a stuffed Mickey.  Both are favorites. This toy is very easy for him to carry and grab and he certainly knows where he's left it every time we read one of the Llama stories.  He likes to hold the toy while I read the Llama stories, which are also really fun books to compliment the toy. Holds up well too.  Looks just as good as the day it came out of the package.  We're very happy with the purchase.
perfect size for my toddler he loves it!  quality is great too
Mini Tweeerman  The mini tweezerman is absoletely perfect size, that you can easly keep it in your purse, for those unexpected moments that we all have. Its strong and it holds on and pull just the hair you want. Even if its a single strand. The best tweezer I ever bought and I recommand this to everyone. JP NY
Educational Playtime with Cody the Smart Cub!  My 2 year old recently received VTech's Cody the Smart Cub, and boy did I wish he had this fun toy as an infant too. Cody is perfect for babies, but also great for toddlers/preschoolers.  I really like that he comes with so many songs, stores, and lessons to keep my child entertained. What is even more cool is that Cody comes with a mini USB cable, so you can plug him into your computer and download straight into the toy even more activities and tunes from the VTech learning lab. I like that I had options to personalize Cody to know my son's name, as well as add in details about his favorite holidays (Halloween!) and songs.  Cody also comes with an internal clock, so the toy automatically knows when it is time to get up, for dinner, and to go to bed. One activity my son enjoys is that Cody will play a nice soothing lullaby at night time as my son drifts to sleep. The bear is super light weight, but still very cuddly and snuggly for kids to sleep with.  Overall I was super happy with how interactive Cody is with my toddler and the variety of activity options. My son really enjoys giving Cody high-fives!! So high-five to VTech on an awesome educational toy!  I was provided a sample to review by VTech.
Mario  This toy seems to be high quality made with quality materials.  I looks just like Mario from the game.  My son really likes this toy.
excellent product, good price, I recommend
Cute
Really nice, exactly as shown. Fast shipping and really great buy
Not only is this a really cute toy but it's made to last  Super cute! We got this for my son's third birthday and he's had it for just over two years now and it has held up beautifully. He's not gentile on toys so the fact that it's lasted this long says a lot about how well it was made. Highly recommended, especially for kids who tend to play rough because this thing is going to last a lot longer then a week.
My son takes it absolutely everywhere!
Super cute, and nice size
My kid was very happy.  My  kid was very happy.
AWWW!  Really just the cutest little goat!
Yeah Mickey.  Bought this for my grandson who turned 2. He loved it!  Soft enough for loving but keeps his shape for sitting in chair or bed.
great quality
This doll is so adorable my granddaughters going to love her!
Ludwig is my favorite koopaling in te series  Hey, this is a FIVE STAR RATING. Ludwig is my favorite koopaling in te series. Omg, ever since this delivered EARLY, everything just looks perfect. I mean, for real. The plush is highly detailed and is like awesome.  If you want to purchase this to a little child or baby, do it to your own disrection. The teeth, hand cuffs, and wand can be taken off and eaten by young kids.  Overall, 10 STAR PLUSH. If you haven't bought it yet, I would reccomend you buy it. Next I will get the youngest, silliest Lemmy Koopa.
Forgot to pick up a doll while I was in Ireland--so this was the next best thing. Love it--small enough for little hands--soft and looking oh so Irish!
Great plush  I ordered this for a friend and I almost wanted to keep it for myself. It is very cool and durable and I'd definitely recommend it
Same authentic, jumbo Stitch from the Disney Parks; our 7 y/o loves it  Exactly the same jumbo Stitch plush we have always wanted to buy at Mickey's Star Traders at Magic Kingdom, but never have since he'd basically need his own seat on the flight home. Arrived quickly and in perfect condition, and was [quite literally] a huge hit with our daughter on Christmas.
This is intellectual Hello Kitty!  Loved it!  Classic Hello Kitty beanie baby, but the glasses made her look dorky, intellectual and adorable!  I wear glasses so it makes us look chic! Fast shipping too.
A three year old is very happy  I got this for my grand baby and she loves it! Such a great deal. I saw a smaller one at the D Store and it was ridiculously priced. I knew I'd find it here on Amazon.
Looks good
100%+
Well made and very soft! Thank you so much!
My son loves it and it's his constant companion besides his own brothers.
She loved it.  This was purchased as a gift.  She loved it.
Got this toy for my 2 yr old grandson he loves it....
Cute and sturdy  Cute and colorful. My 6yr old likes these a lot. They seem well made and he plays with them often with no busted seams.
Super cute. Looks like a real pug! Perfect!
Great  This is a great plush! I really wish Banpresto released more affordable Lucario plushes like this. I really want to support Pokemon by getting stuff like this, but I'm worried this might not be going exactly to the creators. All I can do is sit back and hope I'm supporting what I like. For those of you who don't care about that, this is a great buy nonetheless. The only problem I saw is that Lucario is a dark blue in the picture, and he's a light baby blue in mine. Great condition and shipped fast!
I LOVE THIS TOY  I LOVE THIS TOY ..ITS UNFORTUNATE HE IS DISCONTINUED ! I want to buy him for all my friends with babies ! ( I did purchase lady boss as well for a friend who had a daughter )
I bought this for my little guy. He absolutely loves it.  The plush is fully stuffed and sewn well.  If it can withhold the handling of a child, it is well made.
Just wanted the bigger doll
Loved it
One of the best favorite toy my kid likes  One of the best favorite toy my kid likes.  Smile for several days saying "I re like this toy."
great  I bought for my grandson, he loved it. It was just what he wanted. It came in a timely manner, which is good as my grandson is only 6 and he was waiting for it.
Hurray for Hei Hei!  I ordered two Hei Hei, one for myself and one as a gift.  Good quality and super adorable.  I'm happy with the purchase and the gift recipient was pleased.
This is the absolute cutest stuffed animal I have ever seen.
Excellent!
Good buy  Cute, it makes the game sounds, really fast shipping too
Happy little boy. Great!
Cute and cuddly!  My four year old daughter loves Fuli and was very sad when this plush was nowhere to be found in Disney World. So, she was super excited to see her when we got home. This is very well made and has been well loved. She's super cute and cuddly. She is so cute in fact, we ended up getting Kion to go with her.
GOOD  NEPHEW LOVES IT
Our happy pills were received in a time  Our happy pills were received in a time;y fashion and new condition.  My Bernese Mountain dog is extremely pleased as these are his toy of choice.  I will order from this  supplier again because I love their follow up email !
Very nice!
Sparkly Snake  I bought this cute sparkly plush snake for my grand daughter who wears it like a mink stole! She love it. It is well made and very cute.
it looks good.  I wish this was as small as my Buzzy Beetle (it's probably 1.5 times bigger), but I don't think there is a US-distribution version yet (according to the importer).  That said, it looks good.
I love it
3 year old loves it  My son and daughter both love all these boys.  Good quality.  I like the size of them.  Magnet part is neat.
The pruner's a MUST  These Gerber tools are a great inexpensive Hunters-Must-Have. Most hunters have the saw, but the ratcheting pruner is great for smaller branches. It clears them quickly.
My Nieces favorite toy for almost an entire year. It was very unexpected but she loves it.
awesome
just like the cartoon  She loves it, just like the cartoon.
Great stuffed baby jack skellington  Love it. Bought it for my granddaughter.  She loves it. Plushy and soft. Good size for baby or child
Great aunt loves it
it was a great hit with the granddaughter.
Bright and pretty, holds up well to lots of washing! I get lots of compliments on it
A very cute doll that snores and sings beautifully. I highly recommend it and it has a great price point, very soft, not too big and my kid loves it.
My grandson loved it
Awesome and Loved  This was a present for Christmas for my son and he absolutely loves it! The plush is both very high quality and detailed. I highly recommend this official version over the cheaper imitations you can find elsewhere!
Super large and soft. Great buy.
Perfect!  My son loves Mario so we decided to get him all the dolls in the set for him.  He has a couple and absolutely loves playing with them.  They are made of an excellent quality material and will hold up to some good heavy play.  I highly recommend them!
awesome  it is exactly like shown in the picture so cute perfect for a pokemon lover
Items arrived in good condition. Thank you.
Thanks Amazon!  Took my granddaughter to Disney World and we looked everywhere for a Piglet.  None to be found.  Amazon saved the day, and she loves this little toy!  It is very soft, looks just like Piglet and is now part of her bedtime must have!
So cute!  It's super cute and the perfect size and for any collection!
The most true to form of all this series of muppet toys  We have several of this series, and Walter is the best. He is more like the actual muppet than some of the others in the series, and his facial expression is just hilarious. My daughter loves him more than any of the other muppets (although Animal rates pretty high up there). Good quality and no weird parts or cheap components.
My nephew loves Godzilla. His eyes lit up when I gave him this for his birthday. It big, soft and well made.
Cute  My daughter LOVES this.  She is a huge fan of Black Butler and there aren't many things available.  Thank you for offering this for sale.
Love her!  I love her! She is my best friend!
On our purchase we are so very pleased  Thank you we were both very pleased on the quality we will be buying more from you for our grandsons birthdays and Christmas again thank you Bob & Pat Enrico
love it  My sons new favorite toy, it's travel size very colorful and soft.
Kid loves it.  I brought this for a friend's son 6th birthday. He loves it and now sleeps with it. I would buy this line again.
Great Toys for Dogs  I give these to my dogs to fetch in the house.  But they are definitely not chew toys.
My dogs favorite  5 stars! My dogs favorite toy
living in the forest trees.... for a very very very long time  my son LOVES totoro.  he is 3.  this is perfect for him.  it's a little small (all the totoro plush toys seem to be on the small side for their price) but it's a great replica of the characters.  To-to-RO, To-TO-ro...
It made my granddaughter so happy and the quality was great
Uppy has ear wings  The color of Uppy is an intense pink/rose...very nice color. Wish I had ear wings. Just think of the sounds you could hear and then fly off to follow them.
Daughter loves it  This was a gift to my daughter and she loves it.  The voice is the original from the movie and it is very soft and cuddly.
Great toy for  Thought it would be mine but my labradoodle thinks it is her baby. Great toy for her
Well appreciated by 8 year old.
Smaller than you would think but adorable. The weighted companion cube does not talk  The cake might be a lie, but this is too cute. Smaller than you would think but adorable. The weighted companion cube does not talk, if it does ignore it. You must be malfunctioning.
Kids love it.  Seller was awesome on communication!!! The plush was perfect. So cute. We gave it to our son after his winter performance at school instead of real flowers. He loved it. And so did the other kiddos.
Gift  This was a gift for my 5 year old cousin.  He loves the Mario plush toys and was very satisfied with this plush toy.
ADORABLE! my son wants a corgi very  ADORABLE!  my son wants a corgi very, very much... we got him this to tide him over until we can get the real thing. It's so cute and he's pleased as can be with it!
I LOVE IT
LOVE HIM!  Cutest little guy ever!
These little mermaids are adorable too!  Purchased several of these little mermaids here thru AMAZON for an ocean-beach themed project. They are very cute, sparkly, friendly and added so much to the overall completed design! Children loved seeing them nestled among the sand, seashells & more too!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
This is a perfect size for my two year old daughter. She loves it!
Awesome.
At first I was like :S but then I was like :D  I was skeptical since there were no reviews on the item or anything to go by. But, I just received it, I gave it a good look over and I'm impressed. I really think my nephew will dig this and I am pretty sure it'll survive the onslaught of a 2 year old!
My grandson loved it. He is 29 months and Wall-E is his favorite movie. My daughter sent a video of him opening it...priceless!!! The size was perfect. So pleased.
Very nice
Perfect chewie  My granddaughter who is 2 lives it.  Her father is showing her Star Wars trailors already
son loves it  My 6 year old son added this one to his collection and has loved it since day one. He plays with it nearly every day and it has not fallen apart any where.
Perfect size for a kids zipper pull on a backpack would be a little big for. A normal key chain but my son loves it on his bacpack
The mighty Laboon  Well he is just a great plush. He feels great, the patch on his head good, and it can be hanged if you want. The only downside i saw was the eyes and the mouth. It just looks a bit weird to me but oh well. Still a great plush.
My son just loves his Jack skellington.  This toy is well made, and of very high quality.
Very cute and fast delivery
As described  My son loves this.
If you love Animal crossing than I recommend buying this  This plush is small and soft and definitely worth it for the 23 dollar price. If you love Animal crossing than I recommend buying this.
Granddaughter who at age 8 is deeply and seriously into this game stuff, LOVES her Okami plush toy. She takes it everywhere.
The cutest Tip ever!  I wish I could rate this higher! Any kid who loves HOME will love this toy!
Love it
Perfect gift  Great purchase
Okamiden plush  My child absolutely loves this Okami toy. It is soft and perfectly plush! The product has a great quality to it.
THIS IS AWESOME! YOUR KID WILL LOVE IT!!!  I read almost all the reviews online about any Elmo stuffed animal and this is by for the best. My son is about 18months and absolutly loved this stuffed Elmo. The red fiber sheds a little but its not terrible. THE EYES ARE STUFFED NOT GLASS/PLASTIC. This is great becasue my son can play a little rough sometimes that have caused other toy eyes to break into a million pieces but this Elmo can handle it. Stiching lasts around the joints and I have not washed it yet but I'm sure using a light detergent would be fine.
Lucy loves it!  Dog loves squeaky toys and holidays!
More bang for your buck  OK to start off here's some quick answers for those wondering in all their reviews:  1 - It CAN be turned off. Pull & hold the tail for about 5 seconds. Furby will yawn & go to sleep, & stay that way until shaken or the tail pulled again. Other Furbys won't wake it.  2 - Yes, only Booms will work with the Boom app. However quite a few sections of the old (2012) app will work with Boom as well, adding quite a bit more fun to the Boom  3 - It IS easy to 'set' what personality you want. Repeatedly feed for the "foodie" (I call him fat Furby). Repeatedly turn upside down for evil, swing from one foot for hyper, play lots of music for diva, & repeatedly tickle to change to the last personality. It takes about a minute or so doing the action to get it to change.  4 - For those "adults" that get annoyed with Furbish, my 12 yr old learned what their words mean in one day. A 12 yr old. There's some translations on the fold-out that came with Boom, & both apps have dictionaries/translators. Boom will also 'learn' more English the more you play with it. My kids have had there's since early September & they speak more English than Furbish.  5 - When you need to change batteries push the small 'reset' button for 2 seconds before closing it up. This will make sure all sensors work properly. It will not reset its personality or the progress it made towards speaking English or remembering other Furbys.  Hope this helps you or your children get the most enjoyment out of a great toy!  We own a peacock, black/pink triangle, & black/white zigzag Booms
Good product!!!
BEST PLUSH TIGER EVER!!!  ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE & PERFECT!  This is the cutest Tiger I've ever seen.  It's incredibly soft and super cuddly!  Perfect size too.  My 3 year old takes him everywhere!  He's so easy to clean as well and he's easily movable to place it differently t positions, like sitting down or lying down.  My daughter holds him tight all night.  He's her baby
Love my Winnie!  I just bought it for myself because I saw it (read "him") in a disney store and it looked so adorable! Had been in the back of my mind to purchase it, and so I did. It's just as adorable as I had pictured it and looks exactly as advertised. I had been really skeptical about that, since some toys tend to look a different from what the seller claims, and that can take away from the joy of having one. But this one is awesome - with the perfect shades and a perfectly happy expression - and is going to stay with me for a long time. :)
My 6 year old grandson loves it!
Adorable and shipped faster than it said
great
my little one loves these plush toys
Very fast shipping and a awesome plush!
It's great
Takes a while, but it's great!  I ordered this at the beginning of December with the hope that maybe it would arrive before Christmas, based on other reviewers who said shipping was very fast.  It did not arrive until New Year's Eve, but it was a very exciting day in our household!  This is a very large, quality plush, and it is a great addition to the others in the set.
Great Buy  I couldn't help myself this guy was so cute I had to get him. It is a great plush!
Too cute!  Ordered the entire series of Angry Birds "Star Wars" for my grandson. He is crazy about them, and he has them in tow at all times. They are so cute. My favorite is Leia. Only wish they would come out with R2 and C3PO. My transaction was smooth and trouble-free.
so cute and soft!!  They came faster than they said they would and they are bigger than I expected them to be. I'm very happy with them and my son will love them for his birthday!! Also I received an email because the seller heard the weather in the US was bad and they wanted to make sure I got my order and I really liked that and appreciated it
Loved it...
good
Very soft!
REALLY nice size! This is about twice the size of the Bandai plushes- TOTALLY worth it!
The kiddos love these buckle items  The kiddos love these buckle items.  I do think they are a bit over priced but they make the kids happy while working their small motor skills and keep them entertained for long periods of time.
cute giraffe!!  This giraffe is so adorable. my baby absolutely loves it. Bought this almost a year ago and it still looks brand new, despite her playing with it everyday.
So cute!  He's so cute and tubby! His nose holes are a little lopsided but I think it gives him character. His wings are attached right! Feels soft and well made.
Well loved!  Nephew loved it!
fun for the kids  great doll my daughter loves it fast shipping!
Very soft and artistically made.. Awesome
My grandson loves this Pete the Cat doll.  He naps with this one. Nothing comes off the doll no matter how hard he pulls at it.  I also purchased the Groovy Buttons plush doll.
Adorable little toy, comes exactly as shown. Definitely worth buying.
2 thumbs up
If you don't have one, you should really consider it for your baby  This was a spontaneous buy and turned out to be one of the greatest purchases yet. My 10 Month old loves watching elmo and this doll is the perfect size for her to hug and snuggle with. She can't be seen without it now, she wants it with her in her stroller when we go out for a walk and in her car seat when we go out for a ride. Worth the purchase.
GREAT PURCHASE  I purchased three sets of these bricks for my daughter when she was 2.  She is now 5, and still plays with them.  They are great for fostering imagination.  She likes to lay them out and create the boundaries for a "house" or a "store".  Sometimes, they are the fence around a farm and all her animals go inside.  Sometimes we just stack them as high as we can and have fun knocking them down.  The bricks are surprisingly durable considering they are made of cardboard.  My daughter weighs 42 lbs now and they are still supporting her weight (though I don't think they were meant to do so).
yes it's small but read the dimensions! I am excited to give my daughter this for Christmas!
Love him!
Our Granddaughter loves Olaf, but I had read that many customers had difficulties with the toy operating. We did too, in the beginning, but realized that we had mixed battery types. If your Olaf doesn't work, make sure all the batteries in Olaf are the same; be sure not to mix Alkaline with other types. After changing out the batteries to all the same type, Olaf danced across the floor. :-)
Far exceeded expectations  Even better in person!!!
I gave this to my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it. Hetalia fans will enjoy this immensely.
niece loved it so cute. made well
Our Granddaughter loves it!
Item exactly as described.  Thank you!
Great plushes.  My little guy will not go anywhere without them.  Very cool and hard to come by these days.
really cute.  really cute.
barney 2  This was a grwat purchase.  After I purchased the trio, I decided to buy a single barney because my house has 2 flo7rs and my grandson's bedroom is upstairs where all of his toys are.  So the additional barney is for the first floir where he also watches barney.  Ilove to hear him sing along w7th barney.  The tune is a catchy tune.
Cute Giraffe, well made  Very cute stuffed giraffe toy. Seems well made with good detail.  My niece is going to love it!
cute and it looks just like the picture
Just what I wanted it to be  Asked my daughter for the review, so from a 9 year olds lips: "I love it, its nice and soft and fluffy and well made." Received it quickly and made a wonderful gift.
granddaughter collects zebras  this was the best looking zebra for the price, believe me,i've been looking for the perfect one.  it is so very soft and cuddley..  i would recommend  this wildlife zebra to everyone who is looking for the perfect one for anyone.  she just loves her's
Adorable  I bought this for my boss' newborn daughter (child #3)..When I opened the package I thought it was adorable and definitely fit with the theme of the book and the book onesie I had bought.  Well both him and his wife have told me several times since receiving the gift that they LOVE it and the baby has been attached to it ever since.  Adorable gift, and highly useful.
AWESOME  LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS--
A Hit  These are favorites of my young grandsons.  Any Uglydoll brings a smile to their faces.  This one was requested and got rave reviews from the kids.
Soft and plush!  My granddaughter loved getting a new Pooh (her smaller one fell out of the stroller...). Large 13" size is just right for a 2 year old. Works great with the companion Roo I bought her.
Reasonably realistic with a nice call.
Great quality
Pokemon Enthusiast will like  My son was thrilled to get this.  It is a medium size toy not small like Beanie Baby type toy.  It is cool on the Pokmon scale (so I hear) but as a Mom, I have to admit, it looks cool.  Any Pokmon enthusiast will like this fossil Pokmon toy. :)
Jedi Mickey is Adorable with the force.  I love this.  it is so adorable making Mickey into a Jedi Master.  His light saber lights up and he has a Mickey Voice Chip that says a few Star Wars type messages when you press his belly.  Jedi Mickey is soft but his light saber he is holding is hard...due to the light fixture inside it that is covered over with a blue piece of material.
it was super cute! Its a nice purchase for all the goomy lovers.
So cute!  I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves it so much! It was so cute, I was tempted to steal it from him :).
SO CUTE
Great item and super fast shipping, thanks.
Perfect gift for minon fans
Granddaughter loved it!  Such a cute doll.  The glow is just right and it moves around a little.  Granddaughter loved it!
Exactly what I wanted.  I bought this for my granddaughter's second birthday. She had just discovered Elmo and was in love. He was exactly what I wanted for her. He's big enough to hug and carry around, but not too big. He now lives in her crib and must be there before she'll nap or go to sleep at night. He's not her favorite but I didn't intend for him to replace her "duck-duck."
Perfect for a cross cross country road trip or a flight.
My wife loved it.
Great
Bought for great-grandbabies for Christmas and they love it.
Wow! This stuffed animal was so much bigger than expected! My son loves him !!
Very cute puppet!  If you love the show Archer and your a Pam fan, you gotta get this puppet. He is so cute and soft.
Grandson loves it!  Grandson watches "Courage the Cowardly Dog" cartoon. We thought he would love to have his own "Courage", so purchased this for him. He loves it!
Adorbs  We got lucky and got the correct cute bulby. And some sweet a$$ old school Tom and Jerry stickers from the seller!
Great toy  Great she loves it made well Thank you
Beautiful quality!
perfect baby shower gift she loved it!
Love it  My daughter loves it, good quality great product
Great deal  Worth the wait it took a bit long but it is really cute. My daughter loves it..
Perfect!
Luigi Time!  My 3 year old son has a crazy obsession with Mario and Luigi. He has yet to put this toy down since Christmas even with him being rough on toys this still has no rips tears or flaws.
Love it. I've given it along with the Baby Beluga board book many times as a new baby gift. It is always well received!
The kids love the toy fruit. They play with it for hours.
Great Evee  We ordered one for my daughter's friend as a birthday gift. My daughter loved it so much that she spent her own money on one for herself. Her friend is thrilled with her gift. Everyone's happy!
My 2 year old and 6 year old love it.  Products was exactly what I expected. Well made. Arrived promptly. My 2 year old and 6 year old love it.
Both came in excellent condition and look exactly as the stock image describes  I ordered both Primal Kyogre and Primal Groudon at the same time. Both came in excellent condition and look exactly as the stock image describes. I was very anxious to receive them in the mail, but was relieved once I opened the package to see Kyogre looking amazing. The stitching is beautiful and neither Kyogre nor Groudon have any damages on them whatsoever. I absolutely love the fabric on Kyogre. It's so soft! Thank you again. (:
Awesome gift idea!  I bought this for my girlfriend which is really into Star Wars and she thought it was such a cut gift!! She really loved it!! Plus, the 9" size is better than the 4" because you can change it's batteries when they're out!
Gave as a gift.
Awesome!  It was just what I expected :)
Perfect for my Disgust obsessed daughter  Exactly as shown. Perfect for my Disgust obsessed daughter.
Great collector item  Great collector item but not as a toy for a child. Small size is not appealing for children.
My son loves the Chu books so he loves his Chu toy :) Thank you!
My girls love Frozen, so they were excited to receive these  My girls love Frozen, so they were excited to receive these. These dolls are soft and good to snuggle at bedtime. They're a good quality, and I definitely recommend these for your Elsa and Anna fans!
My daughter loved them. They were great stocking stuffers  Cute, they aren't very big, so notice the measurements, but very unique and cute! Can't find in a big box store! My daughter loved them. They were great stocking stuffers!
It's really nice and cute my niece would love to play with it!
My 9 year old loves imaginative play with this doll and her other mermaid doll from the same line.
We love Squishy!  This doll is adorable. He looks just like the movie character. My grandchild loves him.
Great VTech Toy  My daughter loved Cora The Smart Cub from the moment she placed her hands on her. Cora is very soft to the touch and easily cuddled. The personalization feature of Cora is brilliant. What child doesn't want to hear their loved toy speaking their name. Mine sure does. Not only is the personalization fun, it was also easy. From start to finish the personalization on VTech's Learning Lodge (which included downloading software) took about 20 minutes. I read reviews saying people were having difficulties connecting the USB cord but I did not have any issues. I just made sure the cable was fully inserted. Cora now knows my daughter's favorite foods, toys, colors and songs.  Even though my daughter is a the top of the suggested age recommendation (36 months), she loves Cora The Smart Cub and hasn't stopped playing with her. I truly wish we would have had this for my daughter a year or two ago. It really is a nice toy and I would recommend it to all of my friends and family.  Cora The Smart Cub was provided to me by VTech for the purpose of a review, all opinions are 100% mine.
Hard to find but was worth the effort!
love them.
Great gift for a 5 year old
MY GRANDDAUGHTER LOVED IT
Toothless rules!  Awww I love my Toothless plush.  It is well made and so cute.  I've had him for a long time now and he still looks great!  I just have to keep convincing my chihuahua that he is NOT hers!!  This is a great plush for HTTYD fans of all ages!
Part of the Mario Family and it's Great!  My granddaughter loved this as part of her birthday present.  It goes with many of their other Mario "family".  Great buy!
One Happy Boy  I bought the Paw Patrol 4pcs Character plush for my grandson for his birthday.  He loves them and takes them everywhere.  Very happy with purchase.
It's exactly what I wanted
Cute, fun and "spooky"  For the Disney, Nightmare Before Christmas or doll fan.
It was cute and my girlfriend loved it as a  it arrived on time. It was cute and my girlfriend loved it as a gift
Loved the Disney Frozen Talkin' Olaf  This item was so difficult to find in stores and I am so glad that Amazon carried it.  It was in amazing shape, packaged appropriately and was a gift for my niece.  She loved it!  He really made a 4 year old very happy!!
Bamboo shelf  Perfect item. Nicely made. Looks great. If you have a Bamboo style decor, buy this. Don't know what else to say
Got 2, love them  Adorable!
Such a soft Elmo and love the large size  Such a soft Elmo and love the large size. My toddler received him as a present when her baby sister arrived as a gift from the baby. She was so excited. We like that he doesn't talk or sing.
Awesome pokemon plush but  Incredible plush my son loves it and its a perfect carry around size!  But after a i ordered it i went on sale in the Nintendo World Store for half the price but still it was worth it this Greninja plush is awesome! This is just as described and actually got here quicker than i thought!
Love, love, love this seat.  Looks great, cleans like a breeze.  Would buy again when needed.
Really big toy!  Great quality, bigger than i expected, and most importantly i got it for an insane price of 9.60$! only problems that i faced was that its ears aren't standing up like the pictures, also took a lot of time to get to me. other than that it's great. Love it!
It looks pretty real for sure  Bigger than I expected for some reason, but my wife loves it. It looks pretty real for sure.
Lambie Security Blanket  I purchased the Lamb Security Blanket as part of a baptism gift. It really looks adorable and came in a gift box for easy wrapping. I hope the baby loves it!
Niece love the doll  My niece wanted a pillow princess and I got her this instead and she loves it. She does sleep with it since is so soft. I am happy with product.
good quality my grandson loves him
Wonderful! Thank you!
Purchased for my granddaughter.  She loves it.
Super cute!  Super cute and super squishy! Baby will love it!
My son was thrilled to receive this for his birthday!
I am so glad I found these rug pads. I love them!
Cool and unique plush toys that are well made.  My daughter loves the Crossy Road plush toys,  And yes, Lucky the cat is supposed to have only 3 legs.  :)
It looks great it is huge and the gift wrapping is awesome  Bought this as a gift for my nephew. It looks great it is huge and the gift wrapping is awesome, it is definitely worth $3.50 to have Amazon gift wrap this for you. It comes in a huge bag that is reusable
Great  My 3 yr old loves it! Perfect cuddle and carrying size!
Very cute.  Good quality, good face, well done.
Amazing!  It's very easy to set up. The sound is great and fills the entire backyard and the backyard of my neighbors!  You can "broadcast" easily from an iPod or another audio source (DVD, stereo, tv) with mini jack.  I have 2 of these in my backyard to mask traffic noise that run off of one source. I actually had a problem with one of them when I purchased it and their customer service was excellent.  They paid for UPS pick up and shipped me out a new one right away.  I highly recommend.
Grandson is loving his Godzooky ........  Carson said he wanted a soft, green dino named Godzooky.......who knew what that was.  So I went to Amazon and there he was.......Granny scored a big 10 with this one.
DJ Lance is...AWESOME!  This will be a favorite for any Yo Gabba fan.  Very cute.  Nice quality.  Exactly as pictured.  I would definitely buy this again.
Yay for Elmo!  Love this little plush toy for my little one. He's soft, a great size for my 1.5 yo. I've washed him a few times, and he washes and dries well- hasn't come apart.
She's gorgeous!
so cute
THANKS
Love it.  Maybe counterfeit, but the black is darker than the official product.  Taller too. Love it.
My daughter loves this perfect small size
I love it, baby thinks it's ok  Great toy! Feels soft, took her awhile to warm to it
good  cute, good quality
Super cute  I love this owl! I got it for my son (17 months old) and he loves it. It is very high quality material. It does come a bit stiff and not squishy like a lot of stuffed animals (but soft to the touch). I know my son will have this for years to come, and he loves cuddling with it! I think with time and love it will get a bit more "squishable".
Adorable little plush doll for 1 year old baby girl  Adorable little plush doll for 1 year old baby girl. Soft and cuddly, light to hold, just right for little hands and arms to wrap around the doll.
Awesome, super soft and great quality  Awesome, super soft and great quality.  I gave it to my baby for his first birthday and as you can see he loves it. I plan on buying the rest of the dinosaurs from this collection too, probably for Christmas.
bought it for my kitten and she loves it -
Adorable
SO CUTE and big for its price might buy the rest of these sushi cuties
Adorable and soft  This is a great gift for a baby, in my case i got it for my 5 year old niece who's nickname is little Monkey, she loved it.
Cute but not Snuggly  Doesn't feel soft, almost a Felt like material. The kids love the Bubble Puppy though!
Great quality!  I got this for my son's 4th birthday a month ago, and he's been carrying it with him since.  Definitely a favorite, and the quality is fantastic.  Worth every penny.
gift
This was a gift for someone but it looks cool
Great! My nephew loves it.
Awesome so cute.  My niece loves this giraffe. Many thanks fast shipping!!!!!!
Grandson loved adding this toy to his collection thank you 
it was so cute thanks
Such a cute "baby" for boys. My 20 month old isn't so sure about it yet, but he's warming up to his friend. He loves the button and the zipper.
I was Ok on time
I can't say enough good about this stuffed animal  I can't say enough good about this stuffed animal! My grandson has to have this all the time, even sleeps with it. So if you know someone who loves Elmo this is it!!!
Granddaughter loves them!
"The Emerald Dream is not a dream and has no emeralds. Ooh, deep thought. Head hurts now."  If you play Heroes of The Storm as Brightwing then you'll love this plush. I have not had it for long, but I have not experienced any problems with it.  I will update this review in 6 months, for update of status.
Cute! But don't feed after midnight!  My son loves this thing. It's cute and small (fits in the size of a big hand).
Gift - They loved it nothing to complain about  Gift -  They loved it nothing to complain about...
Great toy for my two year old and for a great price!
perfect!  Our daughter loved this for her 5th birthday.  It's very cute and the perfect size and is also Very soft and snuggly.
Perfect for Garfield  Perfect. He fits right under Garfield's arm.
Awesome! :)  This plush is truly adorable and well made. It's a must-have for any Sasuke, Naruto, Anime and/or Manga fan. I highly recommend. :) IMPORTANT: As far as whether or not he's washable - Spot cleaning is your best answer. However, if it gets very dusty or dirty, washing it as the only item in the washer machine on the gentle cycle in cold water should not harm it. The best method to dry after washing it in a washer machine is a dryer set to "Air Dry" where it dries it in cool air with no heat to cause it damage. It may take two cycles on "Air Dry" to get it dry, but it's effective and worth it to get it dry all the way through. This has worked for me through the years (bought him 2010) and he still looks good. Pretty decent quality indeed! :)
perfect
Perfect toy for my Daughter!  My 18 month old daughter drives me craaazy trying to buckle and unbuckle EVERYTHING she can get her hands on! Car seat, high chairs, you name it. I came across this Bella Buckle toy and I took a chance that she might like it. OMG  !! She LOVES it!!! She carries it with her everywhere & keeps herself busy trying to match up the colors. I wish I found this sooner & will most likely buy another one just to keep in the car so she doesn't lose it.
My daughter loved it.
So cute, smaller than I expected.
I love it  It's so soft and a good size. Love it!
Exactly what I wanted  It's plain but okay
love it
My daughter now has the giraffe in every size!!
Purple minion  It was great my son loved it!  It was exactly as described! Even larger then expected perfect!!!! I will def buy from this seller again!
This Stitch is so perfect! He's cute and squishy and soft  Received as a Christmas gift. This Stitch is so perfect! He's cute and squishy and soft. Perfect!
The cutest, ever!!  I was so excited to receive my own marshfellow! For my boys, of course ;). They are very well made, super soft and bigger than I thought! I absolutely recommend this product!
My niece loved it!
good quality  not cheap
Exactly as appears, best quality  Great new product in sealed bag. Nice "bumpy" texture , the exact quality and appearance as described. Would buy again.
Cutest plushie ever!!  Love it so much!!! Its the cutest plushie ever, size is perfect not too big nor too small, its actually made pretty good, the shipping and delivering was very fast came 2 days within ordering, very happy with my order :) definately for any sao fan
Cute and came with protective bag.
Great!
Good value, solidly constructed Elmo  The little boy who I bought this for loves it!  It comes nicely packaged and is very nice quality (Elmo is very perky).  I don't understand those who complained about him being too small--he is perfect for a kid under 5.  Good value too! q
Truly is a cool little doll.
This is one of my favorite of all time stuffed animals  All my daughter wanted for Christmas was a giraffe. This is one of my favorite of all time stuffed animals. She adored it and it's one I think we will treasure for a long time.
It's Peppa alright!  Just what the doctor ordered.
Delightful  I bought this for my granddaughter who is four years old and she absolutely loves it. She takes it to bed with her.
Happy  Came quick and well made! My son will love it!
Perhaps the cutest stuffed animal...ever!  I love this plush giraffe! Besides the fact I think its adorable, my daughters was thrilled when I gave it to her. Her face lit up like it was Christmas! It's super soft and made really well. Two feet tall! I love that the legs have a solid piece inside so that "Harry" (that's his name now) can stand. He is really high quality. Manufactured really well. Definitely a toy that will be around for a while. I am happy to recieve this wonderful guy to review.
So cute and cuddly  This is just the right size to take along anywhere.  It is well-made and adorable.  Gave this to my nephew for his birthday, and he was still carrying it around at Christmas.  Still in great shape, and well-loved.
Love it  Excellent my great niece loves it! She sat and played with it for an hour straight. 16 month old little girl stamp of approval!
My own philosopher friend  "There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness."  It's not madness to be in love with Nietzsche. Listen to reason and buy this well made spitting image plush doll so you have someone who will never be able to argue against god not existing. In fact he will most vehemently agree with you.  My little philosopher friend sits perfectly on my bookshelf, casually observing the universe around me and offering both criticisms and congratulations. It's in his eyes... My seven month old would love to bring him close and strengthen their bond with slobber...but Nietzsche would just be too wet.  This plush is really just a quality product. No regrets. Thank you to The Unemployed Philosophers Guild for providing such a thing. The world needed it.
Cuddle Buddy  My daughter loves her new Dumbo . Soft and very cuddle friendly. Shipped when promised. Very satisfied.
Fast shipping and Great Quality Doll  Purchased for my boyfriends daughter who is obsessed with the show. Came quickly, looks exactly like the picture and does not have that weird warehouse smell that some items do. Very pleased!!
Perfect
Good pokemon for tiny hands!  When your four year old looks up at you with those big eyes and says "Mom, may I have a pokemon?" You. Find. A.Pokemon.  Teppig is his favorite and he was super thrilled with this little guy.  I thought he was a good size for a little kid and he's always getting drug around where my little man goes.  He must be put together well as I have not had to repair him!
I wish these were not so expensive for such a small toy. I love these plushies because they look like the ones from the games. I bought one for myself and one for my sister because Funtime Foxy/Mangle is our favorite character.
great product
NICE SET  Bought this as a gift. Love Pete The Cat! Nice set.
Perfect
Grandson loved them  Great fit for older kids or adults. Very well made. Only thing my grandson did not care for was the color, green, was not the right color for Godzilla. Other than that, he loved them.
Just as described.
This is so cute!  The Beanie Baby Hello Kitty Ballerina is perfect for my boyfriend's daughter, this is going to be her christmas present and I know she will absoluately will love it
Sooo snuglely  Loved it and so did my grandson !!!! They shipped right to his house. Awesome
Brilliant sounds just the the character my daughter loves this great toy
so cute!  my 4 and 6 year old adore these stuffed toys.  even after our dog attacked it a couple of times, it is still holding up well!
Perfect gift!!  I bought it for my girlfriend and she is totally in love with it, still, after more than 3 months. The quality is superb and it seems and feel awesome. Actually, it have different materials that I guess helps babies to stimulate their sensitivity or something like that. The size is good enough and for 12 box, you cannot go wrong with this awesome Yoshi. I am that happy that I am even doing a review about it hahahahah.
Cute plush  This plush is adorable. Well made with incredible attention to detail. A great addition to any collection!  She even easily stands up for display on shelves.
This doll will shake your world!  This is the best Sailor Uranus doll on the market and at an affordable price (since buying an old UFO Catcher doll of any of the outers costs an arm and a leg!) Even though they cost a lot, they can't beat the quality of this Uranus doll. Every piece of clothing is accurate front to back and head to toe (and remember the Outer Soldiers don't have white lines on their collars in their original forms like the Inners do)! They even included her iconic earring. The bow is also really nice and sturdy to make it poof. The picture doesn't show it (probably because it's a photo of the prototype), but the eyes are embroidered like every other GE Animation Sailor Moon doll in case you were wondering. She has a little felt attached on the end of her hair  on the back to create her hair style, and the front hair sticks up just like in the picture (you have to slightly pull the hairs to create the effect because the packaging flattens it to the hair)  I hope GE Animation makes the rest of the Outer Soldiers, it's about time they get high quality accurate plushies that are available at a fair price!
love him.  Roll Tide!
Very cute!! My sister loves it :-)
Kuromi  Exactly what I wanted. High quality Kuromi, official TY. Thank you!
Very cute!  Very cute!
Cute!  Really cute and costs less than in the stores. Also, the variety to choose from is way better here. My granddaughter LOVES Hello Kitty. So, I get these little beanies to give as surprises when I visit.
Hammer kirby is the best.  LOVEEEEE EEEEETTT!!! Hammer kirby is the best.
cute
Our beautiful son loves it  Our beautiful son loves it.  Super quality and very soft.  He has them proudly displayed on his bed amongst his other treasures!
Perfect Very Happy indeed :)
He is tiny and adorable. Super soft  Charmander arrived in a timely manner.  He is tiny and adorable.  Super soft.  He made a great valentine surprise.
My friend's daughter loves her gift. It arrived on time
Woody stuffed toy  Woody was a gift for a grandson who celebrated his 4th birthday on Christmas Eve. His mother had said how much he wanted the toy, and this version seemed to be the best one. The quality is excellent, and our grandson adores him. The family visited us over the holidays, and he carried Woody around constantly.
A good value for the money and it made her happy  I bought this doll for my girlfriend's granddaughter for Christmas. She loves it! In fact, she puts it in her stroller and carts the doll everywhere they go. A good value for the money and it made her happy. What more could you ask for?
Super plush. Helps me crush my enemies in Mario Kart 8!  Seriously, whats not to love...It's Tannoki !  I picked this up for my GFs kid who just loves using Tanooki when we have game night.. He loves it and so does his mom... It's super plush, well made and did I mention it's TANOOKI !
Great story that invites the imagination of all the fun that a leprechaun could conjure up.
Great Product and Seller.  Very adorable, and arrived much earlier than expected.
Wonderful for a Counselor  It was great to find the whole set of emotions from the movie, "Inside Out."  I work as a counselor and use these in the office to help clients connect with their emotions.  They are wonderful as it limits the emotions they chose from. The stuffed animals give them something to play with and hold on to while in their session.  I use them with all ages and all ages of people seem to enjoy having them around.  When they are not at the office, the kids love to play with them at home and as a counselor this makes me extremely happy as I encourage strong emotional development in any way possible.
Simply Awesome  Whoever engineered this thing is a genius. I hope they come up with more like this!
Very high quality item.  Rides on the front of my pickup winch without fading, tearing, or complaining.
Amazon gave me a second chance!  I had been at Universal Studios Florida in 2013 to visit the 'A Day in the Park with Barney' attraction, but I ended up deciding not to get a Barney toy because I had so many others. However by February 2014, I really wanted to get one and regretted not picking one up when I was at the theme park, but I thought the only option was 'eBay' (which I couldn't do). So I got the idea one day that people on Amazon might be selling products from Universal Studios and was so excited when I checked and found out there were. The only problems I had were the effort I went through to buy it, I even ended up cancelling the order once and reordered it when it reappeared. Another problem was my own eagerness which began to bug me when the order didn't ship to what I expected would be 'a standard Amazon purchase wait time', but was also happy when it was delivered on the day Amazon said it would. I put the most effort into purchasing this item, more than any other purchase from Amazon before and was excited when it finally arrived and I saw the 'Universal Studios' tag on the toy. Another good aspect was my mom's opinion of the toy, which was that it was 'unique' compared to all my other Barney toys as well as that it looked more like his show counterpart that my other toys. If you're a Barney fan like me, you might want to visit 'Universal Orlando' in Florida and get one of the toys because they are different than the other Barney plush toys released over the years. If you don't (or can't) get one at the park and don't have an eBay account or PayPal (like I did), you should check places like Amazon, because for me it was a great find and now I don't have to wait until whenever I can go back to Universal Orlando to get one so I'm not as impatient about my next trip, I can wait until whenever we can afford another trip to the park.
looked fierce  This cute dragon is super cute,, but looked quite fierce... I sewed the mouth shut leaving corners open as if smiling, and the effect is just like the carcter in the movie... super duper cute!!!
Adorable!
Got this as a present for someone and they love it.  this little guy is so damn cute! talks in Japanese and says its name "Mijumaru". Got this as a present for someone and they love it.
Beautiful Shiny Charizard Plushie! A must-have for Charizard lovers!  This is absolutely one of the best Charizard plushies available, even though it is a custom "unofficial" design. This plush toy was created with incredible skill and craftsmanship, and I honestly don't care whether or not a Pokemon plushie is "official", as long as it is well-made, cuddly, and accurate to the design of the actual Pokemon. And this Shiny Charizard plush certainly possesses all of those qualities. It is also an affordable price (much more fairly-priced and better quality than ANY official and significantly smaller overpriced Charizard plush from the Pokemon Center), it is very big, soft, adorable, and super-cuddly -- and it is a SHINY Charizard! This is definitely a must-have for all Charizard fans!  Aside from the obvious awesomeness in the Shiny factor alone, this Charizard plush is beautiful and lovely in every way. It is wonderfully accurate in design and colouration, and made from an extremely soft and durable material. It is squishy-soft and huggable, and an excellent very large size, perfect to cuddle with. It is very comforting to hug because it is big and soft all over, from head, to tummy, to tail. The details are wonderful. This Charizard has a very nice perfectly round, plump cream-coloured tummy, and he has an open mouth, bearing fangs on both his upper and lower jaw (made of sturdy white felt-like material), and sticking out his tongue, as if he is about to roar and breathe fire. Very realistic! His small arms and clawed paws are held in an upright position, and the white claws are made of sturdy felt. Like a previous reviewer mentioned, my Shiny Charizard's wings (although wide in wingspan) also do not stand upright like they are portrayed in the product image, and are rather floppy; they fall limply over his back and hang at his sides, and have no wire or plastic tab inside to hold them up. However, this does not bother me -- the soft floppy wings actually make this Charizard more huggable. The crimson red fabric comprising the inner membrane of the wings is velvety soft and smooth. His fiery crimson eyes are embroidered beautifully on either side of his large head. The legs are powerfully-built, and the white claws on his feet are perfect; however, he cannot stand on his feet, and must sit up with support from his thickly-stuffed tail. He sits up fine on a bed or shelf. The tail flame is very vibrant and colourful.  However, my Shiny Charizard's neck was not stuffed very well, so his large head tends to flop around limply back and forth. At first I was a little disappointed by his floppy neck, and I could not push or squeeze the stuffing around inside to make the neck more sturdy. I'm not sure if it is the same with every one of these plushies, but either way, it isn't too much of an annoyance, and I don't mind it much anymore because everything else is positively wonderful, and I love this plush so much. I do think that the neck should have a flexible wire inside to better support the large and heavy head, though.  Anyhow, if you are considering adding this to your Pokemon or Charizard collection, I highly recommend it! It is the perfect Charizard plushie for both children and collectors. You will not be disappointed, as the quality is amazing, and the plushie is both cute and fierce-looking. This awesome and unique Shiny Charizard will melt your heart. :)
I was so happy to find this DJ Lance doll  I was so happy to find this DJ Lance doll, it was good quality and my 1 1/2 yr old daughter was so happy to receive this doll because DJ Lance is her favorite person ever!
Really great quality, realistic looking too.
Cookie Monster is soft and cuddly.  My toddler son loves him.  But since we got him I have noticed cookies have mysteriously been disappearing from our house.  Just a warning- lock up your cookies.
Soft and cuddly. Elmo's that do stuff are ok....but when you are 2....you just got ta hug a softy guy!
Our daughter loves her unicorn. Although a bit pricey but it was worth it..
good quality plush toy  Well made, soft, good quality plush toy.
Used these for "kindness elf"  I bought these to use for kindness elves rather than the creepy elf on the shelf. My kids loved them, they are adorable, and worked perfectly for our new kindness elf tradition. They are much bigger than elf on the shelf, more similar in size to a stuffed baby doll than a Barbie size like elf on the shelf. Very nice quality and cute design. I am very happy with them.
disney lion king simba  very cute! my grandson loves it & very hard to find! I could not even find it at disney store or disney.com!
Perfect -- using them for a mobile in my grandson's nursery!
like some reviews say  Santa got this for my daughter for Christmas and it's the cutest thing! Sings and the nose lights up. It does not have Baby's 1st Christmas on the foot, like some reviews say. Too cute!
My 18 month old loved the buckles and spends a lot of time with it.
Cute and authentic!  Cute Hello Kitty plush! It's small and adorable and the material is nice, not cheap. True TY plushies.
Lil Toy Story Fans!  My 3 yr old nephews are totally into the Toy Story Craze and these toy story plush and pillows were great. They are bigger than they look. i was surprised when i received them. so the toddlers can use the plush as a pillow. the blankets are nice soft fleece and just the right size for toddlers. i loved it!
Cute!  Came earlier than expected. Exactly as described. My daughter loves them!
Worked perfectly
Super adorable!  This is the perfect  stuffed animal for the aquarium lover in your life! Everyone knows the Red Tailed Catfish has a big personality to match its size, and if you can't have the real thing, this is the next best!  It's really well made, soft and cuddly, while the fins are just rigid enough to feel different from the body of the plush. It has little yarn whiskers that give it some serious personality!  Some people dislike the position of the eyes, but its anatomically accurate, as catfish have beady eyes set far apart and often appear to be squinting!  It's a little larger than your average stuffed animal, but it is cute none the less. Overall an awesome buy :)
My grandson loved it.
Great plush!  It is a very great plush!  It's as tall as it was advertised (7") and with tag.  i recommend this product!
Greatly enjoyed.
EVERY YEAR BABY!  I get the same Lang pocket calendar "every" year. This is a well made product and it comes with an outer sleeve that keeps it from getting tore up in my purse. The paper quality is good and smooth to write on. Very wet markers or pend (or white-out) needs to dry a few seconds or it will transfer to the other page when closed. And for me personally, I like very much that it's few holiday pictures are not over-the-top, over-cute, or distracting from what I'm using the calendar for.
Toys  Cute little toy for kids
Love Him  Much bigger than expected from head to toe it's about 18 inches. Good material, Looks just like the photo, great for a Finn cosplay.
Love it  My son loves it so much. it is a little smaller than I expected but it is loved so much and has had lots of play time
Excellent for collectors of Frida Kahlo memorabilia.  She's a very cute doll. The details on her dress and her headband are a plus. The earrings could have been more original, but overall, a great doll for a reasonable price.
cute toy  Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. It's very cute and looks like it will hold together well.
Great quality, soft and larger size than expected  Great quality, soft and larger size than expected. Gave them as party favors for a Shopkins themed party and everyone loved them.
Elmo  My daughter loves him! He's exactly as described. Perfect size for a toddler's loving arms.
Adorable.
Great toy!  It's very life-like but at a size that can be carried around and enjoyed!!!  It's worth the money I think!
So cute!  Exactly as expected!
My daugther love it! El mundo de elmo eeeeeessssss
Satisfied nostalgia.
Please buy this and the pink one while at it!  You are missing out if you don't have...dooooommmmmooooo! U simply must get one, two or even three. My cat loves him! But only to hug. If he attacked him then that would not be good. Domo is mine!
Core is cuuuute!  Cora is not only really adorable, she's soft and cuddly unlike a lot of educational stuffed animals. Pronunciation of my daughter's name was spot on, the phrases, songs, and stories to choose from are broad, and overall just a great gift. I cannot wait for her to get it Christmas morning!
As described.
Very good!
We love it!
Isabelle Animal Crossing Plush  It's perfect! It's absolutely adorable. My girlfriend loved it! The bells complement it well. The plush is real soft. I am glad I purchased this.
Good quality. My child loved it!
Eh. Um. Uh. I choose... sandwich.  He is smaller than plush Gunter but just as evil. Just like out of the episode, "From Bad to Worse."
really like the tag  soft and cute.....really like the tag detail
Good and Cheaper than Disneyland  Good quality and cheaper than the ones old at Disneyland which is always a plus. The backpack does not hold much but worked well.
I love it  Great plush!
Adorable...  My wife writes children books and uses this dog as a part of her prop of characters from the story.  Its simple and cute... great for the collector at heart (any age)!
get ur repeat balls ready!  love it! pic accurate and very fluffy, very well made and no sloppy errors. super cute and fluffy cuddly, I'm very happy and would recommend. packaged neatly with care and came 2 days earlier than estimated. would totally catch again!
The kids went crazy  A good friend of mine is the director of a daycare so for a Christmas present I bought Olaf for the kids who attend there. She said they went bonkers. He is a good size and does a lot of different things. I was very pleased with the transaction and the product. Who doesn't like to see toddler's faces light up at Christmas?
Fun toy for Moana  Fun toy!  Colorful, well-made and stands up on its own.  I took Hei Hei with me to see Moana.  We both enjoyed the movie very much.
This is going to a friend in hospital.  This is going to keep a friend in the hospital company. He just found out he is going to be there for Christmas and is only 4 years old. Spiderman will keep him company..
Great Plush!  My Girlfriend's review: Much like the Dialga plush I've purchased, this is a very well made plush-toy! Although he isn't cheap, if you're a Pokemon fan, this is a must-have! The detail work is quite nice, especially considering its a plush toy, and the sheer size is wonderful. He's sturdy, but soft; so it makes a nice toy to cuddle. There was very little warping (such as his wings) but that's to be expected, and was able to fix them easily.
Baby chick  This chick isn't a real chick; but what is? The detail is amazing! They really went all out on making their animals so close to real!
AS awesome as this product is  AS awesome as this product is, it HAS been discontinued by the makers. The people selling this on here, including the shampoos and conditioners ARE price gouging you and who knows how OLD it is..  Very Sad and it was NEVER sold at these prices
So cute!  I purchased this as a birthday present and as a cosplay prop for a friend's birthday. The item arrived very quickly and friend was very happy with it.
Arrived a day early and my kid loves it.
Received pretty quickly  Typical plush. Well made and shipped pretty quickly
Christmas present  My kids love this very much. They enjoy playing with theirs ninjas!!
Perfect!  This goat is the perfect blend of stylized cuteness with realism. It's a little smaller than I expected but the quality is exceptional. No loose fur and very soft. The legs are a little wobbly but perfect despite the slightly smaller size.
My granddaughter loves Olaf.  Well made and very cute.
Very nice product and great transaction!
Cute Plush doll  I got this doll for my sister and she absolutely loves it! She keeps it on the pillows of her bed.
Well after waiting a month I would say it was worth the wait. Excited to see my sons reaction on Christmas morning I love the fact that you can pose Rayquaza I think I will have it wrapped around my sons stocking.
Pokemon lovers must have these two.  My daughter has spent many, many hours playing with these Pokemon.  She sleeps with them.  She draws them having adventures.  She is captivated by their actions.
Arrived on time and as described
They Fit!!  To my suprise these fit to size 13 are cool looking and pretty durable. I got these Godzilla feet for christmas and they have kept my feet comfortable ever since.
Cute toy with bright colors and good quality
cute
WONDERFUL Item, Arrived Early !!
and she loved it. I want one myself =)  It was a gift for a big sailor moon fan, and she loved it. I want one myself =)
Get Lufsig while you can  Great soft plush for kids.  Filling density is more floppy than firm.  "Denim" material is soft.  It doesn't look like this is part of the IKEA catalogue anymore.  Item number 002.475.77 doesn't register in the catalog and I noted that my IKEA no longer had the item.
Love!
amazing  good product nise design
Adorable  SO adorable! Perfect size for little hands! What a sweet bunny!
Blast from the past  Showed up on time and it was adorable. I didn't know if you could still get a Dumbo plush toy and it was perfect.
Larger and even more adorable in person.
Plue arrived and made my daughter very happy.
My grandson loves Goat Simulator and was very happy to receive his soft, huggable plush.
Sister's Surgery  I bought this for my sister when she was having her gallbladder removed. She absolutely loved it! She had some anxiety before the surgery, but this gift made her laugh and comforted her. She kept it by her side all throughout her recovery process too. It's also really great quality. I highly recommend!
Bizzy is perfect!  Little 16 month old Emrys is always on the move.  However, now, when he is sitting quietly, I know that he is absorbed in his "Bizzy" buckling the straps.  When they are all buckled, he brings them to me to unbuckle so that he can start over.  We love "Bizzy".
Cute Elf  Purchased for my granddaughter and she loves it!
A++++++++
It's a nice size for 2 year old hands  My granddaughter loves her Anna doll and carries it with her everywhere.  It's a nice size for 2 year old hands, about 10", and talks! The clothes are not removable, and it is a very soft doll so will not hurt anyone playing with it.  Service and product were excellent.
Best Toy Ever!!  I am a huge Doctor Who fan and I am trying to get my four year old daughter into it too (not much luck with that yet). This toy did the trick, however, As soon as it arrived, I let her open the package and she slept with it every single night! She even learned to say TARDIS and when I said, "go get the TARDIS" she would run to get it. She loved playing with it so much that she took it with her when visiting her father in September. Sadly, we left it there and have not seen it since. I really love this thing and I hope I get it back and I have to say that I love it so much that if I do not get it back, I will buy another one. Because it is totally worth the money. It is soft and it makes great timey-wimey noises and an awesome blue light which all Whovians will enjoy, even mini whovians. I love that my child can play with this. I really love everything about it and I would buy it a million times if I had to. I have been so sad and my bed so empty without this excellent stuffed toy. I really do recommend this to anyone who is a fan. :)
It looks just like our cairn terrier when he was a puppy  My wife loves it! It looks just like our cairn terrier when he was a puppy. So cute!
Love It.!!!
100% authentic to the character!  Fabrikation plush dolls are high quality items. You can tell they take the time to stitch and perfect their design. They are sturdy and stnad up perfectly on my shelf. You will LOVE any of their line!
Love Them Minions  I expected it to be a bit bigger, but nonetheless, my daughter loves Tim. The material is not cottony/plush, so it may get a bit dirty. I am afraid to put it in the wash and it might end up messing up. All in all, it's a great toy for the price we paid.
Great condition, exceeded my expectations! :)
Very cute  My son loved it ty
It is great!  This is awesome. A must have for any collection. The tongue sticks out. It also hangs with the help of a suction cup. Get one today.
... in the pic but its a smug look i love  it might look mad in the pic but its a smug look i love it
Nice  Olaf is soft. He talks when u push his top button
Christmas gift  My granddaughter loved it, She is 9  years old and very into pokeman. It is cute she sleeps with it
as you imagine good present!
This was a gift for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves it. Well made and very cute.
Scary but love able  At first my 22 month granddaughter was so scared of Elmo. He is her height. Now she loves him. I am glad I got it for her.
Perfect Gift
And great quality. I bought 2  It's huge! And great quality. I bought 2, one for each kid. They LOVE it.
Very soft and life like :)
Very cute but small...
Really fast delivery and great product!
love these things!
Grandkids love these.  They smell so good!
very cute
Great Gift  Made a great gift. The person really enjoyed it.
Kid loved it
Great toy to keep toddler hands busy (very useful on flights!)
This was a great gift!  She loved it!
My daughter love these ponies over the plastic one.
Love it
love
Cute just as described  Just as described,  my daughter loves it,  made well.
My friend gave me the money to buy this for my birthday love the plush and love the movie Kiki's Delivery Service from which the cat Jigi is from!
my golden retriever loves the loon due to its sound.  We just have to buy more because they get lost and occasionally after many, many squeezes from our golden that they do wear out.
Just as promised.
Adorable Hetalia Plush  I purchased this for my daugther for Christmas. My daughter is so into Hetalia I know she is going to love this plush. It's well made, kind of small but really really cute!
Excellent item, arrived as promised.
She's a little smaller than I expected but I was very happy with the quality  Shipment got here just in time.  She's a little smaller than I expected but I was very happy with the quality.  She's very plush and great for small children.
It definatley stretches  It does just what it says.....stretches.  My son loves it and has so much fun with it.
love it
Best Mario Ever  This is the best purchase ever.  I decent size for what I paid at Christmas compared to a lot of Mario plush which can fit in the palm of your hand and are pricey
Minecraft plushy  Cute little plushy, daughter loves it.
love it  Best thing I ever got for my brother so many compliments we get when we're at disneyland great item for all the star wars fans great item for kids and adults
Bought it for Christmas for my grandson's collection. Quality merchandise.
Great.  My nephew loves it! It is very well made and seems like it will hold up to all the angry fun!
Very cute  This doll is very cute. It is designed well and is the perfect size for carrying around. I would suggest it for little ones - my 3 year old is thrilled.
AWESOME!!!!! MY DAUGHTER LOVES HIM!!!!!
Disney & Pixar Toy Story 18  My great grandson lives and breathes Woody, I had to get this for him, he does not put it down for any thing, I only wished I had bought a larger one but this Woody is perfect, Very fast in getting here for a very impatient little boy
Flying,Screaming Monkeys  Who doesn't love a flying screaming monkey?True they aren't flying oinking pigs,but they are a blast to shoot around the room.
Would purchase again!!!
Excellent  My son loves his plush toys and this one was perfect for his collection.  Arrived in excellent condition, on schedule, and packaged was fine.  I would recommend this to anyone =)
Fun!  My granddaughter won't let go of this! It was actually bigger than I thought and it's perfect for a toddler to hold and carry around.  She loves the singing and dances with it.
perrrfect
Very Cute Pillow  For the child who likes Cars 1/2 movie a very nice pillow that they can take to bed with them or lay on the sofa/floor to watch the movie with. Very well made.
Love Sulley. Excellent quality  Bought for my sons 1st birthday party - Monsters Inc/University themed party.  Excellent quality - he loves it and it will be a perfect addition for his party.
Wife's favorite moose!!!!  My wife totally loved it!! He easily became a distinctive member of a very, very large family of moose.
Anjay Like A Minecraft Plush Squid Creeper Endrman Sheep Cow Pig
GiveA+++
Perfect
Love it!  Wonderful toy. My grandson loves it.
Hada the Hippo is a perfect lovey.  This actually replaced our last Hada which was my 6YOs favorite comfort item. The blanket insert is so soft, but mostly we use Hada without the blanket. We are able to place smaller toys inside her, as well. Well-made and much cuter than pillow pets.
Good quality  This is an official disney plush and is good quality. Impressed, as I always am with disney. My daughter loves fuli, expensive but worth it.
cute
happy cheerful toy  Kids love it, just wish Elmo's laugh was a bit louder.
Super cute Woody doll!  I bought this for a big Toy Story fan. She absolutely loved it! He's so cute and great quality. His hat is sewn on so you don't have to worry about losing it. He even has the name Andy embroidered on his boot! Too cute!
she loves it
Super soft and great quality. Definitely a great addition to our child's nursery.
A Hit!!  A hit with my little one who loves Blue... very good condition... esp. for being 17 yrs old... thanks a bunch,,, very satisified customer and little one... God bless!!
love it
Perfect for my 2 1/2 yr grandson  Perfect for my 2 1/2 yr grandson. He loves practicing the buckles. Not a good car toy yet, requires the parents to open the buckles.
Lovely for cuddles  I'm a bit of a spider fanatic, I have another spider plushie aside from this one, I have a pet tarantula, I also take pictures of aesthetically pleasing wild spiders because I like them. This makes a great stand in for a cute cuddly spider since I can't cuddle my actual spider when my anxiety is running high. He's cute and soft and I love stuffed animals since they make for great hugging buddies and this plush definitely does not disappoint when it comes to cuddling. And I really appreciate the craftsmanship of such a cute plush.  The company as a whole is great, they were very eager to please and polite. And again, the craftsmanship is great which I really appreciate because with all the fear mongering surrounding spiders it makes for almost no companies that will even produce plush spiders. I'll likely be buying from wish pets again in the future. Especially since they also have a plush scorpion! 
Good seller!  My son loved this, it was exactly what he was looking for, and was exactly as pictured. Thank you again for the fast shipping!
Great and soft cat in the hat  Super cute cat in the hat! My 2 year old loves him. I use it for my babies monthly pic. Works perfect!
My son loved it  My son loved this stuffed plankton plush. It's about a foot high plus the length of the tentacles (which can be posed in different ways).  I think the green color is a little muted but he loves it so all is good!
perfect size and plushness for my toddler, he loves it!  great quality too
I love it
Quality is good and my daughter loved it  As shown in the picture.  Quality is good and my daughter loved it.
It's cute!
My kids love love this doll.
These are great for hand to eye coordination.  My 19 month old son loves this toy. He will come back to it again and again throughout the day. He is able to buckle them easily but unbuckling presents a bit of a challenge for him. These are very well made and clip tightly together. He has gotten his finger a few times when playing with certain buckles but that does not appear to have discouraged him from using it. These are great for hand to eye coordination.
well made toy
Awesome!  I have been using this product for 3 years & I love it! I am super white, so whenever I used to use other sunscreens 30-50 spf I would always burn, even reapplying all the time. With this, provided you reapply as often as you're supposed to, you're basically guaranteed not to burn. It also smells awesome, like a summery coconut (my best friend says it's his favorite smell ever lol), whereas the other sunscreens smell like oily crap. I use it on my face especially because it's strong enough for me. The only problem I've ever had with it is it can give me a rash on my chest if I leave it on too long, but as long as I wash it off the same night I'm fine. It's really elusive to find in stores, I used to get it at Walmart but they don't have it anymore, so looks like online is the way to go. I'd also advise if you can find it in a one-pack go with that, if you leave a bottle sitting for more than a year the spf begins to half-life & loses it's strength, & also gets watery.
Smek for the win!  My daughter loves it, especially since they don't sell these in many stores right now!
Just perfect for our 3 yr old grandson !!!!!
This stuffed animal helped me so much with the loss of my bichon, thank you!
It was smaller than I thought but it was still nice.  This was a x-mas present from Santa for my daughter and she was pleased. Like I said I wasn't real happy with the size, I thought it would be bigger especially for the price but my daughter war satisfied, that is what mattered. It was very real looking! I would recommend it for anyone.
He's very cool and my students love to read to him  Sammy the Sockeye is my classroom mascot. He's very cool and my students love to read to him.
My Granddaughter loves it! Refuses to give him up!!
So cute!  This was stuffed in the Sailor Mars mug I bought for my girlfriend for Christmas. The best combination of gifts! So while she dreams of being Sailor Mars with her daily morning cup of coffee, she can cuddle Tuxedo Kamen/Mask at the same time and pretend her husband is Mamoru/Darien. :3
and cuddly whats not to love about this  cute, soft, and cuddly whats not to love about this
Cute! Well made.  Cute!  Well made.
good quality fast shipping
It is very soft and vibrantly colored and is a perfect depiction of Mr  I don't often post product reviews, but I'll make an exception for this toy.  My 21 month old daughter got this for Christmas, and she loves it!  It is very soft and vibrantly colored and is a perfect depiction of Mr. Grouper.  Your little Bubble Guppies fan is sure to love this Mr. Grouper!
Very cool.  Son loves it!
baller status  domo, like a BOSS  i steatbelted mine in to the passenger seat so he always rides shotgun, and i make the girls hop in the back
Exelent
Good quality fabrics  My daughter loves it. Good quality fabrics. Really nothing to complain.
Thanks
Great  Just like what you would expect for a smaller size Disney doll.
thank you
A hit  I got this rabbid to include in my grandsons easter basket and it was a major hit.  It was well made and enjoyed by all the children.
My son just loved it
Received this  Great
Very cute elf!  I love this elf!  He is bigger than most of them but much cuter.  It might be harder to hide him but his toes are curled so he can hang upside down from my chandelier.  His face is adorable.  If it is for a young child he can take a lot of cuddling.  Very good value for the money.
My niece loves it!  Recently watched both Gremlins with my niece, (she's 5 and loves Gizmo now), she loves this thing. It's small the ears are hard so be careful.  Other than that it's great. She got stopped by so many times when people saw her with Gizmo, they all thought it was adorable and said it brought back memories for them!
So cute and soft, our 10-month-old loves this monkey!
Cute and plushy  My son loved it
AWESOME!  this is sooooo cute! <3 my first domo plushy. Thanks its in great condition and i love the farting noise, i couldn't stop pressing it, i might have to order another after i run the batteries down lol
Great  Great granddaughter loved it especially when he was  laying down and singing a song and snoring while he was sleeping
Love it! My daughter sits there and plays a long time!
It is very cute and soft. :)
great price, extremely fast shipping,  would highly recommend
Very cute, very durable  An excellent plush doll that has retained its shape and remains a great conversation piece for all our geek friends.
Makes me smile  I am 52 years old and I adore this unicorn my husband bought me to cheer me up!  He is beautifully designed with mane and tail that had just a hint of glimmer in them.  He stands on his own but flexible enough to pose and cuddle with.  No matter what your age if you love this mythical creature get this and you will smile.  Douglas makes excellent products that in my opinion appeal to all ages.
my grand daughter love this. It is very soft and very special with a nice mane and tail and fancy hoofs. Well worth the price.
Highly recommend.  You can tell this wolf is a girl as soon as she comes out of box. She is so pretty and she smiles at you. She has plush fur and nice tail. Her fabric is woven into different patterns and then the front has the soft white fur. I adore her.
Very nice, my son loves it. Fast shipping, toy is exactly as advertised.
Cute toy  I have one of these for my son and I just ordered one for my niece :)  They both love it.  You do have to press the tummy for each note of a song and the mouth opens each time, but I think that's why the little ones like it.
My brother loved the  Looks as in the picture. My brother loved the gift
fun item...gave as gift.
Happy little girl
Amazing Stuffed Minecraft Toy  This is an amazing stuffed toy. My son was very excited when he opened this Christmas day. There are no lose threads or holes. The ghast's face is done in very vibrant colors. It has a very plush, soft feeling. He loves how large it is. It has remained in perfect condition for over 5 months.
That a great white tiger
my favorite!
Loved by my 8 and 10 year old sons.
Kid loved it. Quality materials. Super Cute.
So cuddly!  It was just a bit smaller than I expected but it's so soft and cute! Thanks!
Love this product  My grandson is obsessed with buckling and unbuckling his stroller, car seat, cart at the grocery store, etc.. this toy is a godsend!
Joy Red Xmas mermaid  I brought this mermaid for my partner as she collects mermaids, aspecially Aurora World mermaids. This mermaid was exactly as described, fantastic quality with beautiful red tail and details. Very rare to find an Aurora mermaid with a red tail!
Kids love it!  Soft and cuddly!
Great Gift  I gave this as a gift and was perfect.  Thank you.
Very cute for a Godzilla fan! Large sized.
My baby boy loves ALL the Bubble Guppies!
I bought this cute doc as a gift for my nephew and he loved it! It's the same quality as his other Harry, and it came brand new in plastic packaging. I might be purchasing the baseball Harry soon. :)
Stewie doll  Stewie was a birthday gift 4 my wife. She loves Family Guy and loves her Stewie Doll
Perfect
Great product
I love powerpuff girls and Blossom is my favorite. This doll is so cute!
Love it!  Was afraid of buying this without any reviews. It is seriously the cutest thing. So soft, well made, and perfect. Going to buy two more because my kids love it so much <3
looks just like picture, light weight plastic fruit. Kids love them.
LOVE! :)  I love this little guy!  I purchased him for my youngest son for his 1st birthday and he is just TOO sweet and soft.  He is about a foot long from head to toe, just the right size for my little one to carry around!  I have purchased another Bunnies by The Bay bunny in the past and loved that too, I know I will buy more from this great company!
None better  I have had this model since the early 1990s at home and have turned out many excellent daiquiris with it. Sturdy as a block of granite, this blender is the commercial grade one you see in use at the local nightclub.  The motor will probably last a lifetime, once you use this one all others become toys.....  TIP: buy both the metal and plastic top containers so you can add variety to the quantity of drinks you're mixing.
Love this toy!!!!  I bought this for my 7 year old son and he loves it!!!!!!! It is a great size, not too small or large and he sleeps with him every night.
Very cute.
my daughter loved it. It was in perfect condition  my  daughter loved  it.  It was in perfect condition.
It was the perfect gift for my 18 month old granddaughter who love buckles
These dolls are awesome. Great big size and very sweet.
Great Christmas gift!
Very cute!  Love it! Never saw anything like this before. Perfect for my son's collection and he has it hanging from the ceiling in his room. Very nice detail.
This 2 toed Sloth made one little girl VERY happy!
Perfect, so cute. Well made. My 3 year old loves it!
got this toy as a gift for my girlfriend since she loves Jack lol. i thought this toy was going to be soft and very squeeze able which isn't the case because the toys limbs are flexible and hold position. So if you like to sit him on your dresser you can position him so he can do so which is nice.  she loved the doll as a little random gift, i would recommend this since it is a decent size [over a foot or so] and is a cute little toy
Fast shipping & great product!!
Very Satisfied  One of the cutest Monsters!
Adorable!  This was for my little boy, who really, really wanted a Toadette. She seems well constructed and the size fit his yellow Toad and Mario figures.
This is going to make a great gift for a new baby  This is going to make a great gift for a new baby.  At first we were unsure if it would be baby appropriate.  But when we received we knew we purchased the right gift.  It is bright and pleasing to the eyes.  There are no loose strings or pieces of fabric for the baby to pull apart.  Everything is stitched together and the bunny is high quality.  Our five year old even loved it, but we had to keep it in the bag for the new baby.  This will be a great gift for a child to give their new cousin or friend.  I would highly recommend this plush bunny.  It is a must have for any baby.  I can not see any reason why you would not wan to purchase this product.  I received this product on a promotional discount for my honest review. I am not required to give a good review and believe sellers want an honest opinion about the good and bad qualities of their products. I am not associated with the seller in any way. I rely on these reviews to select & ultimately purchase a product, so I give my opinion based on personal use.  I provide very honest reviews based on my own personal experience and preferences to help others make a more informed decision when choosing whether or not to purchase an item.  If you have enjoyed reading my review or have found it helpful in any way, please click the Yes button.
Our son likes this Foxy plush toy. He hung it on his school back pack.
Girlfriend loved it.
soft and fluffy pup  love this fluffy little dog.
Love!!  This is a beautiful snake. Very well made. After the fact that we got it, we read the tag about their cause. again makes this purchase even better!
IT was great!  Having purchased directly from the Disney store, I was hoping for the same quality but thought I was taking a chance. Pleasantly surprised! IT was great!
cute  Exactly as described!!
PERFECT in EVERY WAY! Adorable Jupiter with the great red spot for his nose!!! So cute!!! 
Exceptional value  Good quality and great value
Smaller than expected but really cute!
Super cute!  My expectations for these elves were not high but I was pleasantly surprised.  They are adorable and well made.  The fabric is good quality and the stitching is well done.  The clothes are detailed and look like real clothes.  The elves faces have a great happy expression.  The elves are able to sit up and can be positioned in several different ways.  I got the 12" and the 18 " and I am very happy with both.  These elves are so cute that I may just have to put out the Christmas decoration early.  *I received this item at a discount so I could evaluate it and provide an honest review. The opinions and experiences are mine alone.*
gift
Sweet  Exactly what I expected
This GRINCH is a happy grinch!  My grandson is 2 and Grinch obsessed!  I looked at Grinch's all over the Internet and found this one to be  a nice size and good price, even tho I didn't really want the Xmas Grinch, my grandson loves him!  Highly Recommend.
Small but very well made.
Mario Plush  This was a great gift that I got for my brother for Christmas. He loved it. I got it fast and it was just as it was described. Thanks!
My daughter loves it!!
Lovable Olaf!!  My granddaughter loves this Olaf. Sometimes things that talk scare her. This cute stuffed Olaf does not talk. Just huggable, perfect for her to sleep with!!
My son loves his mickey, I seen a lady had posted that it was a fake mickey, well this mickey came from the Disney store, it came with tags that said Disney Store, hardly fake!!
My granddaughter loved it.
big head baby  cute. best gift i've ever gotten. it's head is super huge.
Great stuffed animal!  Marvelous stuffed animal!  My boy loves it!
LOVE this snuggly Elmo!  He is perfect! The eyes are made of a stretchy polyester fabric and stuffed, rather than hard plastic. His body is nicely filled, but not overly - he is not hard as some reviewers reported. There is a small amount of plastic bead-stuffing in his bottom that stabilizes Elmo when he sits. He has a wonderful shaggy feel to him without sizing or chemicals. Best of all he begs to be hugged from the moment you see him. My 2-yr old grandson is going to be over the moon!
Great Gift for Science  This is a really awesome gift, especially for science majors/graduates etc. I gave this to a close friend who happens to be a Microbiology major, and she fell in love with it, along with other GIANTmicrobes that I've given this her.
Arrived in perfect shape.  It is the Sven I was looking for and the price was better than expected.  I purchased this as a gift for my granddaughter and she slept with it on the first night.  She calls it Moose and it is adorable.
Small and cute  He's a little smaller than i expected but it worked out well for my 2 year old nephew. he loves elmo and they get to do their ABCs together. I am partial to the bigger tickle me elmo so just be aware of this guys size if you are looking for something bigger.
COOL
It's Godzilla, need I say more  I was really surprised when I ran across these. I just recently, within the last few years, turned my granddaughter onto Godzilla. So I had to get her something very cool, and these were it.
Cute, cuddly, and toddler proof!  Purchased this for our toddler who loves Pikachu. She has loved this thing since day one and over a year later it has survived numerous runs through the washer, throwing, cuddling, and vigorous playing. Still as soft and adorable as the day it arrived. Also the perfect size for cuddling.
It's So Cute!  I'm so cute, I'm so cute, I'm. So. Cute! That's what this plushie says every time you look at it.. :3
My 3 year old son loves all four of them.
Just right  Just what my grandaughter wanted.
Perfect Cuddley Elmo  Perfect size for a 2 year old and totally cuddleable.  No hard surface: Eyes, nose & mouth are fabric.  I love it and so does my grandson and great niece.
Golden Freddy ..  I bought this at wal mart today for my son. I however bought it for $9.84 not for twenty some odd dollars like they're asking for on here. Anywho, he loves it, its much more rad in person ... five stars!
Gotta get em all!!  SNORLAX! Gotta Catch em all!!  We bought this Snorlax for our 3 year old daughter as since we have been playing pokemon she has become just as obsessed. It is SO soft! So soft that I find myself petting it when it is next to me. It is a great size. not too big or too small. It is made really well. I don't feel we will have any problems with it in the many more years it will be in our family. It also looks exactly like it should. It is a snorlax not an almost snorlax. We are very pleased with this product in everyway. although it is a little bit more spendy than I would like for a stuffed animal, I feel it's quality is worth paying the price. He is also a great playmate! He even wears a crown like a pro. I have attached some adorable pictures of my Daughters new forever friend. If you have found this review helpful please click yes. Thank you
Amazing shipping speed  Very cute and soft!!! Amazing shipping speed!!
Nice spiderman golf head cover  Got this for a golfer who is a BIG spiderman fan! Couldn't believe it was even available.  The face is padded, good size and seems to fit on any club, even oversized.  The base is a sock and the spiderman head feels like a polyester padded cover.  It is nice, and exactly what we were looking for.  The only other spiderman head cover I've seen was more of a plush toy with the sock base, and just looked like it would get dirty fast, especially if set on the ground on those cold, wet mornings.  This one feels like it could be wiped off or resist water.  Very happy with it!
thank you
Absolutely love him!
Great Product !
Liked ut
First one was lost in the mail but they quickly responded top an inquiry and sent a replacement. I think it is great! It is larger than the pusheens you can get and is more of a pillow vs stuffed animal. It is not as well made as an official pusheen but it is a very welcome addition to the family and fills a different purpose. We are completely happy with the purchase. But if you are getting this instead of a pusheen, your recipient may be disappointed. I think it is much better as a pusheen like pillow.
A perfect gift!  I got this as a gift for a family member who is a serious collector, he LOVED it. It is top quality materials and very durable. It's bigger than I anticipated as well, very happy with this buy!
So cute and cuddly!
Good for traveling  This is a good sized Elmo for schlepping around. Soft. A little weird in the eyes at certain angles but you'll forget about it.
Best Stitch plush I have ever seen  Best Stitch plush I have ever seen! I have been dying to get one but did not like any at Walt Disney World. Decided to see what they had online and found this one. Great size, super soft and Authentic Disney merch! Can't go wrong with this! Awesome price too!! I LOVE IT!
A+  Came on time and is the softest tigger ever!
soft and great for the little ones  my son loves his new elmo.  elmo is soft and can even sit up on its own, seems durable and i hope it lasts a long time.
Cuteness for the Fairy Tail fan  Cute. Well made. Fairy Tail obsessed teen was thrilled.
Arrived really fast!!  It came a few days before the arrival date. The quality is high grade and I love the design. I've always wanted one. It's perfect for little ones and pets.
If you love Fairy Tail as much as I do then you'll want this! Plue is an adorable character and this plush version is well made and just so cute! I carried mine at Comic Con and a lot of people thought he was so cute. Its a great addition to any Lucy cosplay, and I cant say enough how cute he is.
Loved these ear muffs  Loved these ear muffs! They are even cuter in person. Gave them as a gift and everyone loved them!! Highly recommend.
Just amazing
Arrived on time. Bigger than I thought it would be. My niece loves it!
my son is having fun with it  my son is having fun with it, good quality and goes well with the rest of his collection of these weird yo-gabba-gabba characters
I would def recommend!!  Way bigger than I expect. He is so soft and cute! I would def recommend !!
Pefect for my collection  Too nice
My daughter loved receiving this surprise for Christmas  My daughter loved receiving this surprise for Christmas. He is adorable, and he was promptly shipped and in excellent condition.
Love it!  Works just like any spoon should!  And a great filler to reach the $25 free super saver shipping!
Perfect
Gift  My daughter loved this. Soft but sturdy, perfect size.
Loved the ears!!!!
shipping fast and it was everything its like people who bought it said  Excellet, shipping fast and it was everything its like people who bought it said... sweet and perfect for a baby
gift for Xmas  Bought for Xmas gift. She loved it
Nice  Just what we wanted.
Adorable! Very small, but cute as a button! My son loves his Char Char!
great product  Great product, even refurbished, they were like new, I have owned them for years now and the batteries are still great and the tools are very nice.
Bought for price, love for quality!  I gotta say, the solid $10 price tag made me choose this over the several others on this site. I don't think I could be any happier with my purchase, so I think I made the right choice.  First off, this ships from Hong Kong so if you're expecting to get the option for expedited (fast or two-day) shipping you'll be disappointed, as there's only one shipping option, the standard for about $5. My order said to allow at least one month for delivery, so the expected delivery date was November 5th through the 20th, but as you can see I received it early!  On to the plush itself: it is very well made, general Takara TOMY quality. Like the description says it is indeed very soft and cute, and for the markings on Umbreon it doesn't feel like the cheap tape-like stuff some others would put around it. I only have two complaints. One is that overall it is a bit more gray than I would like but I let that slide because it does depend on the lighting. The second is that the front two paws are sewn together so you can't play with them if you would like; though I suppose if you wanted to you could take a pair of scissors to the thread between the paws.  I was hoping to submit a picture or two to show other buyers who are skeptical, but it doesn't seem I can do that on this review. Just take my word for it then! Umbreon has been one of my favorite Pokmon for a long time and this did it justice :)
LOVE!!!!  My first two kids were obsessed with the buckles on high chairs and car seats. They could sit all day with a car seat buckle and once they figured out how to get it together they would cry because they couldn't get it un done. Now I have my third who is 18 months and was showing interest a few months ago in all the things we had that buckled. I had to pull her away from another moms car seat while we were out one day and she threw such a tantrum. I accidentally found this toy on Amazon one day and on Easter morning it was in her basket. She was instantly in love. The bright colors attract her to it and she can find it when she wants it among the pile of toys in the playroom. She can easily carry it and the material is so soft I have even let her keep it in her bed when she's resting. She hasn't gotten to the point yet of being able to buckle them if they are all open. She has gotten one together a few times but I like the buckles are different for different colors to help. That will help her with color identification as she gets older. I notice if she's not around my 3 year old likes it as well. The buckles on most things he plays with are tough to get apart, like high chairs and car seats. These buckles are easy to clip without getting pinched and to get apart without becoming frustrating. This hasn't become one of the toys she looked at for a while and put aside, this is something that comes with us in the car, to the store (I like clipping it around the cart handle), to a restaurant and even just on the couch. I am so happy I found this and would definitely recommend it if your kids are into buckles like all mine were. Thank you to whoever make this!!! I guess the only thing I would say is that it's kind of pricey for what it is, but the quality is great and the entertainment time it has provided so far is definitely worth it!
Great product and price  Took a while to receive! But great quality.. my little one loooooves it!
Absolutely adorable!
Cute
Rocky is the best!  My daughter loves Rocky! Can't find this plush in stores and it was for a reasonable price! It's very cute and cuddly, she carries it everywhere. Shipping was fast! Got it in 3 days.
Perfect Piglet  Adorable, soft plush Piglet which my 2 year old loves and sleeps with every night.  Would buy again!
Very good thanks too di business with you
Cute! Cute! Cute!  These elves are too cute!! They are much larger than Elf on the Shelf but I am sure to a small child, there will be no difference. I got these for my sister's grandchildren so they can have the whole Elf on the Shelf experience with her. They are brightly colored and appear to be soft and made to hug. Can't wait to hear from her how the kids react. The price was great - she's a senior citizen on a very limited income and to be able to get 2 stuffed elves was too good to be true for her.
It's so cuuuuute!  Bought for my Pokemon-obsessed 7-y-o son, who loves it.  Very cute -- cuter than picture -- and a good quality, durable plush toy.  So much better than the amusement park prize that he'd wanted but we didn't get a chance to win!  Very happy with this purchase.
The girls loved her!
rawr  Love itttt
Adorable  Got these for my 3 year old grandson's birthday and he was so excited when he opened this present!!  They are just the right size for cuddling with and he can tuck one in each arm to carry around or snuggle with in bed!  Perfect gift for the Minion lover!
Item delivered on time, was as described
buckle up!  our 18 month old just loves this toy
Adorable  My granddaughter loves her!
My son loved it! He thought it was realistic.
My daughter loved it.  It also cheered her up as she had a multi broken heel.
Kids love these.  Just as advertised.
Awesome!!!!
its good eye and hand coordination  Well made the baby plays with all the time , its good eye and hand coordination. Only problem is he learned how to unbuckle his chair seat !!!
Great!!!
My granddaughter loves Sven it is a great movie to watch
Adorable!  My daughter loves these! They are all perfect & came as pictured!
Something all the kids are into and came perfectly and was a hit of a Christmas gift.
Perfect sized and soft Ender dragon.  Exactly what my granddaughter was asking for. Came in time for Christmas.
bright and soft to carry around, this is perfect for a two year old who is fascinated with buckles and closures.
Cute  Very cute monkey singing and dancing to the song. Worked just as anticipated and came with two day prime shipping.
I responded already
18 month old loves it!  Our son loves buckles and so this toy was perfect. Very plush and great to snuggle with AND meets his need for an activity toy that he can work with. Great for the car!
Great doll! All around best price.
<div id="video-block-R16TMIP666O0HJ" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Tk-fy7WKS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71X6zx9DIuS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Good plush
A very nice little stuffed animal  Smaller than I expected, but not too small.  It's a much higher quality than I was expecting and I was impressed.
Adorable!!  Even cutier in person. Adorable!!
What a beautiful pigeon doll  What a beautiful pigeon doll!!!  My 18 month old daughter adores it and shows it off to our rescue pigeons all the time. Our pigeons always look at it very closely, because it looks quite lifelike. Highly recommended!!!
Perfect as shown
Great purchase  These little elephants were purchased for a three year old and they are very soft and cuddly.
Looks exactly like Cleffa!  Very cute and well made. Looks exactly like Cleffa!
My nephew loved this. It's fun with just a little bit of creepy.... perfect for a boy.
Great Combo  Perfect item for children who love Dinosaurs and Pokemon.
We Love Pete the Cat!!!  My son loves Pete The Cat!!!
exactly what i wanted!!
my son loved his cookie
Great! Super cute!
A Big Hit!  My grandson actually picked this item out himself.  When it arrived, we were very happy to see that it was exactly as described online.  It's big.  It's bright.  And it washes well.  He's very proud of his Charizard and it's his constant companion.
Great Gift Idea  I hadn't known what to get my friend for her birthday and when I saw this, a long with the Sebastian cow plushie I knew I had found something great. They're cute and pretty well made. They're what I expected as far as fabric and durability is concerned. They arrived quickly and in great condition and they were a smash. If they ever made other Black Butler characters like this I would totally buy them up quick. I mean really... a Grell cow would be awesome! lol.
cute!
Cuddle right up!  Charlie Brown is just the right size to cuddle up with at night.  My five-year-old grandson LOVES Charlie Brown and Woodstock and Snoopy!
My daughter loves it  My 4 year old got this to go with her Rapunzel doll, and she loves it.  It's easily washable which is great for me, and very well constructed!
his name is pancake  i cant sleep without him. absolutely fantastic. soft and super cute!
Great quality.  So plush and comfy! Great quality.
My children love it!
For my doughter  i plan to collect them all my kiddo loves these and futerrama is her favorite show she was so happy when i gave her this doll,this is a perfect gift for a futerrama fan!
SO cute - In great shape - no issues
The baby loves it. She sleeps with the doll every night.
Very satisfied  Excellent quality
Super cute and she carries him around everywhere  My daughter is obsessed! Super cute and she carries him around everywhere. He's become her "security" item :)
Great  Got this for a while and he loves it. It came exactly as described and I'm sure we will use it for many years to come.
Plush Figure Set  Quality plush toys. Little pricey for size, but all of these type of products are around the same price. Overall, good deal.
Super Cute  This is my youngest son's favorite!  He takes him with him everywhere!  It was exactly what he wanted and he was so excited to receive it.  He's a huge Mario Brothers fan!
my son's favorite stuffed animal. very soft
Very satisfied  A+++
Far better than expected  I had searched for a fair while looking for a good plushie and when I found this one i was a bit skeptical about the quality and the like. It was far better than I expected. Bar none the best Fluttershy Ive seen so far. Every detail is just right even the color of her eyes is spot on. Shipping was quick as well. I plan on getting all of the other 4th Dimension ponies I can find now. Id highly recommend this plusie or any other of the 4th Dimension ones. For the price and quality you cant go wrong.
Too cute  All 3 of my kids have loved the Toy Story Movies, the oldest was 2 when it first came out.  My youngest asked Santa for a Bullseye and luckily we found one here.  It is perfect for her and I cannot wait to see her face when she sees what Santa brought. As far as the educational part of the toy, it lets them use their imagination which is a wonderful thing to watch.
DARTHBEAR MAKES LIL BOYS YEAR!  despite the billing snafu....(got billed twice for same item).. it was the HAPPIEST DAY of the autistic lil boy recipients year... HE SMILED AND LAUGHED AND HUGGED IT! THE BEAR WAS PERFECT!
Plush Wolves  Oh, so soft and cute.  Ordered for my great-grand children, and now want one for myself! We had stayed for a few days in a chalet called "Timberwolf" where these wolves were on display.  The kids loved them, and I thought if they each had one it would be a reminder of the time we had spent together.
Soft and loveable!  This is a large stuffed owl and it's awesome!  Soft and well made it is weighted slightly she stands up nicely.  Has been spit up on, gnawed on and  been through the wash several times and is still in great shape!
buy this  Little girl loved it.  It is her new 'favorite' until of course she gets something else she likes better ;)
Cute prop for science fair project
To see how happy she was with it was worth it  I purchased this as a birthday present for my niece. To see how happy she was with it was worth it. It looked extremely well made and is very soft
The children got bored with it quickly  Item arrived in a timely manner and worked well. The children got bored with it quickly.
nice
Well.made  Nicely made my granddaughter loves this plush toy carries it everywhere and is holding up nicely
saved the day  We got this for my daughter when we were in Disney.  My daughter left it out when we were at home and our dog chewed the nose off.  She was heartbroken until I was able to find this one on Amazon.  This was exactly like the one that was ruined by our dog, it even came in an offical Disney plastic bag.
Buddies...  He is so CUTE !!! Gave it to my grandson with Sven in they're Easter basket. Got the smaller one for grandson #2. Made for GREAT bunnies especially since they are boys. They sit with them while watching the video.
great quality!
Cute and smell good  Adorable and smell sweet. Was disappointed to see them at the dollar store for a dollar...but still a great deal on Amazon and the kids loved them.
This is one of my most favorite Pokmon, anything Meowth said was funny  Meowth, that's right! This is one of my most favorite Pokmon, anything Meowth said was funny! 
So Cute!  This little guy is just the right size and so incredibly sized. I thought he was going to be a lot smaller.
My step daughter loved it
Very nice quality  Just as pictured!  My 3-year-old loves it!
Kid loves it
Quality was great!  Quality was great!
Cute!!!  He is SO CUTE I LOVE HIM! He looks exactly like the photo, except maybe the tail is just SLIGHTLY flatter? It's hard to tell in the photos. Either way. LOVE LOVE LOVE. (Squirtle is my favourite.)
Great quality and cheapest price here  Minecraft fanatic daughter loves this.  The price here is absolutely the best.  The local big toy store sells this for 3x the price
excellent find
I should have order more  This item is to cute.
Super soft and great size  Cute cute cute! Super soft and great size!!!
Love it  I loved it, right size, soft and good quality
Great size and super soft  My daughter was in love with this Elmo plush the second I took it out of the box. He's a great size and his fur is so soft! Definitely reccomend this product. It's worth every penny!!!!
My daughter loved it.  Cute little toy. My daughter loved it.
easy to understand  Exactly what my two year old wanted! Says a few different phrases, easy to understand. Perfect size.
Super cute!  Bought this for my son, he absolutely loves it! It's small enough for a 5 year old to carry anywhere and everywhere. It plays just enough of the song to NOT get on a parents nerves :) lol. I'd highly recommend this product!
Big Hit!  Everybody loves Bender! Put this in my husband's Christmas stocking; it was a big hit!
She loved it!  Perfect Easter gift for our own 5 yr old princess
Bought as a Christmas Gift. It's very cute and well made. The kid liked the box I wrapped it in more than the toy but he's a one year old. So, that's to be expected. Lol. I still recommend this item.
Great Find  Great gift for my Minecraft crazy little girl! Awesome price!
Mozart Doll Little Thinker  Just love the Little thinker dolls have a couple of them made well the price is right & I would order again
Extremely satisfied with the item, and delivery was within specified shceduled times
Perfect Cuddly Pooh Bear  My toddler loves Pooh, and this is the perfect cuddly Pooh Bear for him. Good size, SO SOFT, and has totally stood up to above-average abuse from my almost 2 year old. Highly recommend this for the Pooh lover in your home.
Met my expectations!
Great size for the price , decently made and my toddler loves them . All around win
minion toys  adorable
Daughter loves it. Small but we'll made.
this thing is funny and my daughter loves it  lol.....this thing is funny and my daughter loves it!
My grandson was totally excited about the Paw Patrol great for Christmas
... birthday he didn't care for any other gifts he loved it.  My nephew is a huge batman fan so when I got him this for his birthday he didn't care for any other gifts he loved it.
Van Gogh  I .am an Art docent and want to inspire the love of art with my grandchildren.  This doll and the accompanying book cause many questions and a lot of interest in his artwork and life.
My gift for every baby  This gloworm is every baby's favorite gift...Alll that I give this to say the child stays with this over a year and it gets turned on when the parents leave the room. You can monitor how long you want it to play and it has a warm soft glow which is soothing to the baby....Ordering it through amazon is a pleasure...You can pick the color you want, pink or blue or the green/blue and that is great for a shower gift without knowing the sex of the child....Everyone that I give it to always makes it a point to contact me and tell me the success of it....
Five Star Purchase  I rated it five stars because it was a smooth transaction and I am very satisfied with the product. He is very hard to find, so I was thrilled to find him. He was easy to order and he came within five days. Large Head is just what it means. His nice big pillow head is perfect for sleeping on.
I love my gall bladder  These are sooooo cute I love this one and I have the brain! I have always loved anything stuffed and cuddly. To cute!!!
Great
Super cute and soft! Great price!  At first I was skeptical to buy this since there were no other reviews, however I'm really glad I did! I couldn't find this anywhere else for such a good price!! Its super cute and soft. It came pretty quickly, and the seller even left a little thank you note with a smiley face! They also threw in some little velcro straps that say "Hook and Loop" at the top, that appear to help keep wires from getting tangled together. That was like a little bonus gift! 5 stars because of how happy this made my sister when she saw the cute note along with the super adorable plush! Definitely recommend to any Spirited Away fan!!
Granddaughter loved it
but great. she will be very happy with this  smaller than expected, but great. she will be very happy with this.
Kids say "Like it a lot"  It's not the glow worm we grew up with, but it's a certified of two toddlers. Soft, not too loud, and simple toy. My daughter says that her favorite part is the music.
these are great!  These were absolutely hilarious!!!! I got them for my boyfriend for x-mas last year. He put them on immediately and still wears them! They were slightly akward to walk in because the 'toes' were kinda long, but perfect for puttin around the house. They were adult size (no specific size)far too big for a child. Overall, one of the best presents I have ever gotten him!!
Nostalgic and great gift idea
just like the pic!
Very, very cute. Also seems well made.
Well made and looks exactly as pictured
... going to get this for me sasuke is my favorite naruti character when I got this for my birthday ...  I got this for my daughter  when she saw it she almost died sasuke is her favorite character and she is obsessed with the naruto series
These toys are so cute and perfect for small children  These toys are so cute and perfect for small children. I am so happy with the quality as well as the price. Great item.
Love him  I absolutely love my minion. He was exactly as described and I think he is awesome. If you have a minion lover I completely recommend this.
Adorable!  My niece loved this! Good size & very cute.
Horton is adorable  Horton is my favorite Dr. Seuss character.  This one is nice because he's not too big.  We got him to use atop the diaper cake for the baby shower, and he will be a nice size for the baby afterward.
I <3 CozyMonster  He's one of my favorite uglies!  I think the uglies are great for kids (not every toy needs to look like Barbie & Ken), and even better for "adults" (the category I place myself in).  But don't just buy CozyMonster, be sure to buy a couple other uglies so that he's not lonely!  May I suggest: Ugly:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/UglyDoll-Uglydog-Red-12-Inch/dp/B000BSNICI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">UglyDoll Uglydog Red 12-Inch</a> Pugly:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ugly-Doll-Classic-Uglydog-Pink/dp/B000BSHVS0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ugly Doll Classic Uglydog, Pink</a>
Great toy!  I bought this for my son's 2nd birthday. I think it is great, it's perfect size so he can carry it around where ever he goes and he loves it! The body of the Elmo is stuffed with stuffing but the butt of him has beads in it which is nice because it helps him sit nicely on a table or shelf. The Elmo is super soft, but I've noticed some of the fur does fall out and you'll find little red fuzzes around the house but with a fuzzy stuffed animal and a two year old, what can you expect. All in all my son and I are very happy with it!
Awesome Uglydoll! The material and construction look great and it is beyond cute.
Great buckle toy  Great buckle toy.  It also does more than just buckles, it has a zipper, colors and numbers.  Cute educational toy.  My granddaughter loves to play with it.
Amazing!  It arrived within it's time, it is in perfect condition, and the quality is surprisingly durable and soft. 5/5.
Totally satisfied!
Can you drop off a foxy stuffy at 164 Chapman Close SE Calgary please  I liked the foxy stuffy so can you drop it off at 164 Chapman Close SE Calgary please
My son really enjoyed getting this.  It arrived on time and made a nice gift.
These are the best ever.  The invention of the green pan has been the best idea in cooking. These pans clean up so nice that it even enjoyable to burn stuff. That is right burning anything on these pans does not lead to scouring and tennis elbow. They simply almost just wipe clean. You will not regret buying any of these new pans.
Perfect for my 2yr old:-) Bought this last Christmas and she's still carrying her around:-)
Absolutely adorable! Perfect on top of a diaper cake my wife made for baby shower.
Beautiful
Cool  Was kinda surprised how much bigger it was vs the picture. My kids loved it being huge mario fans.  The only drawback was that the shipping took forever, we actually forgot we even ordered the dang thing before it finally showed up.
Very happy. Looks better than the picture.
Adorable Timmy plush! looks great paired with Tom Nook and Timmy :) <3
Adorable, well made, and safe for baby!  How sweet!  Its so nice to find organic toys that are cute and not overly new-age looking.  Baby isn't here yet, but his bee toy did get washed and it held up perfectly in my frontload washer and dryer.
Another excellent plush from the Pokmon Center!  Item is fantastic for any Pikachu fan! Soft, high quality, and makes an excellent shelf piece or toy!  Admittedly, the plush is sort of small (around 7 inches tall or so), but many of the Pokmon Center plushes are, so it was expected. However, there's something that the plushes from the Pokmon Center have that many other brands don't have: quality. These plushes are excellently made, and feel like they won't fall apart easily, almost as impressive as TY, but even more collectable (and valuable in the long run, unlike most TY)!  Overall, it's an excellent plush that I'd recommend to any Pokmon or Pikachu fan!
Perfect
wonderful  My little Disney fan is the happiest boy around. So I am glad I found these 2 things for him on amazon. We could not find them at the Disney Store.
Built well! Pokemon fans will love it!  Bought this for my grandson for his birthday, along with tons of other Pokemon items. He loves it! He actually loves plush items and plays with them. This is built well and not cheaply made. Your Pokemon fan will love it!
cuddle and just like her favorite movie  My Granddaughter has not put it down since Christmas.  Soft, cuddle and just like her favorite movie !  Great present for a young Granddaughter.
loved
Like it
LOVE IT!!!!  Two words: SO. ADORABLE. I absolutely love love love SAO and this is great!!!! Kirito is so freaking cute! I don't have a single bad thing to say about this purchase. It came on time, it looks the way it does in the picture, there's nothing that needs fixing...it's perfect!!!
This Rabbit was in perfect condition, I always loved the stories of Peter Rabbit, and it wouldn't be Easter, without him. Made my Grand daughter very happy,  He will sit on her shelf or many years to come, and hopefully be passed down to her Children. Thank-you!
Guaranteed to bring a squeal of delight...  I purchased this cutie for my grand--daughter who loves sloths and she adores this one! He or she (?) hangs from a line that her Dad strung up above the bed when she's not playing with him (her).
Best silver plush ever made  This is the best silver plush there is it's  amazing I fell trying to open outside my house thank you GE .
Love my plushes
My great niece loves it
big hit at Christmas  my 2 and almost 4 yr old grandkids thought these were FAN-tastic and have been sleeping with them since Christmas.
My kids love it!  So cute. So soft. My kids love it!
Kid just loved it
Purchased for niece for Christmas.  Big hit!
Perfect
My Co-Workers Love This Chewie!  Every time I move him around he does his classic Wookie growl... and my co-workers crack up. Making people smile and laugh. Can't ask for more!
Awesome!  It came smaller than I thought it would be, but it was my fault for not paying attention to the size. But still, this is very cute to look at and squeeze every now and then. One of my favorite Ugly Dolls. I also like the little snippet of info on the tag it came with.
Very cuddly and cute. Definitely happy with my purchase and would purchase more plush toys of this style from Douglas (they also make a Corgi and a German Shepherd like this).
Humphrey Plush Toy  Very sweet and plump.  A lovely little stuffed elephant.
Lovely Lion Plush - Nice Size  This plush lion was even better in person than in the photo.  I was hesitant to buy this without actually seeing it in person but was so happy when it arrived.  The fur is extremely soft and plush and clearly very high quality in every detail.  Just adorable!
adorable
A real hit.
Perfect gift for our Grandson! He loves Tec! Thanks again for the quick delivery time!   Larry R
it was a gift
Perfect  Everyone in my household loves this, and it is super soft.
Great gift
Amazing Plush!  Perfect for any portal fan, it's perfect sized with great quality and is super soft, and arrived quickly, for $20, you can't beat it!
My 3-year old Grandson's favorite stuffed toy ever  My 3-year old Grandson's favorite stuffed toy ever.  He's had it 3 weeks, and so far it is holding up well.  Despite all the "realistic" claws and spines, it is soft enough for him to sleep with.
This product exceeded my expectations.
Works well  Granddaughter loves it. No unlikes
and they love it.  That is gift for my friend's kid, and they love it.
It was good as expected.
Waahhh  He's-a Waluigi, numbah one.
Loved by my niece!  My 16m niece loves this Elmo, it was a real hit for Christmas - ended up being one of her favorite toys!
she loved ut, thanks  got it for a friend, she loved ut, thanks!
He is quite despicable, but lovable.
Everyone loves playing with it!  The kids insisted we had to buy a Christmas present for the cat... It ended up being everyone's favorite gift! Imagine empty boxes and wrapping paper everywhere, lots of carefully chosen gifts that suit each person perfectly, and we're all squealing with laughter as our cat chases this thing around the room. Once the drone was charged and the million tiny Calico Critters parts were unpacked, the kids transitioned over to those but kept coming back to this cheap remote control mouse!
Toooooooo good
Adorable  Cutest plushy, superb quality
Cute!!!!!  These are the cutest things! My four year old grandson loves Ben and Holly. He carries them everywhere and sleeps with them now. They each say a few things and he likes that.
Lexar and Nikon D-1  [Have always been pleased with Lexar products and this is no exception. I've resurrected my original Nikon digital. It still remains a reliable workhorse aided by my Lexar CompactFlash.
Cute!  Cute little fox, absolutely adorable, I love the little guy, it's a great stuffed animal! I got it in the mail today and the guy is just great! soft, fuzzy, and just the most snuggable thing.
pretty cool  the matietial was amazing loved the color too. only complaint is the shape it showed up wierd and kinda deformed but I fixed it pretty quick
awesome  Great price... faster delivery than expected..grand daughter loved it!
Much loved in our house!  My daughter loves Elmo and this doll is the perfect size for her to carry everywhere. He is easy to spot clean and did fine in the dryer on low heat.
EXACTLY what I EXPECTED  I was looking for a "taggies" item to get my baby grandson. I LOVE the IDEA of taggies on toys but I never see any that I think are CUTE. This toy is absolutely ADORABLE. It arrived on time along with all of the other goodies I purchased from Amazon and I am completely satisfied. I know this "cow" will be a favorite of my grandson's.
Just like the picture!  My daughter LOVES this plush doll! Just like seen in the picture, would recommend!
Great.  Got this for a little girl for her first Christmas. She loves it!
Plush yet firm costume weapon or kids toy.  The plush sword is awesome.   It's also not blue as show here.   It looks like a normal silver sword color with blue handle and a moderately flexible center rod throughout.  Firm and flexible. Long enough for the effect without being burdensome to carry.  Plush sword fights make Stabbing and Slicing pain free fun.
Gift  It was a gift. The recipient loves it!!! It's decently made.
love it!!! :)
Love it!  I'm going to attach it to a baby's crib mobile!  It makes 3 fun sounds and matches other start wars plush characters that I have.
perfect color
Perfect  Soft eyes and material. Perfect size
so cute
authenic and adorable  cuddly pet that is as puggy as a pug friend can be!! love it!
Good  Great to put on someones desk that had a deer vs car accident
... first one second hand and my son is IN LOVE with his Tiger  We bought our first one second hand and my son is IN LOVE with his Tiger, so we lucked out getting a second one since I couldn't pick which design we got ( tiger, frog, monkey, or elephant ). Super cute and fun, very entertaining for my 4month old.
Sony DVDs  I'm very satisfied with my new Sony DVDs. I look forward to ordering them again (when needed). Thank you very much!
5 out of 5 stars. Would sploosh again.  5 out of 5 stars.  Would sploosh again.
The hardest one to find, and I caught the Snitch!  I chose my rating because of all the NECA Harry P[otter plushies, this is the most difficult one to find. Believe me when I say that it was worth the effort! If you're a fanatic about Harry Potter, and you collect plushies, this is a must have! The price and shipping charges were quite reasonable, and it was shipped rather quickly, too.
really adorable and affordable
Cute  I bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  It is soft and she loves to cuddle with it while she sleeps.
great quality, my fianc loved  Just as image depicted.  great quality, my fianc loved it
Very very cute. Exactly as advertised.
Kyle  I got Kyle for Christmas.  As soon as I opened the box we all cracked up laughing.  He looks mean, vicious, adorable and lovable all rolled into one.  He is very soft and well made.  Intricate,  Well worth the money.  If you like stuffed animals you won't regret buying this little guy.
as described. very colorful andhasd a quality feel
my granddaughter loves it
Great little toy  Great little toy.
Looks exactly like the pokemon it is supposed to, good quality for material and color. SMALL in size!
Everything works perfect! And I love it.
Super-Sized Psychic Kitty! Meowstic Rules!!   Meowstic is just too awesome! It (along with its pre-evolution, cute lil Espurr) is one of the BEST feline Pokemon ever! Meowstic is based on the legendary mystical two-tailed "Nekomata" cat of Japanese folklore, and also the Scottish Fold cat breed. Being a major cat lover and feline enthusiast, I am absolutely CRAZY for Meowstic, and its male form is my favourite. When these massive large-size Meowstic plushies were released at the Japan Pokemon Center around the end of Spring 2014, I just had to import both the male and female versions, and it was so worth it! Together, the two forms of Meowstic are like Yin and Yang.  This giant Meowstic plushie is the male form, so his body is covered in mostly deep cerulean-blue fur, with some white patches here and there (a white tuft on his forehead, white striped ears, a fuzzy white ruff around his neck, white tail stripes, and white tips on his feet and paws). He is in a standing position (as this mysterious psychic cat Pokemon stands upright on two feet like a biped, unlike normal quadrupedal cats); however, the plush cannot stand up on its own. He looks very sophisticated, classy, and intelligent, with his fancy fluffy white neck ruff/mane that resembles a scarf, lovely striped voluminous blue and white tails, and endearingly stoical facial expression. The quality of this plush is astounding, which is to be expected from the Pokemon Centers stellar products. He is very durable, well-constructed, 100% accurate to the design of the actual Pokemon, stuffed to "purrfection", and HUGE (a bit more than 17 inches in height). He is SUPER soft and squishy (like a pillow), and absolutely "purrfect" for cuddling and hugging. He has a cute little plump tummy, and a graceful shape. The high-quality fabric is minky and sublimely soft to the touch. His facial features are embroidered expertly; he has almond-shaped cyan-blue eyes with big ovular greenish pupils, a small black triangle-shaped nose, and a stoical expression. The white tuft on his forehead is very soft, and his long ears are folded, similar to the ears of a Scottish Fold cat.  His two large and magnificent striped tails are stuffed and stitched together as if they are one big bushy tail; for some reason the top part of the tails are attached to the far left side of the back of his head by a very thick thread (probably so they don't flop around due to their length and heaviness), so they stick out on the left side of the plush and are quite immovable. If you don't ever plan on hugging this plush toy (I don't see why anyone wouldn't want to, unless you plan on keeping it mint) this probably will not be a problem -- but otherwise, it is a bit of an annoyance, because you cannot move the large tails and they tend to get in the way. I personally have decided to detach the one thread attaching the tails to the back of his head to make the tails movable, and to make the plush more huggable; so now the tails flop a little because they are heavy and voluminous, but I do not mind this, and now I can more easily wrap my arms around him. (Note: if you decide to cut the thread attaching the tails to the back of this plushies head and make them movable, be very careful not to cut into the plush, as the thread is extremely thick and pretty difficult to remove; but when properly done, the plush looks just fine after this thread has been detached, and does not make much of a difference at all).  I love this plushie so much! "Cosmo the Meowstic" (as I call him) is among my top favourites within my growing family of Pokemon plushies. My heart feels warm with joy when I hug him tight, and I am comforted when I hold this super-soft Meowstic plushie close and drift to sleep. I highly recommend this very special large and cuddly Meowstic plushie to serious Meowstic fans, and cat lovers of all ages!
very well made and so cute.
My daughter loved it  Very satisfied
So adorable  My son loves dogs (he's a toddler) & I needed to get him one, & he loves his Blue. It's very well made & can withstand his tantrums & the like. He also loves biting her on the nose (? I don't know why).
Just as I had hoped  I ordered this as a gift for a 2 year old. It's soft and cuddly and was immediately recognized & loved by the child. Perfect gift!
GRAND DAUGHTER LOVED THIS!
good
good
Minions are the Best!  I love the minions.  They and the littlest girl are my favorite characters in the movies.  They are so cute, and so is the story.
I love it so much  I love it so much!  I bought it for my daughter who carries the broccoli friend around everywhere.  I sort of hope she doesn't care for it so I can keep it for myself.  :)
Interactive Elmo  Interactive toy. Works great and my daughter loves it
Good tool
Chaaaaaarmaaaander!  My Pokemon obsessed 6 year old LOVES it. The perfect size to cuddle under your chin at night.
Lve this toy!  Love this toy! I bought this for my 1 year old grand daughter she loves to do buckles! It is a nice size for her to handle, the colors are great! and it is very soft! I cant wait to give this to her for Christmans :)
He will love it. He's got about 12 stuffed turtles but non like this one
Thank and love the product
Charming Chameleon  Cute, soft, good representation of Rapunzel's friend.  This was a gift for a big Tangled fan, 5 year old, and she LOVED him.
Nothing but fun!! :-)  My 3 year old got this for Christmas this year (almost 6 weeks ago) and she still plays with it everyday! The app for the ipad let's the Furby interact with the ipad and she has a blast!
Very cute  Work for what I needed it for
A product that brings lots of smiles and conversation!  Every time I use this I get a laugh and the question of where can they get one!  From a product standpoint, it's one of the folded kinds so I can slip it in my purse and carry it with me.  It's just a fun saying that makes me laugh, so 5 stars!
great  this product was great and i will recommend to all people to shop at this store you will like thanks
Happy little boy!  My grandson loved it...so cute!
Granddaughter loved it. She requested it after having visited Disney.
best baby toy  I use this to help my son who needs to learn to sleep turning his head to both sides and not just leaning his head to one side.  I just put the glow mode on for him to look at and he goes to sleep in the directions that the toy is in.  It is a good distraction for him as well when I put him down - he does not cry so much when he sees is little glow friend.
Hes perfect...my daughter tries to steal him often   Hes perfect!
I love this toy  I love this toy. I bought it for my 18 month old and she loves it. It is a great toy to have in the car and in the diaper bag for when you are in a waiting room or restaurant.
perfect  My daughter loves them thank you
Awesome detail.  This plush was awesome! It has great detail, it came a week early, and it was a perfect price! I'd recommend it for a kids gift, or if you are a Mario fan, like me.
Definitely a winner  I bought the entire baby first plush collection as a Christmas present for my daughter. I was originally only looking for Vocabularry since he is pretty much her favorite. She absolutely loved getting Larry, Harry, Rainbow Horse and the others, so when I saw Tec the Tractor pop up in my recommendations I knew i had to get him.  I didn't tell her that Tec was coming because I wanted it to be a surprise. When he arrived I opened it up and said, "look who it is" and I've never seen her eyes light up the way that they did. Definitely worth the rediculous price that they charge for some fabric and stuffing that's been sewn together..
<div id="video-block-RQG0DY5N3UI0D" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1FcjzXEDuS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71gnI4R68US.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Keeps my kid entertained in bath
soft and fluffy,I gave this for baby i nanny and she loves it
Gift Recipient Loved it!
Baby loves his Elmo  Soft, cuddly, easy to clean. Thank you!
It's was for my little cousins birthday and she loves it!
I could never find a good Waluigi toy even though he is the best character  This is exactly what i have been looking for for years. I could never find a good Waluigi toy even though he is the best character! "Ima goona win!"
Eyelashes are the best!  Was a gift--Darling and soft.  Eyelashes are the best!
Awesome for that little one that loves planes!  This is a fun soft toy for the 2-3 year old that loves airplanes.  I gave this as a gift and it was loved by the little guy who got it.  Easy to handle, no sharp points and who doesn't love the blue angels!!!!
A must have for your Star Wars collection!  Simply adorable!
It's a dumb little Teostra and I love everything  It's a dumb little Teostra and I love everything.  It's probably the cheapest of the monster hunter plushies to be honest, probably because no one wants to relive the horror of being blasted by a supernova and getting triple carted instantly.
2 years later and its still in perfect shape
It was perfect!!!
Love it
Minions!  These guys are adorable! They don't have anything on the outside like noses, buttons or glasses, so the smooth finish is safer for young children and pets.
Great gift  Exactly as pictured, delivered on time
Great Quality  Great quality and the kids love it. Better than average construction and materials. This plush is a high quality toy.
Nice toy
My wife loves this thing. it has a permanent spot on her pillow.
She loved it.  This was a small gift I bought for my girlfriend. She loved it.
Unique plush  This was the perfect gift for a 5 year old who loves Cuttlefish!
This is great for learning and just snuggling.
Bought this for my baby girl,  Bought this for my baby girl, she loves it the blanket is so soft and kuromi is bigger than I expected
Item as described.
love it  my baby sleeps with him evry nigth just like i did when i was a child to bad cant find mostly any braney things nowdays
The little boy loved  very cute and cuddly. The little boy loved them
gift
Super cute! Great Quality!
My nephew loves it!!
I only buy Panasonic cordless  Panasonic cordless drills are incredibly well made.  I have beaten my pair nearly to death.  Several years ago I left mine on the roof accidentally over the winter, for several months of rain and snow.  When the snow melted, there it was, and it has worked perfectly for years since.  There are a lot of less expensive, excellent cordless drills out there.  If you want the best--the best made; the best heft; the best size-power ratio--I recommend this drill.
Great quality!
Great  My little girls loves her Kanga and Roo.  That is all that matters.
Highly recommend for 18mo-2.5ish  This is great for my almost-two year old. He plays with it in the car and is able to buckle and unbuckle all of the straps.
My son loves it
Thumbs up
3 <  Bought it for my girlfriend and she loved it.  don't lay on the snout it hurts lay on the legs or stomach
Athena's pup toy  This pup toy is so cute and cuddly. I love its cute sounds and how its head and paws turn. Please buy it for children that you love. It is the best!! p.s. I am seven years old.
Humphrey now holds a place of honor in the nursery awaiting the arrival of my grandson  This was a perfect purchase for my "not here yet" "new to be born" Grandson. I originally purchased a similar one from another store it had sharp edges and plastic embedded within the fabric for stability.  This was not safe for my Grandson. So I immediately returned it & purchased Humphrey.  I my daughter-in-law loved it.  Humphrey now holds a place of honor in the nursery awaiting the arrival of my grandson.
My 2 yr old  acts out the movie in the car with this doll. She does "Elsa's let it go dance" and she makes the doll dance has not put it down yes.
k
the shmoo of pans  I bought this saucier after a sugar sauce I was making in a cheaper pan turned to carbon. It does sauces wonderfully well, as I would expect from this Kitchenaid line. It heats evenly, is nicely balanced, and the rounded interior is perfect for a balloon wisk or wooden spoon. If you're used to a copper saucier or a thinner pan, expect to throw a little extra heat on this one to keep it up to temperature. The pan also has more heat capacity than copper, so for a very delicate egg-based sauce I would still use a double boiler or a real french copper saucier, since taking the pan off heat doesn't immediately take it off boil. For other stuff it's wonderful - the shape of the pan reduces stock beautifully, the heat capacity and distribution is comparable to my leCreuset soup pots (without the weight), and the Kitchenaid handles and lids are a joy to work with. Oddly enough, I've also found that the shape is perfect for artichokes - two or three will nestle in the pan without falling over, and the deep-draw lid means you can put a scant inch of water in the pan and gently steam the chokes for a good 20 minutes without the pan going dry. The blindingly polished convex lid also makes a good makeup or shaving mirror, for those last minute touch-ups before your dinner guests arrive. :-).
super cute ears are hard
Plush Eeyore Simply the Best  My children love these plush Disney toys.  We have the Tigger, the Pooh, and the Eeyore of this type (I have 3 kids) and they are all very well made and VERY soft.  The quality and softness of the plush material sets them apart from other stuffed Pooh and friends toys.  The Eeyore is especially cute and nice because his tail is attached but also has a Velcro bit so it can "come off" like the real Eeyore (but won't get lost actually, because of the permanent string attaching it).  I would highly recommend these Disney Pooh Corner stuffed animals for little kids.  They're very nice, and very cuddly.
So sweet to sleep  Kids love and help them sleep!
My hubs call sign is Gru and this was a perfect addition to our home  This is stinking cute and just as described! My hubs call sign is Gru and this was a perfect addition to our home. Li was surprised as it is a lot softer than I was expecting it to me!
Precious  This darling plush toy is a wonderful accompaniment to the Llama Llama books!  Well worth the purchase!  Highly recommend it.
love it  cute nice toy great for thoses black bulter fans out there and great for any gift or day and it's cute
Great Elmo doll  Soft, durable elmo doll of the perfect size at a price I haven't seen that could be matched that my 2yr old just loves to carry around
GREAT
Super cute and cuddly  A Big Hit with my granddaughters! Super cute and cuddly.
I love it also my son love it
my son loves it  well made with soft eyes, not hard plastic like a lot of other dolls.  A must for any elmo fan!
Good workmanship.  This was a Christmas present for my daughter....she was totally surprised that she couldn't stop smiling. Good workmanship.
A Mini Mickey review  These are very cute. Not very plush or soft, more for displaying than playing with (if giving them to kids), but great for collectors.
My sister loved it. Would purchase it again  Shipped on time. It was the same as the picture. My sister loved it. Would purchase it again.
Great  Great toy love it very cute
Dragonvale is more fun with Sparkey!  Baby fire dragon, went over very big with my Granddaughter. We each have Dragonvale app and Enjoy game even more with Sparky.
its my sons favorite plushie by far! thx so much!
Cute and educational  Adorable.  This is a gift for my boyfriend and I know he will love it.  I love that it makes authentic sounds
Great gift  My nephew loves tractors and for his 2nd birthday I asked him what he wanted and he told me "Tractor Baby" so this Otis came to live with him and he loves it.
perfect  Highly satisfied. Excellent quality. No damage. Timely delievery. Exactly what I had invisioned when I set out to buy an Elmo for my daughter.
it was a gift for my nephew (5) and  he absolutely loves it!
Nice
Cute Charmander  Some of the reviews on here had me worried but he ended up being better than I expected based on those! The one I got was actually bigger than the advertised 4.5" and he doesn't look deformed or anything, so I'd consider that a win. The one I got has an open mouth which I thought looks kind of weird at first but it's grown on me.
Best Eevee plushi hands down!  Received it and was very pleased with the quality, feel and look. My daughter was extremely happy. If your looking for top notch Eevee plushi's for a gift or collect, then this place has them. I believe the wait was about 3 weeks, not bad.
always pleased with purchases made on amazon
Awesome plush  So cute! She loved it. Authentic Disney.
Fun  This is a soft fun doll with pull apart parts that remain connected.  Would recommend for zombie crazed adults and older kids.
This one seem better constructed than the first one we received  My 17 month old grand baby loves it!  She likes to sit on Elmo's lap and look through books.  This one seem better constructed than the first one we received. Would order again.
Great for gifts  I got this for my girlfriend that is a big animal crossing fan. It's a bit expensive, but it's good quality.
Excellent
Perfect size for a toddler
Big for a Beanie Baby! :)  This is adorable and so much BIGGER than I expected -- for a Beanie Baby, I expected tiny! My baby loves it and that's all that matters. 
This was a hit for my 3 yr old grandson. He is a huge Brown fan.
Very soft and holds up well to much laundering.
my son loves it
Cuttteeee!!!
Favorite Bedfellow  A favorite bedfellow for my grandchild!  Soft and high quality.
Its been nice to bond over digimon with her  Bought this as a gift for my younger sister. Its been nice to bond over digimon with her :) She loves the plushie and keeps it in her bed. It doesn't have her tail ring though fyi
Perfect sleeo elmo  My son love his tickle me Elmo and his ABC elmo, I wasn't sure I wanted to let him sleep with either of those since they have hard eyes. This soft elmo is the perfect sleep elmo. He is the gund elmo, as described He is soft, not too big, his arms and legs contain beads but hes still very cuddly. Now he lives in my sons crib, where they both seem to be getting along great.
How cute is this!  When I first saw Boo I immediately fell in love! I bought this and a couple of his books for my grandson. I love them!
I love them.  This doll sits on my desk with my other dolls at work, I love them. :)
DRUMS! DRUMS! DRUMS!  Oh my God, where do I begin?? Just looking at Animal makes me laugh. Amazon asks me, "did this meet my expectations?" They better consider adding about 20 more stars so the world can accurately understand how it exceeds my expectations.  If you love muppets, and love Animal, plush Animal is just too fun of a thing to have sitting on random furniture, bookshelves, etc.  Plush muppets have to be the only toy that, in depicting a character from something, is actually just making the character itself. A puppet muppet, is just a muppet!  Peace. love. DRUMS.
A fun addition  Definitely a must have for the Monster fan. I love this guy
A++++  It was as the picture showed and awesome as could be!! My daughter LOVED it!!!
Hop into your heart  Ordered this as a gift for my 89 year old mother who just loves Beatrix Potter items.  She just loved this Peter Rabbit.  Well made and authentic.  Made HER day, as well as mine !
Made a wonderful gift
My Cuddly Yoshi!!!  Ok, I will most definitely say that this Yoshi is the perfect size, softness, and durability, I've had mine for well over a year and it still looks as adorable as when I unwrapped him on Christmas in 2011. There is only one issue I have with this Yoshi- My boyfriend likes him too and I often wake up in the morning to find him hugging it! So I am breaking down and getting him his own Yoshi as a belated Easter gift, can't go wrong there!!!
abby wand - great toy  wanted this for my daughter as a toy for her, but also as party of her Halloween costume, so cute
This is the softest sweetest dog. Almost wanted to keep for myself.
Great  It was a gift.  Great product
Love him  Love him, soft, looks like a dog I had.
I like it very much thank you
Cute and well packed quality stuffed no fringes
my princess loving it.
This is adorable! My 7 month old twin nieces love it  This is adorable!  My 7 month old twin nieces love it!
Fast shipping
Nice memory toy from my childhood.
They look just like the picture  VERY CUTE.They look just like the picture. Sure they took a little while to receive them, but they had to travel a long way via mail. For the price a little wait is OK. If you need them faster , go buy they somewhere else for 3 times the price.
MY GREAT GRANDSON JUST LOVED IT. THANK YOU.
Son loves it.  My son payed for this with his allowance money. He carry's it everywhere. Seems to be holding up well so far.
My son loves his new Bubble Puppy! Out was a great price, and i received it in a timely manner. Super
An Awesome Plush!  When I heard that Sanei released plushes of the 7 Koopalings from the Mario games, I seriously just had to acquire them along with my Bowser plush. Lemmy, Iggy, and Larry are my 3 most favorite Koopalings and I thought I don't want to get them because of the high prices. I was just like okay why not. Larry is an awesome plush, very well-detailed from his blue star on the side of his head and rockin' blue hair and it's just superb quality period. Any fan of Larry Koopa has just got to get this plush, and I just love it!
Exactly as described and arrived on time!
Saaaaaassssukeeeee!!!!!  So cute, if you're a true fan you need this.
Great Buy  I was with my granddaughter back in August at a Disney Store. We had not seen any of the Elena collection yet. We both saw Skylar at the same time! We picked him up and played with him for a long time. I got it for her for Christmas and needless to say ,she was thrilled!
Just Righ  Bought this for my puppy and he loves it.
Amazing!  This is so adorable and realistic looking! I got it for my nieces 2nd birthday and she was terrified at first, but she quickly warmed to him. His name is SloMo and he is the guardian of her crib.
So cute!  Such a cute little plush toy! Was a birthday present for a little kid that asked for a blue angel!
fun
Different yet adorable!!!  I believe that different sometimes is good!!! I proved it at my 8 year old's birthday party, this Ugly dolls are different  but everyone loved them!!! You should see their colorful plates, balloons, and other products they have, children love them!!!
Me son hasn't been happier
When Guinea Pigs Fly!  This is probably the best Patamon plushie you could ever hope for! I have quite a few favourite Digimon, such as Gatomon the angelic cat, Kudamon the electronic ferret, Terriermon the feisty lop-eared rabbit -- and particularly Patamon the adorable winged guinea pig. I remember watching episodes of the first series of the Digimon anime cartoon as a child, and I always loved cute lil Patamon. Patamon is like the "Pikachu" of Digimon  an adorable, lovable, memorable little rodent-like critter you can never seem to forget. I remember my excitement as a kid when I got the small four-inch Patamon plushie from Dairy Queen; I carried it around with me everywhere. Digimon plushies are pretty scarce nowadays due to the popularity of the series plummeting, and the official Digimon plushie imports from Japan are ridiculously expensive to buy online; so when I found that the unofficial yet stellar OnlyFactory brand had created a large Patamon plushie, I couldn't resist ordering one to relive my childhood memories. This plushie exceeded my expectations  it is simply wonderful!  Although unofficial, this Patamon plush is professionally made, super-high quality, very durable, perfectly sized, and incredibly detailed. It is a work of art and a lovely cuddly toy, great for any child or collector. The design is 100% accurate to the real Patamon, with vibrant colours and all. The material is very soft and high-quality minky, and the plush is stuffed to medium firmness, making it not too squishy, but not too firm  right in the middle, so it is both cuddly and sturdy. I am very impressed with the detail, particularly the bendable wiring in Patamons winged ears! You can freely pose his wings and flip them realistically due to the internal wiring! I was very pleasantly surprised to find this awesome feature when I removed him from the package. The embroidered big blue eyes are lovely and lifelike, and his little grin is so sweet. I love the pudgy, round shape, which makes this Patamon very easy to hug and snuggle with, so he is an ideal cuddle buddy. He has a cute little stubby tail, and little soft black paws. He stands up on his own perfectly on all fours. The only slightly funny thing about this plush is his forehead, which is slightly lumpy due to the internal wiring of the winged ears which is adjoined across the head  but this definitely does not detract the cuteness of the plush, and I have no complaints whatsoever about the design. It is perfect. I love this endearing little flying guinea pig!  I highly recommend this Patamon to Digimon fans of all ages, and anyone who likes cute, lovable animal-like monsters with mysterious powers. This little guy is adorable, durable, cuddly, and probably the only reasonably priced large Patamon plush currently available. Get him before he flies away! He also goes well with the Gatomon and Kudamon plushies made by the same brand.  (Ordered from Anime_Tshirt, a very trustworthy Amazon seller.)
Love it - my son has Mario and Luigi  Love it - my son has Mario and Luigi, but we could never find Princess Peach.  This is adorable!  The arm did come loose during play, but it was an easy fix.
best deal and is an original
BB-8 makes a lot of different sounds.  He is a cute size.
so I'm really pleased my 16 yr old is a pokemon fan  my son loves this hat.  It was too large for younger children, so I'm really pleased my 16 yr old is a pokemon fan.
A hit with my grandson... a tractor fanatic  My grandson loves this in his John Deere room!!  It was the perfect compliment for him!  It's snuggly and soft.  It has two pieces of velcro that when you connect those it's supposed to look like it's on it's tires.  But that is rarely used.
My child loved it - so cute and soft.  Look at that cute face!  Great addition to our Tsum Tsum collection!
Love it! =)  Got this little owl to top a diaper cake I'm making for a friend and it's the perfect size! Super cute and all organic! It's so soft and adorable! =)
Great value  I got this for my Granddaughter who is 2.  My dog chewed on the hands.  because my Granddaughter enjoyed this doll so much, I ordered another one and keep it put away when she's not here so the dog won't get it again.  the price is so reasonable that i could afford to buy the replacement.
Pepa Peg is her very favorite show on  Grandaughter loves them and to hear her at just 17 months old she snorts while playing with them. Pepa Peg is her very favorite show on TV
For a knockoff its really well made.
cute  Olaf is so darn cute
Exactly as Described  Good quality plush, Official Pokemon Center merchandise. Purchased along with Mega Charizard X, and they both shipped together.
She loved it
Great Service!  Thank you so much ! Excellent !
little pricey but well worth it!
It's a swan!  As advertised. Will make a great party accessory.
Awesome!  Awesome!
The Super Mario Series 9" Princess Rosalina plush is well made and looks great. Very cute .
The product was as it was described
High quality  Bought for my Blind great granddaughter as she wanted a baby goat for christmas, she loves it. It is so soft and cuddly,meets her sensory needs.
Highly recommended.  Very cute and accurate to the picture. Highly recommended.
Perfect for my WW loving daughter. She goes everyhere and has withstood a machine washing already.
good product
Exactly what I was looking for  My nearly 4 year old daughter simply adores Dedenne from watching Pokmon XY. It's not as popular a Pokmon as Pikachu or Charmander so I couldn't find it in any stores. It came the other day and it's exactly what I was looking for. She's going to be so excited when she gets it for her birthday!  The packaging is in Japanese but that's no big deal.
Purchased as a gift.  The baby loves to play with this toy
PERFECT!  Very cuddly and soft plush! I was worried it would be a fake, but it looks exactly like the picture! :) Very happy with this Waluigi plush!
Adorable
Love it! It's so fluffy, and that's good enough for me. I don't even question the wings.. xD
Kiddo loves it and it arrived earlier than expected.
Love it!  My 18 month daughter loves her penguin. Keeps her busy in the car and grocery store. She knows how to clip them, but cant open the clips yet. We have to unbuckle them for her everytime, but we is very happy with this toy.
Grand Daughter loved it thank you
Adorable!  I sent these back, but thought they were adorable when they arrived. Very high quality and so cute!
Amazing teddy bear  Fantastic quality. My boys 4 and 7 love these. I had to buy both one as they fought over the one. Everyone that have seen them love them. love the leather finger and toenails. Great stitching and will last years. This was the best pricing around
It was everything you said it would be. My 15 month old grandson loves it. Who wudda thunk? LOL!
Kitties love them  I am writing this on behalf of my 4 rescue kitties who say they are very delicious.  At least that is how it appears when they gobble them up. The product itself comes in 4 oz. upright cardboard containers with plastic tops that make them resealable. The containers are nice because they are much easier to store than the little pouches.  This was the first time I have purchased these from Amazon and I was very please with the convenience of having these delivered to my door.
A gift for my niece and she won't let it go. (:
You will LOVE it!  This giraffe is just the cutest thing ever!  When I was given the opportunity to test and review it I was very excited and could not wait to receive it.  It really was so much better than I was expecting.  The legs are VERY sturdy and it stands well on it's own.  I just can't help but smile when I look at it.  I feel that it is made of a very high quality and is very sturdy.  The little ones think that the giraffe is just the perfect addition to their collection  of animals and I could not agree more.
Bonus-it plays music  Ver cute and unusual for a plush toy- perfect for kids who enjoy classical music
to cute my grandson loves this
Love it
Unicorns do exist - my happy six year old is proof  We live in  Louisiana and because we get a ton of stuffed animals at Mardis Gras thrown to our kids, it kills me to spend money on them. Last year a white and black pony that I was sure would get no love is still a hit a year later. That's the good news. The bad news was my daughter wanted friends for Lillian. At the top of the list was a unicorn. I thought my daughter would not like something this small. However, she finds it portable and more cuddly and snuggly. The two features that stand out are that this unicorn is very soft and posable. The unicorn's body is poly filled. The legs have very small plastic pellets in them. This makes it easy to pose the unicorn into a standing or sitting position. After reading this review, my daughter says she wants you to know that "It's really good to cuddle with it because it is so fluffy. It can make you go to sleep, too." I should have let her write this. This would be good for any little girl or boy who likes ponies, fairies and magical make-believe.
Cutest stuffed animal!  Santa brought this for our daughter and it is such nice quality.  It seems life-size, so it's perfect to pretend play with.  The fur is unbelievably soft, great quality.  Perfect gift for the little dog lover!
Great!  My 2 year old son loves this toy and the fact that he can see the whole gang in the window (he keeps looking for the door to let them out, lol) is awesome!
Good quality and looks just like the picture shown  Good quality and looks just like the picture shown. My son loved it. He loved its smaller size and said it was perfect
:)
We love our Boo!  Realistically as cute as Boo! Soft and a lovable toy!
Its soft and is great quality.  My son loves it. Its soft and is great quality.
Love this stuffed animal  I cannot believe how awesome this stuffed animal is! Great size and great quality fort the price!
Happy  I am very happy with my purchase
Granddaughter loves it
My wife loved it!!  Got it for my wife for a Hello Kitty collecion she started.  She absolutely loves it, cant beat the price!
Love it!  So cute! My 4 year old is obsessed with Maui. This is a quality toy.
Love it!!!  This is my favorite stuffed animal I've bought my baby. I love it. I may buy another one in case I lose it
Love it! So cute
Quick delivery, very cute!
Great Books  All the books in this series great for new readers... They are easy to read and entertaining for the young reader
So cute! We love Peter!  I purchased the Beatrix Potter books and Peter as an Easter present for my grandson. We have enjoyed the stories very much and read them over and over, while he cuddles Peter. My grandson has been sleeping with Peter every night since he got him.
So cute, great quality  much larger than expected, this doll is clearly well made and of good quality.  I ordered it with an Ariel doll for my granddaughter to go with her new Little Mermaid movie, and was very pleased.  I wish I could say the same about the Ariel doll, but my granddaughter loves her Ursula, and carries it around quite a bit.  like I said, it is pretty large, about half the size of my 13-month old granddaughter.  happy with this purchase.
Cute!
great product, fast shippin
god kirby is fudging cute @-@  I am OBSESSEDDD with kirby and how cute he is and i could ramble on and on but im gonna try and just talk about the toy xD  -really good quality -really well made -SUPER CUTEEE -nice and sturdy yet still soft like a plushie should be.
Great child's toy.  New product as described and I recommend.
Wonderful Elsa toddler doll! So soft!  Super soft and high quality!! Elsa's braid is individually braided too, with the same velour fabric, not just one big piece. My frozen-avid toddler is going to love her tomorrow on our way to Disneyland for her bday!
Exterminate!  Very nice plush. Has multiple Dalek sayings. Battery was dead when it arrived but that happens. I would highly recommend this for anyDr. Who fan
Good build quality and he is so cute... :)
Anyways - this thing will play for what seems like an eternity  My Ninja LOVES this thing. She has one song in particular that she likes and will push the button on and off till it comes on. Such a silly girl. Anyways - this thing will play for what seems like an eternity, which gives plenty of time for baby to be lulled to sleep. Occasionally it takes longer, but the button is pretty sensitive so she can restart it herself. That is GREAT. For the price you can't beat the look and quality. Also - I appreciate that the music box is TIED IN so my Ninja can't pull the darn thing out (though she has more than given it the old college try!). The night light feature is great too because I can have my room darker than perhaps I would if she didn't have an easy on light source. She's 16 months and not quite digging total darkness. This helps A LOT.
Cute and adorable my son loved it
My grandson was delighted and excited over his minion...therefore, I am pleased.
Small and adorable!!  Adorable! The body has kind of a beanbag plush feel, and the head is more like a normal stuffed animal, but all of it is covered in soft fur (except for the horns). I can't stop petting it! Like other reviewers said, he's about 4-5 inches long, so he's pretty small, but he fits perfectly in the palm of my hand. Definitely worth it for any Mononoke fan!
Cute
My dog, Berllou, tends to sleep on it when I am away from home. He likes the item more than I do.
omg so nice  great product, my friend loved it
well  i sent this to my gf but, she got angry and tore it up with a pair of scissors , so yea. that's that
So cute got it for my best friends birthday, she loved it. His liver spots are my favorite.
Wonderful  Wonderful little plush Tepig. For the price the quality is definitely amazing. The only little issue I found with it is that its' pretty front heavy, so it doesn't always sit well on level surfaces. The string loop to hang him from though is right behind the ears so he sits perfectly level when hanging from anything.
Very happy!  my daughter loves it! has been wanting this for a while!
Cute  Daughter loves it
Was just what the grandson wanted.  Hasn't put it down since we gave it to him.
Great Conclusion to 20th Anniversary Gifts  Although it does not stand up on its own, it looks amazing in every other way!
Great toddler busy work  My 21 month old loves it
This is a fun gift that mooed more than expected. Our dog isn't quite a fan, yet, though.
My daughter loves it!  My daugther loves it! She loves Peter Pan movie and I was looking for a long time for a Wendy doll. Product arrived on time and as described.
My grandson absolutely loves this.  My grandson absolutely loves this. It arrived much sooner than I thought it would.
This is "Officially licensed".  Definitely buy from them!  Very good quality.  Beware of the imitations. This seller is the real deal.
So cute!  I bought this as a gift for a family member and she loves it!  Item received quickly and was as described.
Cookie Monster was super soft and was perfect size/big enough for child to hug.
my wife loves t
My son's first fish. I love to bass fish so I couldn't let my son have the regular teddy bear as his first stuffed animal.
Soft stuffed eyes are awesome!  We purchased this for my 2 year old daughter because the one we bought for her at Toys R Us had hard plastic eyes and my daughter accidentally gave me a bloody nose when its eyes hit me!!  I couldn't find an Elmo with stuffed eyes anywhere else.  This is very high quality, the stuffed eyes look great and feel like they will hold up for a long time, and even though it is the same size, it was cheaper than the one with hard plastic eyes we bought at the store.  LOVE THIS!!!
Just what my grandson wanted - did not disappoint.
Grandson loved it
too cute to be angry  he's adorable! perfect for my son who has a grumpy disposition.
Great Quality for the Price  I ordered this for my 5 y/o and I was surprised by the quality of it. It feels very thick, not at all flimsy like some other plushies Ive bought him. Also it was licensed which was another good feature.
Fish  As expected. Nicely made, fast shipping.
Adorable. Nice quality.
Daughter's loved it.  it completed their collection of plush yo gabba gabba dolls.
My 18 month old LOVES this  Keeps my toddler happy and occupied!
Your new best friend  I was SO happy with this purchase. I bought it for a friend who loves manatees, and I was super excited to see just how large it is when it came in the mail. She absolutely loved it. It's really soft to the touch and nice and plush for hugging. Very cute, very cool, highly recommended for any manatee-lover!
Very cute!  Stocking stuffer for husband who said when we started playing PVZ2 that this would be the coolest character to have, so I searched and searched and it ordered it ahead of Christmas to make sure it arrived it time (shipped from China). It has a suction cup on the back and is not very big, but he attached it to the window next to his computer desk at home and comments often how much he likes it!
Great price! 3 for the price of 1  Great value! They are soft and the perfect size for my little one. (2 year old) She takes them everywhere. They are small enough to fit in a backpack but big enough for my little one to squeeze. The set would be a little small for a child over 4 or 5.
Arrived timely and in perfect condition.  My son is a Minecraft fanatic and absolutely loves this toy. Arrived timely and in perfect condition.
grand daughter is happy!
Girlfriend loves it.
Nabbit is for a Mario fan who's going to love it as an X-mas gift.
Really cute!  It's even nicer than pictured!  Really cute! It's even nicer than pictured! I gave it as a gift to a friend who collects M&M's.  Every time she displays it differently, she sends me a pic!  She loves it!
Great quality plush  Nice plush toy, well made and perfect for kids!
Great value found on Amazon  My daughter appreciates the toy. She loves it and plays with it daily. Already a good return on investment. The way she feels about it is PRICELESS.
Must have for elmo lovers  I got this for Christmas for my GodDaughter and I know she is absolutely going to love it. This toy is a must have for parents, or grandparents for their child. Also it is safe for younger children being that is it plush, with no small parts.
but great quality. As others reviewers noted  Soft and cuddly... A little smaller than expected, but great quality. As others reviewers noted, only disappointed that scripture on bus is roman and not Hiragana.
A quality toy and was very happy with it  It was a gift for my grandson and he was so excited to get it. A quality toy and was very happy with it.
We love Olaf!
Perfect!  He's cute and perfect. We now have the whole collection, and my daughter takes them everywhere with us. So they are great for toddlers and family outings :)
My baby niece got this for Christmas.
Love it!  Super cute zombie doll for your little zombie fan :) ten more words required is super duper lame and a waste of my time.  Doll is still cute though :)
For Family Guy fans  Stewie is my favorite character on Family Guy. The plush toy was adorable, I got the one where Stewie is a punk rocker and I keep him on my kitchen counter because I like looking at him every day.
Very pleased with the product
Super Cute!  My 4 month little boy likes this one a lot. It's so easy for him to grab it by the ears or little hands. Nice and soft after I washed it with baby detergent.
It was a gift
My son loved this toy  My son loved this toy.  It eyes light up and I did not know it till we got it, but made it even cooler
Best holiday present for my baby!
This is my daughter's favorite toys and it's awesome that we could get another one. Softest stuffed animal we own. We totally love it.
Good size, soft eyed Elmo!  My 21 month old daughter loves her Elmo doll! The previous one she had wasn't too safe since it had hard eyes. She would constantly hit her face with it when trying to give it a big hug! This is just great! Good size and cuddly!
good quality  Great size. Nice and soft. This is for my son's two year birthday coming up. He loves Elmo. I have a feeling this will be his new best friend.
My son loves it!
She LOVES buckling things and she loved this toy  I bought this for my 15 month old daughter for our plane ride across the country. She LOVES buckling things and she loved this toy! Well made! Now we play with the flaps on the back to learn numbers.
Fun toy for our kindergartener. Dog loved it too :)
Super cute! But pretty small
Adorable accessory for any Mario fan  Best thing I ever did for my current apartment was hang this guy from a kitchen cabinet. Every time I or my roommate walks through the kitchen, we go, "oh!... goomba..." Sometimes my girlfriend grabs him and marches him towards me, making grumbling noises, until I bop him on the head with a laptop. Goombas are made to be squashed.
Rowdy rooster  Excellent product. It helps you decorate your kitchen or any other place in your house.
It's the coo-lest plush ever! Soft and has wire for the legs so its able to stand.
Daisy is well made. Feels very soft.
Great
Soft Elmo  I bought this Elmo for my daughter.  She loves Elmo, but didn't have a "baby".  It is just the right size for her and it is very soft and cuddly.  You can teach your children the color RED or EYES NOSE and MOUTH.  It arrived with in days of ordering, and was packaged GREAT!!  I am very happy with GUND SESAME STREET ELMO!!
Cute and Great Quality  Bought this for my little sister and it's so cute and great quality!
Awesome item!
Good toy
Love it  Bought it for my daughters birthday and she loves it!
its exatly wat i needed for me grandoughter
Best Mudkip Plush  I got this last Christmas for my boyfriend via the Amazon Wishlist list program after doing a lot of searching for a big plush that wouldn't be exceptionally overpriced. This was the perfect one! At 12 inches, it is big enough to cuddle and it's quite soft. With the big head, it's a little top heavy and tippy, but in my opinion it's only cuter with a giant head!
great quality!  the stitching is tight and the toy has great shape to it. i see my little guy hanging onto this for a very long time. I had to stitch a previous Yoshi stuffed toy up the stomach after a couple months but i do not see this one needing to meet the needle just about ever.
Cute and soft bunny  My toddler loves this policeman bunny. Recently we saw an animated movie regarding a bunny who is also a police therefore he's inspired to be a policeman and was thrilled to see a this policeman bunny plush toy. So far he has been sleeping and has it with him most of the time since we received it.  The material of the bunny is well made. The police suite is sewed in with the plush toy as in one piece, so you can't take it off. As for the hat it's a separate piece and stitch on the head pretty secure. The flush material is really soft and not easily pulled/fall off little hair like material. Which I think is very important for kids since they tend to be really rough. The bunny overall looks cute and the size is perfect for traveling on the plane or in a car. Please note that I did received this product for free or at a discounted rate in return for my unbiased and honest opinion.
Moon Prism Power!  I bought one of these for my 5yr old daughter's birthday. She and her sister loved it so much that I had to buy a second! Both girls love their plush dolls still today! And its held up to a 4 and 5 year old's play! The dolls still look good and have all their details.
Awesome Birthday present.  My students absolutely loved their birthday gifts!!!
Very good product with a fair price  A frequent buyer of this seller. Very good product with a fair price. These has always been the best present for kids and friends. Love it!
Came on time and Grandson loved it !
Soft , Cozy, Huggable & Highly Recommend  Super soft and cozy to sleep with. Large enough to hug! Has zipper in back... Not sure if it is the real thing...but if it is not... this bear is very close to being a real San-X Rilakkuma bear.  Highly recommend.
Excellent quality!  I was thrilled with these. Excellent quality!! My daughter loves them. Highly recommend these.
Great!
Perfect for a gift  Has the 3D eyes, great quality
Fast shipping great product
Rocky is the man!!
Great and authentic
Love this bunny!!! He is so soft and cute!!  My daughter is six and saw this bunny at another store, I had to track it down, she could not forget about it!!!  It was as cute as we remembered...you will love this bunny!!
Thank you.
The absolute cutest plush I own!
good price  very good price grand kids loves the toy and the easy way to find it i look all over for these carectors i coudnt find it
Love it!
My grandson loved it.
Great  Great plush character. They boys love it and are now collecting the whole mario series.  We already had this one, so its a great addition.
Son's new best friend  Son is a FNAF fanatic, and these were the only things he really wanted for Xmas. He loves them, and carries them everywhere.
Love it  I love Ulquiorra he's my favorite Espada . The plushie looks like him and I love the little sword he has.
So soft and adorable!  My little one loves it!  It was delivered timely and the product was as described.
Great item
I bought this one for $100. And I got the real deal from Funko.
EXCELENT
Shipped quickly and very pleased.
Love this toy!  My daughter is 3.5 months old and loves her elephant! She plays with him everyday. I'm hoping to get more animals like this because I think this is an awesome toy for her age.
My son was happy  It is what it said it is and it's on steep discount.
Bought this for my daughters 10th birthday and she loved it!
Nice!
Great learning tool
so funny!  So cute! My friend loved it. The print looks old but the good kind. Like old fashioned. It seems pretty heavy duty too! I would definitely recommend this!
Love it
Grandson loves this guy  Great size for a three year old to drag from car seat, to store, even to bed.  The moment he tore the box open, he has been wrestling with it.  Does not go to bed without it.
GREAT!
I love Moulin Roty  Well made and beautiful. It's almost too nice to give to a baby. The container is super cute too. I love it
Golden Freddy is my grandson's favorite plush. He uses it to make his own You Tube videos. Check him out on the Cool Max Reid Channel.
Very cute.  My son is a happy camper. Loves his dragon plushy. Great quality!
Great item  Came with the tags and everything on it. Not a knockoff. Very happy with this.
my daughter loved it!!! it really is a cute dog!!
toothless toy  great toy, was bought as a birthday gift and the person loved the gift, I will do business with again.
Grandson loves it !  Great purchase !
loved  just as pictured. loved it
I bought pikachu libre for pokken game I love her character  I bought pikachu libre  for  pokken game  I love her character
ok
We raise chickens but I bought 2 of these precious hens for the granddaughters to play with when they can't get a live one to cooperate for a hug!  They are a big hit!  Very well made and sooo cute!!!  I would buy again without hesitation!
Perfect gift for her  I bought this for my 2 year old daughter who loves Stitch and babies. Perfect gift for her!
Anyone would be happy to have this on a child's shelf  I ordered a number of different stuffed elephants and this was by FAR the cutest.  Anyone would be happy to have this on a child's shelf.
Wonderful!  This little creature is just too cute for words - like almost all the Pokmon characters. This little plush figure is the perfect size to display on your desk, bookshelf or where ever. It's construction is exceptional - fully stuffed with no apparent voids and very soft to the touch. The seams are tights with no gaps. The figure was packaged in a cello bag within the shipping container and had no unpleasant scent (like some of the items I've ordered from other outlets in China in the past).
my son loves it
This is a great gift for the FF14 nerd you may know  This is a great gift for the FF14 nerd you may know. My friend now has this hanging in his office over the computer he plays on. Solid construction, and true to the in-game model.
Very durable and is very worth the money... He's adorable and if your kid doesn't like minions this will make them like minions, despicable me, etc. I have 5 dogs but it still survived the onslaught of all 5 dogs biting and scratching it.  All and all amazing stuffed animal, very durable, and will make your child happy you got him! :)
Cute Little Unicorn  Very cute little unicorn.  My daughter loves it!  Seller shipped promptly and item was well packaged.
Love it!
Great!
grand daughter loved it!  Much cuter than then photo, grand daughter loved it!
My daughter loves their apps and this plush.
He's so soft and love it!
Fantastic collector item  Fantastic collector item, I have kept this in the box so I don't have a full review of it, but the plush is very nice and it looks amazing. I don't know what it sounds like though.  Cool collector item!
Daisy Duck  Hard to find. We absolutely had to have Daisy for our collection of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse minis. It matches all the others that are manufactured by "Just Play'"
It was a gift and it was loved.
Super cute!  Perfect size for little girls who love Sofia and her friends. Was soft and cuddly! It also came with a code for another Sofia toy. I think the necklace.  My friend's daughter loved it!
Grandson loved it.
My 4 year old nephew does everything with this and it is still in one piece. very well crafted!
a cute baby toy  I was worried that this plush won't be soft enough for a infant. but it was so soft and cute that I really wanted for myself!  It is a good size plush for any baby :-)
Bought as a gift  I bought this as a gift and did not want to part with it.  However, I will most likely purchase more in the future.
THE SWEETEST AND BEST BEHAVED PUPPY DOGGIE EVER !!!  WE HAD JUST LOST OUR BELOVED LITTLE DOGGIE AND WERE HEARTSICK OVER IT. THIS LITTLE BOO DOGGIE HAS PROVIDED US WITH SOME COMFORT AND JOY DURING THIS ITERIM PERIOD. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PUP TO EVERYONE. BOO IS SOFT AND CUDDLY AND ADORABLE. LOVE HIM !!!
The Vazomkey was as advertised and has been a great conversation piece.  Cute, but yet horrifying.
It was a great video!  It was so Yubin!!  I can't belive the Luke Adamson of the product!  My dog loves it so much!  It was definitely  a greet purchase if your into Kyndall or Grear...  but there is one problem....  i was disappointed to learn that it was made of wood and not most plush material, but either way, the product is still so fish tank, and i was surprised to learn that it didn't come with a shankmarcpc, so thank you for that.  Great Product
It was amazing great quality as i expected
Very durable. They have made it through at least five rounds in a washing machine and are still holding up.
Geraldine the Giraffe  My kids have jungle themed rooms so I tend to buy lots of animals rather than dolls they just don't play with.  This giraffe is the perfect addition to our giraffe family.  She (yes, Geraldine is a she in our house) has been deemed the baby to the 6 foot giraffe (Gertrude).  Her neck is completely bendable, though it is still a toy so I wouldn't try to test out the theory that it can bend in any direction 1000 times and not expect it to break.  My kids aren't overly hard on toys but they do play with them, and Geraldine is in perfect shape still.  I purchased this Giraffe with a general coupon code, but there was no request or expectation that I review the stuffed animal.  Regardless, my review is based on my unbiased personal experience with the giraffe and was in no way influenced by a sale price.
My Pug likes Ugly Dolls  Actually, my dogs love it!
Worth it  Perfect size for my four year old. He loves them
love it!  Very soft & we'll put together. Love it!
A sweet, soft, huggable plush dog that's going to make someone very happy  This little Goldy Locks is the sweetest and softest little pupper dog you can imagine. This is a far nicer and cuter dog than I was expecting, especially at this price. Her fur is soft and shiny and she has a totally cuddly and squishy body that no little kid (or big kid) will ever resist. Yes, you have to push a little fur away to see her eyes (which is true of a lot of real long-haired dogs), but her eyes and nose are cute and nicely placed and she can sit and stand if you mush her into place a little, but no kids are going to worry about this--this is hugging and sleeping with doggy and I'm pretty sure it's never going to leave most kids' arms. I have someone in mind that she's probably destined to go live with, but I'm very tempted to just let her live on my bed--since my cats probably will veto my getting a real dog.
Love it! It's super cute and it's freaking Bernie Sanders!!!! #FeelTheBern
Good quality, looks just like the picture.
Dog and owner happy  Forget squeakers! My dog is so happy fetching her ugly bat, one of several ugly dolls she loves. Not for a dog that destroys toys but perfect for one who fetches, carries and snuggles his soft toys.
Love
It is was it is.... A plush toy.  My cousin loves the game and loves this toy. He has the entire collection.
No probs.  Just as pictured and expected.
My granddaughter loved her doll  My granddaughter loved her doll. It was the best gift ever. Now it has in home on her bed with Olaf.
I love it!!
So cute! Exactly as pictured. My 2 yr old started to love buckles so this was perfect and great way to learn colors
Super cute little guy. Very soft. My nephew loved it.
Moose love  I love these! I bought every available critter to make a trophy wall in my grandsons room. So cute, whimsical, not scary for the little ones.
Well made plushies.  These are not cheaply made. My son was so impressed with the size and detail of each character. Great product.
Plane nice!  I got this for my 1 year old nephew he doesn't really like it but my older nephew (4 yrs old) did it has a sound not to loud not to soft which avoids becoming annoying! It got here before arrival date, it's good quality.
great gift idea!  So far, this little plush toy has exceeded my expectations. Right away when I checked it out, it seemed like a quality piece for the price (solid fabric and sturdy seams). I have a feeling that it will take the abuse from a three year old well! If it falls apart, i'll update the review, but I have a feeling that I won't need to.
it's our family member :)
Toy for a boy  This was for my grandson who is into Pokemon and Charmander is one of his favorites.
Just as the image  This is better than I expected, my boy hugs and hugs the plush and it is easily washed in the washing machine. I got what I wanted.  and what my kid expected.  Very happy with this buy.
pleasantly surprised  I got the jellyfish as a gift because my son was a 33week preemie.  I was hesitant due to the price but glad we added it to the gift list.  this is well made, super soft, i love the color changes, and the 4 minute timer is useful.  my ONLY complaint on this item is that it seems so loud in my opinion.  I wish there was a way to turn it down a bit especially for nighttime use.  I simply hang it (by the attached loop in the head) outside the crib for nighttime, or he plays with it during the day.  The on-off button allows for immediate turn off as well, you don't have to listen to the whole 4 minutes if you don't want to.  And lastly, who can resist that adorable smile?
Espectacular!!!
I thought it was cute and the quality was good.
My kid loves it!
She's here for the party !!!
My son is a Pokemon fanatic! This plush toy is so soft and vivid!
furby boom.lightning  Great gift price delivery this is a furby boom.it is blue with yellow lighting bolts orange ears face his eyes are digital changing when.his mood changes he talks english and furbish.they make noises they can be pychos they will sleep you can go the app.and play with them sing.dance play games and more
Love this doll!  My daughter loves this Belle doll. My only caution: be aware Belle's dress has lots of glitter. I found it everywhere for weeks!
Really well made!  The collar is made in Canada and is very well made.  I bought two collars for my small dogs and the collar fits perfectly.  If y ou typically buy a collar that reaches to 14 inches, this collar will probably fit your dog.
My wife loves it  I took a pic of one at work and sent it to her and she told me she loves it so i bought her one as a small gift.
She's glamorous, She's fabulous, She's Miss Piggy!  Let me be straight, I bought this for my husband for Valentine's Day.... He's the only child we have in our house and aged 40. He loves the Muppets and says Miss Piggy was the first love of his life. She's fabulous but I wouldn't buy her for a young child and expect her beautiful fur to stand up to any abuse.  My niece is allowed to look, give a little cuddle and then pop back on the shelf. We love her but I don't think she is particularly educational or for little ones.
Love my Flame Princess! :)  Lovely little doll! Flame Princess looks just like her "real" counterpart on "Adventure Time". :)  She can not stand up on her own, so you will have to prop her for display.  She is very soft and as pretty as a, well, princess! :)  I am so happy with this sweet doll, and she is a very welcome addition to my collection. :)
Love this Winnie  I bought this as a Valentine gift to my boyfriend(my bear), and I ended up getting another one for myself.  That's how much I love it:P
My grandson loves it. Worth every penny.
Love Pascal!  This toy was of very high quality, and priced very well.  It was a little bigger than I thought it would be.  My three year old daughter absolutely loves it.  It was one of her favorite birthday presents this year.  I would recommend this guy to any Tangled fan!
great
My son loves these!
All good  It arrived when promised and was just as described - Just hope my grand baby likes it when she gets it on Christmas!
My kids loved this
Kids love it!  Good!
My granddaughter who is 21 months loves it!
Granddaughter loves it.
Monster  My 2 year old Grandson really liked this toy. Was kinda hard for him to get it to talk had to squeeze it's stomach. His hands was to small to grip around to squeeze him.
Great gift for Disney fans!  Very cute and incredibly soft! My nephew loved it!!!!
Its worth its.  I bought a stich for my girlfriend and she completely loved it .tears came to her eyes when she opened it..she said it reminded her of her childhood.
Awesome product kids love this plushy.  Can't wait to purchase more
looks like a baby Charmander  So cute, looks like a baby Charmander.  Well made and soft perfect for a Pokmon lover.
Bought for nephew after my toddler wouldn't let go of hers.
It's Adorable  As a huge fan of Kingdom Hearts, i was excited to see a Heartless plush. I ordered it and it arrived very quickly. There isn't a single thing wrong with it. It's cute, it's eyes glow in the dark, and it's aentenas are made of wire so they can be bent and twirled however you want them to appear. This is a MUST HAVE for ANY Kingdom Hearts fan no matter how old. (i'm 19 and i love it)
Plant vs zombies plush  Was a gift for my nephew he loves it
Welcome Fea Bea to your home  I love Ugly Dolls. And before Amazon I had never seen a Fea Bea or "Ugly Stick". At first I had an order for a large yellow one but that got cancelled. So for the same price I got this smaller blue one. He matches my bedding and is a whole new color for my Ugly collection <3
Grand kids love them
So glad I got one  This guy is very hard to find, and I'm glad I was able to get one before they were gone.
I love Groot
adorable  Boo looks just like my pom!  Love it! Its size is larger than what I expected.  My granddaughter will love it!
Very pleased !
a gift for my 1 year old grandchild who loves buckles.
Worth it  Excellent condition, quality toy
Bought for my 4 year old she loves bubble guppies
exciting and interactive  I bought this stuffed Barney for my 1 year old grandbaby and everytime we put Barney on TV he looks for his Barney toy and hugs it and trys to sing with it. How cute this toy is. I highly recommend it.
Super soft. Fluffy and just what was needed to help my daughter curl up and sleep.
My granddaughter loved this.  Nice plush toy
my granddaughter loved it takes them everywhere.
Love our buckle baby!  oh man, this thing is absolutely priceless I love the buckle baby (as my daughter calls it, and so does she!!!). My sweet girl struggles daily with SPD and other issues, so finding a sweet tool like this makes our lives easier, and frankly better! Read on for a full review!  Pros:  1) this thing is really quite great for development of motor skills, etc. WE don't need any work on fine or gross motor at this point, so we don't use it for this purpose, but it is awesome for young kiddos working on these skills!  2) so cute! This thing looks exactly like the picture and the face is done really well, is high quality and should not have any issues.  3) stitching and assembly appears to be done well. I see no errors with stitching along the seams and the buckle straps are sewn in well. This is great as nothing could happen to buckle baby in our house or my sweet girl would be heartbroken!  4) great for sensory kids who need that calming repitition, snap sound, etc. I love that this is such an easy calm down tool to have around for my awesome little girl! How can you not love something so very very simple that makes your life a million times easier!  5) internal pocket! Hello awesomeness! The little pocket just makes it amazing and awesome for your little one. What a cool thing to be able to hide and tote around their most prized possessions?!?!  Cons:  1) I don't have any cons for this one! I suppose it would be nice if it had some buttons, too, but really that does not impact the product at all in my opinion. It is truly an awesome tool for my sweet girl!  Note: I received this product at a discount in exchange for an unbiased review.
7 year old son LOVES IT!  Came quicker than it said it would. Awesome! Soft! A bit stiff on the fluff but that's not bad. My son LOVED IT!
I got the set!!!  Cute
Great gift  Perfect gift for my minecraft loving son. All his friends are always asking where we found it. Would definitely buy again.
Great
It's a wonderful gift!  I bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter for her birthday. She loves him!! It's so soft and cuddling. It's a perfect gift. I received it on time! It was shipped fast! I'm happy and my granddaughter is happy too!
Perfect for his  Son loves it. Perfect for his collection
They got it right.  Put to gather great. Looks like toadette. No issues here.
looks like me but skinny, he's for my Motorcycle...
Cute
Recommended!  Great product, well made. My daughter loves it
Fast shipping...cute!
Perfect!!!  The picture is exactly what they look like. Theyre smaller than expected but very cute! Good quality and the price is great! They came about a week early. Not vacuumed sealed (thank goodness), so there was no deformation.
quick ship great product would recommend
Extremely adorable.
Great stuffed toy  My daughter loves this Elmo doll.  He is very durable and has already survived many washes in the washing machine.
good toy  My baby falls asleep with Llama Liama every night and it has been his best friend ever since day 1. He also enjoys chewing his ear and learning the routine with the Llama books. I am not in love of the small Llama doll, since I feel like  it can be a choking hazard if it ever come off. However the stitching seems tight and I did not remove it.
Yoda  Gave this as a preset to a Yoda and he loved it.
Makes Her Happy  My granddaughter loves it
My Son Loves This Toy!  My son loves playing with tags on anything.  I got him this toy to attach to his shopping cart cover to keep him busy when I was shopping.  It is a great size for him.  It has bright colors and washes very well.  Top quality product, I thought it was expensive but it is worth the money.  You can also detach the ring if you want to which is nice.  If this toy gets lost or damaged I will buy another.
Loved the softness and the quality.  My grandson absolutely loved it.
Super cute and entertaining!  I bought the blue/yellow lightning bolts furby boom for my 6 year old for Christmas and he has not stopped paying with it since! It's the first thing he goes to when he wakes up! We love it so much that I ordered the Pink and Blue Hearts furby for me (yes I am an adult!). I also got one of the little furblings sold here. First thing I noticed when opening the box is that the colors of the pink and blue hearts are much brighter than in the picture! I will upload a picture. They are so cute together, having conversations, singing and responding to the baby. It's a definite plus for kids (boys and girls) 6+. Furby can be given to younger kids but I find that the suggested age group will take care of it much better being able to use the app fully.
my Eevee is very cute, but it is a bit shy.
Very cute. Arrived right on time:)
Elmo  Although Elmo's bottom is hard so that he can sit on the floor or a chair etc, his legs and arms are soft like a stuffed animal. His belly has a hard form with a large piece that you push or squeeze to "tickle" him. His fur is so soft and silky as well. The baby loves to hold is hand and rub it on his face or cuddle with it.  The phrases can be a bit annoying since there are only a few per hat. If you have the hat off, Elmo will remind you (repeatedly) to place a hat on his head. He sings a few songs and plays a few games. He will tell you to squeeze his nose, bounce him, tickle him. A few words he says weren't totally clear and I had to hear it a few times to be sure what he was saying.  His mouth moves pretty perfectly to the phrases and his laugh is adorable. Overall it is a really cute toy and works a little better than expected in regards to his mouth moving. There is an on and off switch on his bottom - there is a flap of fur that opens and closes with Velcro - you have to switch it from the test/"try me" mode to the full function "on."
Love this toy!  We bought this because my 22 month old twins were obsessed with the buckles on their booster chairs. They now play with this toy endlessly. It's perfect for distraction on the go. The only way it could get better is if all the buckles were the typical buckle type, rather than there being a variety, just because my kids happen to prefer those.
High quality doll for any little llama!  My 2 year old daughter loves the Llama Llama book series. We bought her this "little llama" for Christmas and she has brought it to bed with her every night since.  It's high quality, durable and features removable red pajamas. Note though, that the pajamas are sewed to the doll on the back so while they can be unbuttoned and removed, they'll never get lost. For me, that's a good feature as I expect otherwise the pajamas would have been lost the first day!
Awesome graduation gift loved it!!!
Quality snake  Lovely quality snake. Great size. Granddaughter loves it.
Any fan of the books will love it.  Incredibly soft!  Any fan of the books will love it.
Thanks for the great deal and fast shipping.
Met Expectations  It is just as how I expected it to be when I received it. It's cute, small, and exactly how the Umbreon plushies at the Pokemon were.
Lovely  Very cute.  Always buy Jazwares if you're buying A.T. plushes---there are a lot of fake Adventure Time plushes from China on Amazon / Ebay, especially for rarer plushes like the Ice King.  Stick with Jazwares and you'll be a happy customer!
Gaara is my favorite!  This plush is super cute and is my favorite character from Naruto. There is a lot of detail put into this toy and is a perfect addition to my other plush toys.
Super cute!
Great solution for long distances  I used this cable to connect an old HP Laserjet 5 from across the room.  It solved the distance problem and let me put new life into that old workhorse of a printer.  I would definitely buy this again.
She is going to love it.  Bought for my 3 yr old granddaughter.  She is going to love it.
cute
Wonderful for Teaching and Play  My 3 year old is obsessed with the solar system and Neptune us the favorite and cannot go to bed without it. Wishing they had the dwarf planets as well. We all love the entire set.
Yoshi plush hit!  My 7 year old absolutely loves this plush.  Great quality,  no regrets with this purchase.
love it!  Smaller than I pictured, but still great for collecting all the loose change in my purse!
We Love This Tough Koopa  This is one solid Koopa. The Morton Koopa toy is the largest of the Koopas. The fabric is soft, the creature is solidly stuffed and the detail is perfect. My son loves is size. This is one of his favorite stuffed friends. I love the hair and eyebrows. Any child of Mario and company would love this. Great quality. Exactly what you would expect of a toy with at a Super Mario tag on it.
My granddaughter loved this as much as I did! Highly recommend all stuffed birds by Wild Republic!
Awesome product at a great price  My nephew has played with this nonstop. He really loves Teen Titans Go, Beast Boy specifically. Awesome product at a great price.
We love Pete the Cat!
My daughter loves this Olaf
Cute  My daughters love this.
Very pleased with my purchase  Purchased for a gift at a baby shower and it was a big hit. Very pleased with my purchase.
We love daddy gru!  Bought this for my 2 year old niece. She is minion obsessed and carries daddy grumpy everywhere.  Only thing is his nose and face got pretty dirty quickly but that's to  be expected with a 2 yr. old.
Muy bueno
cute
You won't be angry if you buy this.  Very cute and cuddly. Well built. Looks exactly like Anger. Basically the small version of the Disney Store plush. A must for any Inside Out fan.
Kids happy, I'm happy, nuff said :p
Best Interactive Toy for Baby  I love the interactions that baby and Cody can have together and the fact that they are like best buds is a plus. Sure Cody may get a little annoying ever now and then, but at least it keeps baby happy, and if it keeps baby happy then it will keep mommy happy.
My review of the Little Link  It was so cute when he arrived. Smaller than I had hoped for or thought he would be but so cute and completely worth every penny. He was a gift for a friend of mine who loves Link and hasn't been able to find one ever, so she was so ecstatic when she opened it. Thanks so much for the timely shipment and safe arrival of him.
Great buy!  Bought this for my grandson for his birthday, and he is enjoying it. Glad I made this purchase because it was much larger than I thought.
Super cute very firm plush. Not a real soft and squishy plush, but still a hit!
Jaundice  I bought this for my niece who needed treatment for jaundice after she was born.  We nicknamed her GlowLight, so it was fitting.  It is the classic.  Lights up and sings a song, good volume for a newborn.
The kids loved it
loveable and soft toy!  my daughter loves elmo so we gave into that and got her this and she sleeps with it in her crib.
Beautiful Aurora Disney doll, just as described, thank you
Awesome item!
My child enjoys playing with his new Eggman Plush.
Disney Minnie Mouse Plush doll  I chose this item as a Christmas gift for a two year old and cannot wait to see the reaction!
Adorable!
My boss couldn't stop playing with this! Big hit!!!
Great product! Exactly like its described and my daughter loves it
AOT Love  I thought I'd never find this at a good price. Just need Mikasa and Armin now!
A Perfect Gift For Those Who Sit In Corners  The perfect gift for the Sumikko Gurashi fan in your life.
This is one of the best, most lifelike stuffed (African Pygmy) hedgehogs I have ever found! And, unlike the live ones, this hedgehog is soft all over. Beautiful toy.
Bought this as one of my great granddaughter's 3rd birthday presents  Bought this as one of my great granddaughter's 3rd birthday presents. She loves it. Get her anything that is Minnie Mouse and she is delighted. Nice size. Good quality.
Baby LOVE!  My 18 month old grandcutie LOVES this!  It is smaller than I expected...but that made me like it even more.  It is the perfect size to take on car trips or pack in diaper bag.  She loves to point to the eyes, nose, and mouth.  On the back are cute shapes numbers and colors.  Perfect in waiting rooms, church, etc. anytime you need a quiet activity!
Much bigger than i thought!  This is super cute!  Kids loved it.  It is much larger than I expected, and it became the Daddy hedgehog very quickly during play time.  I thought it was going to be baby sized!
For kids that love to buckle, it's a must have!  My 22 month old loves this!  We got it for a new "special" car toy for a long road trip.  I buckled it to the car seat strap and he played for a long time.  He is still getting the hang of unbuckling, but he's getting it quickly! Love it, great purchase.
Perfect
Adorable, awesome, priceless!  I LOVE THIS SO MUCH! It's the real deal, the rare Pokemon toy available only at the Tokyo Pokemon Mega Center, and I absolutely love it! It arrived in only about a week and a half, a bit quicker than predicted, and you can't beat the Prime free shipping!
Very nicely made, was very pleased
a
Grandson loved it! I threw it to him from the float I ride on in a parade here in New Orleans. Since I was allowed to choose what I wanted to be called, he calls me Pikachu, so it was the perfect gift for him.
Excellent Stuff and great Amazon experience!  My niece loved it. Thank you Amazon!
Great gift for Star Wars fans  I bought this as a gift for my son and he loved it.
Great product, awesome delivery time, very happy son!!!  My son loves angry birds...awesome plush toy!
Was a birthday gift. The little girl loves her little mermaid.
Perfect plush puny planet pair  I won these as a door prize at planetarium school.  I knew I had to get first pick since they were certain to be everyone's first choice, and I got lucky.  They're awesome- the heart is there, the names are embroidered on their feet and the little fact tag even had some good information on the actual dwarf planets.  (Minus one point for weight rather than mass, but better than most other pop science journalism)  Only downside is that now I want some of the others.
Adorable  I bought this for my son's monster themed nursery and he loved it. He "nurses" the monster all the time and cuddles it. This is the second we have bought because my husband lost he first at the airport. It washes up very nice, as well.
Daughter Loved It  My four year old daughter loved receiving Walter in her Easter basket. He is very well-made and a nice size at 18". I recommend it to any Muppets or Walter fan.
Elf pets....  Daughter love's this so cute. She has both pets now.
My son was in love and they've held up great.  This was a great value for my son's birthday, purchased with the Night Fury.  I WISH they had the others besides these two on Amazon, he loves them, they've held up great and really were worth the money for him.  He got a tiny hole at the base of his neck that I put one stitch in.  Even a little glue would have been enough.  No other holes in either dragon and he is ROUGH with them so I won't fault the manufacturer for the hole, I know my son well enough to know when he's the damager ;-)
Very soft fabric
so cute...  It's just as pictured. It's stuffed a bit hard but the fur is extra soft. My daughter carries it everywhere and takes it to bed.
Best foxy stuff EVER!!!!!
Great little accent for our party and will use them also on the back of graduation cards to seal envelope!
Best toy  Sweetest toy- he drags him around everywhere. Delivery was quick.  Sits up nicely due to bean bag bottom.  Twain looks like Twain - pants are but see through but no matter- Unless you're a tesla fanatic you may not be able to tell it's him but it's very cute.
love it
Super adorable! Made a perfect birthday gift  Super adorable!  Made a perfect birthday gift.  Timely delivery and wonderful product.  Highly recommend!
great little plush doll  great little plush doll!
This little guy is adorable and a great price - have bought two of them for the newest babies in the family.  I highly recommend this product.
very nice
My child loves it
My toddler is obsessed with buckles.  We bought this for her 2nd birthday and she is in LOVE! I can't wait for her to be able to open the buckles after she closes them all! I've received lots of compliments on this toy and it keeps her occupied for a while which is AMAZING!
Sweet little Gizmo everyone loves  I bought this as a gift for a friend for whom I bought it before back in the 80's when the Gremlins movie first came out. He was attached to his little doll because it represented a nostalgic memory of a space in time... Imagine how surprised and happy he was when Gizmo jumped out of the box I had mailed to him. He called me right away and told me I just made his year. Thanks Giz!
great product
Small but life like great stocking stuffer.
SOOOOOO ADORABLE  No complaints about this cute little elf at all! He served her purpose well this Christmas! My kids absolutely love him too!
small size but it is cute
My toddlers love these
Have 2 boys that love FNAF.  This was perfect as one wanted Foxy and one Freddy.  These are well made and don't look "goofy" like some cheap knock off.  The dog tag necklace was a bonus the boys loved too.
Perfect Gift for my Fairy Tail fan  This little plushy was the perfect Christmas gift for my sister. This plushy is well made and she loved it.
Great gift for a 4 year old.
Cute stuffed animal  My daughter loves it and it was cheaper than buying it as Target.
My daughter is obsessed with mermaids and I love these Aurora brand mermaid plushes  My daughter is obsessed with mermaids and I love these Aurora brand mermaid plushes!  They always come as ordered and made of good quality!
Love it! As described!
Adorable Leafeon!  Plushie Leafeon is adorable and well made, and his leaves are in all the right places. My husband commented that his didn't look to be very good quality, as the brown and greens are only printed on, whereas my other Eeveelutions' ears are all fabric and thread--but Leafeon is supposed to have thin leaf ears and tail, right? My one complaint is that I'm having to reshape his ears after having been packaged snugly with Espeon, but not a big deal.
So adorable! I didn't pay that much attention to the description when I purchased this, I was mainly looking for Stitch items for my daughter's birthday.  Everyone thought he was cute when she unwrapped him at the party, but then he just got stacked with the other gifts.  Later that night when everyone was asleep, I took him out of the package and discovered how much he interacts with you and says really funny things!  I had fun letting Stitch wake up the kids in the morning, we were all cracking up.  If you love Stitch's personality, you will love this!
So cute!   I ordered my plush and got hin in about 4 business days. Hes really cute and soft! I really enjoy him and I highly recommend any Sasuke fan to get this doll! :) He came to my house in great condition and Ive been hugging him ever since. I love him! Hes my cuddle buddy at night :3
Awesome  I love my baby groot. It got here quickly
Cute  Cute!
perfect  my son loves it
Super adorable, just a little small for the price. But overall I am very happy with it
she love it
Awesome!!  my purchase for  a friend turned out "awesome"  the detailing in the meerkat was fantastic !!!
Great. Exactly as expected... nice and fluffy and an original gift!
wonderful
Loved the Boo dog.  I was VERY pleased with this purchase. Great condition, looks brand new.  I bought it for a dear friend who has a serious illness and it meant the world to her. She can't have the real thing so now she has this to cuddle.
My grandson thinks they're the greatest. They arrived on time in excellent condition  My grandson thinks they're the greatest. They arrived on time in excellent condition. Hardly a day goes by without him playing with them.
Nice feeling of fabric  Cute little guy. Very well made. Nice feeling of fabric. Now I want to buy them all!
All I can say is that I love Giant Microbes!! They're whimsical and widely appealing.
My grandson loves Elmo!!
A perfect addition for my Lilo and Stitch costume for Halloween.
Arrived quickly. Just as expected.
This Toy plush is Amazing!  She is so cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've become Obsessed with anything that Yagazoon sells and this Giraffe is now our Favorite! My daughter treats her Giraffe as if it were a real pet. She pets her, kisses her, rides her around the apartment, cuddles with her and even watches TV with her! It's incredibly soft with a steel rod "skeleton" which allows it to withstand toddlers. At 2 feet tall, this Giraffe is the perfect Playmate for your little one and I am so thankful to have been able to have been provided with this complimentary long necked beauty for my 2 year old to completely enjoy!
Babies love trying to fit the buckles together  This is perfect for busy babies !!
Well made and the kids love them .  Well made and the kids love them .
Helped my Mom recover in the ICU...priceless  My Mom wanted this a week before she was diagnosed with Viral Encephalitis. Needless to say I purchased it to help her through the recovery while in the hospital and ICU. Her being able to pet this might have saved a lot of her motor skills and improved her overall mood. The bonus being her nickname for me is Boo. I know its just a stuffed animal but it helped us all through a really rough time.
Cuteness overloaded! :)  My daughter loves it.  I like the unique sound it makes. 5 star is well deserved for this item.  NIce.
Great gift  Bought this guy for our niece. She loves the movie and she loves her new Olaf toy! He even talks when squeezed.
It was cute.
Packaged well and exactly as described
Soft and Cute  This Elmo is super soft and the perfect small size for my toddler. He made a great birthday present! Love!
Just like old times  Looks like the doll from my childhood except the "button" eyes.
If Your Child Loves Bad Kitty  If your child loves Bad Kitty like my 6 yr old granddaughter, this is a must have. Yes it is not warm and fuzzy or even fluffy but then neither is Bad Kitty!! So far its the only thing out there for any child that wants a Bad Kitty for themselves. My granddaughter LOVES these books. She finds them quite funny so was glad to see I could give her a Bad Kitty of her very own, A stiff 8 inch replica and ours looks just like the picture.
amazing marine fun  I bought one for myself and one for the science lab on an educational sailing vessel. We all love how accurate the animal is, not color but shape, and the tag has great information.
Great
Perfect size for an 18 month old. She loved it!
Big hit for granddaughter  Arrived in great condition.  Olaf is as cute as the character in the movie Frozen.  My 5 year old granddaughter loves it !
Much better quality than expected.
Super Soft!!!  I was surprised at how soft this thing is.  My son is pleased.
Great quality  Such a cute doll. Very large almost as tall as my baby.  She loved it.  I was actually impress for the price looks and feel great
ELMO ROCKS!  Elmo is a must need in our house.  He is a perfect travel size, so my 2 yo can take him to daycare.
NICE ITEM  GRAND-KID LOVED IT
Shockingly Cute Little Jolteon!  I love Electric-types, and Jolteon was always my favourite classic Generation I Eeveelution, ever since I was a young child. I mean, what is more awesome than an electric cheetah!? Back in the good old days of Pokmon Red/Blue/Yellow versions, when Eevee only had three elemental evolutions, I would always choose the Thunderstone for Jolteon!  TOMY seriously makes the best Pokemon plushies! This little Jolteon is so awesome! He's super-cute, so soft, durable, and accurately designed. His yellow fur is so vibrant, like a flash of lightning, his white spiky mane is soft and floppy, and he even has little pink paw pads on the bottoms of his feet. His ears are long and rabbit-like, and they stand up on their own without flopping. The relatively small size of the plush is perfect for both cuddling, and taking him along with you on adventures. I personally love the way this toy was designed. Top-notch quality!  I would like to note that the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Banpresto-Pokemon-I-LOVE-EEVEE-Super-DX-Plush-48226-10-34-Jolteon/dp/B00BQKSNMA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Banpresto Pokemon I LOVE EEVEE Super DX Plush - 48226 ~ 10" Jolteon</a>&nbsp;is a bit different; it is absolutely lovely as well, and made of softer material than this TOMY Jolteon, and a bit larger. But since the Banpresto Jolteon plush is too rare and too big to take along with me, I am happy to have a smaller, more durable Jolteon plush that is easy to carry.  This electric cheetah Pokemon was always one of my top favourite Eeveelutions, and I am so happy to finally have him in my collection. I highly recommend this plush to children who love Pokemon. It will not disappoint!  Also, I found this little guy for only $9.99 here on Amazon (sold by ToyWiz) -- it is sold for DOUBLE the price at f.y.e. and Hot Topic stores (completely ridiculous price-gouging!), so I recommend ordering it from ToyWiz.
Good quality, fast shipping  Got this for my daughter for xmas.  Good quality, fast shipping.  Love it.
Looks real good. Its a lot bigger then I thought it would be.
Marvel Avengers Super Hero Thor 14" Plush Doll  Most young boys that are into Marvel Comics, especially Thor, would like this doll.  It is cute and very well made
Grandkids love this thing  I bought this Furby for my 8 year old grandson.  He loves this little chatty thing and delights in getting it to switch personalities.
cute
great  kids love these!  I don't get this game at all but they really love it and anything that goes with it!
So Soft and Cute!!  This has to be one of the softest, most cuddly dolls I have ever seen.  It's super cute and I love all the different outfits available to fit this doll.  Good quality and sewn well.  Very happy with this purchase.
Everything my child wanted  My daughter loved it.  Couldn't find this one in stores and was pleased with the ease of ordering and delivery.
SOOOOOOOO CUUUTTEEE!!!! I LOVE IT!!!
Amazing !!
I'm very happy with this purchase. My 3 year old daughter loved it.
My son loves this toy. We introduced him to the gremlins just this month and he wanted gizmo so bad. i was so glad we were able to get it right before Christmas. I wish it were a little bigger that was my only issue but my son loves it regardless so it was a win!
Adorable small pup perfect for your Boo lovers.  Bought this as a birthday gift for my DD. Yes, the doll is very small but it didn't matter to us, she loved her from the start. Boo is just too adorable and getting her under $10 was ideal, as I have been watching the prices on these dolls. Funny part is we won one at an arcade for less than $2 the very next day. Go figure! Anyway, just price watch. Anything above $10 is just too much in my opinion.
product arrived in as described shape, thank you!
Excellent
My daughter was thrilled  This was exactly as expected and came within the timeframe promised.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend that you order this from Amazon.com.
Very pleased: )  Shipped very fast! Very pleased :)
awesome
Boyfriend loves it to death
love  we love crock o dilly
I am completely satisfied with all they do for us  My son loves pokemon so much & these plush toys add to his collection. I just bought him Articuno today as a surprise & will continue to purchase various items from Amazon. I am completely satisfied with all they do for us.
must have  must have item in your turkey or deer vest. This item would also be good around the place for yard work.
Cute!  Very, very cute. :) I agree with the other reviewers that it's definitely not 15 inches tall. It may be 15 inches from the tip of the tail to the top of the head. Regardless, it's adorable.
Awesome and extremely soft!  This is a wonderful new addition to my daughter's collection. He is super soft, and my daughter even made him a bed. Thank you!
My mother and her granddaughter -both- love it; immediately began to play with it  This was a gift. My mother and her granddaughter -both- love it; immediately began to play with it, welcoming a new friend to the other "Organic Farm Buddies."
I bought this for my toddler who fell in love with Kirby after spotting my Kirby amiibo  I bought this for my toddler who fell in love with Kirby after spotting my Kirby amiibo.  He absolutely loves it, and carries it with him everywhere.  The actual plushie is very well made, with no stitching issues or other manufacturing problems.  For a high-quality licensed product, this is a great price.
Year one Christmas present.  To see the delight on my grandaughters face when she opened up her Mickey mouse,was the best present I could have forChristmas.
GREAT GIFT!  My nephew is in love. perfect gift! :) He plays with it every day and it still in one piece!
Cute!  My 3 yo loves her plush dory- takes it everywhere!
Lilo and Stitch  Loved this Stitch Plush and so did my granddaughter.
Excelente!!!
She's got jingle bells!!  I got this plush for my boyfriend and wow did he love it. She's very soft and very well put. To my boyfriend's surprise she had little jingle bells! He really loved this gift. Definitely a great purchase.
GREAT item--my son LOVES it!  Delivery time couldn't have been more perfect!
They call it Chibi for a reason!  The plush I received was ADORABLE! Too cute for words even! It's tiny body and huge head just gives it that extra /something/  I've been looking for in a vaporeon plush. It just catches your eye and won't let go of your attention! I'm very happy with my purchase and I'd wholly recommend you buy one for yourself! Just take care that your don't bend the ear fins or else you'll have a rough time unbending them!
Delivered in excellent condition. Baby loves his Elmo!
Great for car trips  Perfect entertainment for 18m old on car trips.
This toy is so cute and fun!  My daughter is six months old and is into tummy time, sitting up, and mirrors and this toy works great for all of those skills/interest.  She cracks up every time we open the ears and say peek a boo.  She loves that the ears make a crinkle noise.  She can play with it on her own or you can play with her. I would strongly recommend this product for their little one!
Happy Kiddo !  My boy Loved It !!
Cuddly Mario Villian  My kids love their Wiggler plushies.  They have Mario Bros. battles with these and other Mario Bros. plushies.  It was exactly what they wanted.
My little guy loves it!
Me and my mom love them!  So cute! Me and my mom love them!
Perfect!  Super cute, she looks exactly like in the picture. Very detailed, and is a great part of my collection.
excelent quality and shipment timing  My daughter loves this products, excelent quality and shipment timing.
Granddaughter thrilled!  Given to 20-mo.-old granddaughter who loves Yo Gabba Gabba. She loves her dolls. They're nice quality. She carries them around with her.
Nice and Soft  The stuffed giraffe is very nice...well constructed as well as soft.  It arrived in perfect condition.
Beautiful.......my son loves
Plush and Super Cute  Nice plush, good size. My daughter adores her Oh doll.
Cutest Chewbacca I've found  Very cute Chewbacca backpack. Originally I bought a Chewbacca plush toy and wasn't happy with the look and quality.  I returned that one and purchased this instead and I'm super happy I did. Very good quality and softer fur than others. The straps are small enough that you can still play with him as if he were just a toy. When strapped on like a backpack he is adorable, looks like he's getting a piggyback ride.
This guy is unbelievably cute! Not quite as cuddly as I had hoped, but his cuteness makes up for it.
Perfect Gift!!!  I absolutely thought this was the cutest plush toy ever!!! My Niece is obsessed with the movie Tangled and she loves it!!! Sleeps with Pascal every night Lol. It was delivered fast and new in packaging. So cute!! It was a lot less than the Disney store website.
One Year Old Approved  I bought this for my cousin's first birthday along with the book "If Animals Kissed Good Night". Her Mom told me she carries the elephant around everywhere and loves to see a picture of her elephant in the book. Super happy with this purchase. Grateful for the Amazon recommendation as well.
Happy with purchase and service.  Cute and my girlfriend loved it.
Good
Great Customer Service!  As a collector of all things Pixar, it was important for me to get a quality product. This seller was great to work with. This seller definitely has the customers happiness in mind. I had one small issue with the product and they fixed it fast and at no cost to me. Very happy with the customer service.
Missed tiny "like" window for daughter but for every other Frozen lover, this is great.  You know what's really cool? When you buy the best version of what your 6 year old put on their list and they lost interest! WELL... IF I were 6, I would love this. He looks so much like the movie, he's soft, the stuffing is packed firm enough to stand but soft enough to snuggle. Excellent stitching and colors.
My grandson was extremely happy.  It came exactly when it was supposed too. My grandson was extremely happy.
Exactly as pictured, quick shipping
Love the stubby  I looked at other short ratchet wrenches for a specific application that needed the short length. The Maxcraft one really filled the bill.  It's just the right length and came with both 1/4 and 3/8 drives.  The handle is wide and covered in a soft material that makes it very comfortable to use.  Like Oxo is for kitchen stuff.  Good quality and solid feel.
Big, bad, and totally PINK!  I am the volleyball size inter-galactic planet-like Kirby. Kneel and Obey to your gastronomic master. Cute I am! Cuddly of course..... but, beware when the postmaster tells you that I need my own zip code!
My daughter loves this guy!!!
As advertised - excellant
Love this Plush!  This Gaara Plush is sooooo cute and was soooooo worth getting!! Love it love it love it!! BIG NARUTO FANS IN THIS HOUSEHOLD!!!
she is 2 and it is the perfect size.  my granddaughter loves it. she is 2 and it is the perfect size.
A perfect gift for my older brother!
Very soft and cute!  I just received her and let me tell you, she. is. gorgeous! The picture doesn't really do her any justice. Once you get her in person and feel how soft and cuddly she is, you'll know you made the right decision. Speaking of which, since this came directly from China, I'm not entirely sure if it is a bootleg or not but i can tell you this. This is made with MUCH better quality and material than NA anime company Great Eastern. I've had 6 plush dolls from them and they are: not as soft, ripped, mishapen body parts, and nowhere near as cute <3 I highly recommend this to anybody, not just Sailor Moon fans. I'm buying the rest of the set!!!!
The Perfect Pluto  This plush is an  authentically styled Pluto. It is made of excellent quality materials and extremely soft. I bought it for my 3 yr old granddaughter who is a great Pluto fan. She is going to love this plush!
Hard to find item, found it here!  Purchases as a gift.  One for my daughter and one for a friend who had been through a lot and needed a little pick me up.  The items arrived quickly - as they were not available anywhere around Chicago or LA.  Both of the recipients were VERY happy to have their Frozen friend.  Good quality and good value.  THANKS!
Adorable! My son will love it :)
yay link plushie  what a cool little figure. glad i found him online probablly costs 20 bucks at hot topic. glad i bought it.
Bought both the Elmo and Cookie Monster version.  Grandbabies are loving them.
Happy  So cute! Worth the price, it is very soft and very well made. Got here early too! Very happy with this purchase.
So cute that hurts  My parent are scared. My dogs always bark when it's near. But I don't care. I love it. It's so cute that hurts!
This Boov is awesome!!!  He is so cute and my girls love him.
Great gift  My granddaughter absolutely loved this!
Was a gift. Very well received.
Cute...  I actually found Olaf that talks..Loved it!
I love this dog i bought it for my son i wish i would have gotten me one too.
Instant Sucess  This tool is so verstalite and works at all angles extremely well. I have other multi angle tools and this one doesn't even compare. Hands down one of the best buy's of recent.
Cute.
Pokemon-Tomy-Umbreon-Very Cute!  My daughter loves this! She has been taking it everywhere. It's an official Tomy branded Umbreon so we are very happy! It says it's 9 inch but looks smaller. Maybe they stretch those ears out! It's well made, it will last through the Pokemon faze!
So adorable! Used for an elephant themed baby shower and it was perfect!!
This little Tigger was perfect for our little newborn grandson  This little Tigger was perfect for our little newborn grandson! Soft and sized just right. His big brother has always carried "Eyore" so couldn't be happier.
So stinkin cute  Loved it
Baby loves it!
My daughter loves Elmo!  Simple no nonsense Elmo with  o plastic parts as I know how small kids can be with their habit of eating everything up. Yes... Little children can sometimes be compared to sharks where chewing is part of their growing up process.
Made a great gift.  Really cute. Made a great gift.
Great merchandise for a great price.  Fast shipping while the quality is great. The clothes and details were perfect, as seen in the picture shown.
Buy it!  Perfect! She is so happy with domo! Great size. You will luv it great quality. You will live it long time
Sweet Minnie  Used this to top a Minnie Mouse doll cake.  It looked great, and my granddaughter loved the cake and was pleased to have the blanky to keep.
Chewbacca Angry bird was a big hit!!  I gave this to my 9 year old grandson and he loved as did his 4 year old brother. Good quality and good price.
super cute! my best friend loved it and it came in great condition!
Recommended  Received on time and two year old loves her Barney doll. Nicely constructed and not funky looking like some Barney dolls I have seen.
My Grand daughter LOVES Furby!  She loves playing with the Furby and the application on her IPAD.  The look on her face when she received this gift was priceless! Delivery was quick and easy. I would definitely recommend this product.
We bought this adorable Furby for our granddaughter's 10th Birthday. She is so happy to have her.
Perfect.  My daughter loves this little guy!  She is a big fan of the hulk and this was the perfect smaller companion for her to take with her or snuggle up with.
Grandson loved it
Very nice Rouge plush  Very nice Rouge plush. She's very firm and feels like she'll last for years. The stitching and detail are wonderful. I love that she's wearing her Sonic Adventure 2 outfit, my favorite game. Great plush to have if you love the Sonic The Hedgehog series and also a good present for a friend who likes Sonic as well.
Very cute
Perfect  Loved my purchase, excellent quality and great price!
Great toy!  This is a great toy. Well made and lots of fun for the little ones. Highly recommended.
Favorite gift.
Very cute!  Great gift for my niece, she loves it
One of the if not the best out there!
daughter loves it
Just another tool to entertain your pet.  Stands up to a dog's abuse really well.
Worth the wait  Took absolutely forever to arrive  be patient, cause it was over a month shipping  but my son loves it and it is such a rare toy that all h is Pokemon-loving friends are envious!
super cute  classic Hello Kitty plush to put in your collection. We have several beanie babies but this is stands out most
excellent thanks
so adorable
Very nice Plush!  Just as described! Very nice Plush!!
Our 2 year old loves this toy.  He has fun figuring out the buckles and at the same time learning and matching the colors.  Great choice that his big Sis made for our boy.
Just as described
My little gizmo  The gizmo doll is very realistic. It looks just like the one in the movie. The doll's ears are about 11 inches across and the doll is about 8 inches tall. I bet your going to really like this Plush Gizmo Doll, my son treats him like a member of the family. Thank you for reading.
My kid loves Angry Birds!  My son is going through an Angry Birds stage, and loves these plush 8" toys. If you can get them under $10 including shipping (for the 8") I think it is well worth it. No sound on this fabric toy.
GREAT  I didn't realize that it was as big as it really was! Soft and great quality!
Love it!  My daughter loves this dog!  She sleeps with it every night!  He's so cute, who wouldn't love him?!  She was very happy to get him for her birthday.  He's a good size, also.
Looks real.
Very cute and durable  I got this for my 5 and 6 year old boys and they love him. My boys are very rough on their toys and so far this little guy is taking a beating with no sign of wear.
This came quickly and was just what Little One wanted.
Cute, with Orange Shirt  Very cute! If anyone is concerned regarding the actual colour of this particular Miffy's shirt, it is far more authentically orange than the burgundy as illustrated in this product description. I was very pleased when it arrived!
Great item!
Cute Chick-a-dee!  Fluffy Plushie!!  You will cuddle it, sleep with it, and make it your best bud!
My 6 year old nephew was happy and very excited!  Thanks very great product.
My grandbaby loved the doll. It was just perfect. Thank you very much 
Adorable! !!!!! Very nicely made .
looked great in the decomesh wreath I made!
Our Puggle loves them,lol
Very pleased  Grandson was very pleased. Grandma was very pleased with price. Shipped out quickly and received in perfect condition.
Perfect condition.
Excellent!  It is beautilful and arrived fast
Great entertainment for travel with a toddler.
Came exactly as pictured. This character is hilarious :)
Another Cute Hello Kitty  Came in perfect condition. Daughter loves it!.
A new member of our family...  "Santa" delivered this toy in my 3y/o son's stocking this past year. It hasn't left his sight since. It was purchased at Target for a lower price, but I'm thankful to find it on Amazon. I plan to purchase a back up, so should something happen to the one we have I can easily sneak in a replacement.
Buckle turtle!  Got this for my daughter when she was 21 months old, and she still loves it!  The turtle is a good size (some of the other animals are quite large), and the buckles are good entertainment during car trips.
It was a hit.  I bought this for my best friend for her birthday. This particular one was hard to find so I'm glad I finally did. Now she has all four!
LOVED IT
adorable shark  this was cuter in person! I bought it for my sons jake and the neverland pirates easter theme basket. it is perfect, and extremly soft which he will love. I will be buying him the others :)
My niece loves Woody and tsum tsums...
My 12-year old son Loves It!  Read his review.  Best plush toy ever!  It has a soft material with a wire skeleton going down the tail to position it in any shape or form.  It was a lot larger than I expected.  I think it is a little bit bigger than the chestburster in the movies.  The realism on this chestburster would probably be 4 stars out of 5 because the teeth and the inner mouth are kind of crappy.  The rest of the alien exceeded my expectations.  Seeing the high quality of the toy, I would think that it would cost $40, so it is definitely worth your money.  I hope this is helpful. :)
Awesome plushie!!!  It's definitely a great and beautiful plushie. I love to carry mine around since it's easy to get it to stay put since it's bendable.
I love this sweet Ugly Doll, and so does my son  I got this for my son for his first birthday. His older brother got Babo's Bird as a gift when he was born and he has always liked it, so I thought my second son would like one, too. He loves it. I showed it to him and he immediately grabbed it and hugged it and he sleeps with it every night. They are super-soft, easy to clean (very important for little kids!) and, because he's kind of flat, sometimes my son uses him as a pillow, too. They're very light-weight, so it's easy for my one-year-old to pick up and move around. You can't go wrong with an Ugly Doll and I think OX is particularly cute.
Works great and is an excellent product  Works great and is an excellent product,I would buy it again if I needed another one and the transaction was awesome to...
and am very happy with the doll  I previously gave this seller a one star review over a shipping misunderstanding, but I was finally able to locate my package, and am very happy with the doll. It is a great addition to our Tim Burton Collection and I know my daughter will love it!
worth a million  I bought this for my grandson for his birthday and his face lit up like a Christmas tree when he saw it. Was worth a million to see his face.
Perfect plush!  Lovely plush and the perfect size for my little grandson. I only wish they made a giraffe in same price point and quality as those are his favorite!
If you're kid is a Kirby fan, this is the toy for you!  My kids are obsessed with Kirby so for the holidays we decided to get them both a Kirby and a Meta-Knight.  When they opened the presents they were ecstatic!  The toy is a nice size and perfect for their little hands (they are 6 & 8 yrs old).  After over a month of play, they are holding up great.  I highly recommend this item.
Love this Haru plush
great little talking Olaf!  Small and adorable.
loved it
Pretty cool. My daughter loves it, seems decently made compared to most plush dolls these days.
Rabbit  It is very adorable, just like the rabbit in the books.  Very cute, you won't be disappointed.  Good quality.
A bit smaller than I imagined but still great value for a Bubbleguppies toy  Bubble puppy is cute!  A bit smaller than I imagined but still great value for a Bubbleguppies toy.
Sooo Cute!!!  This is the cutest little guy.  My Granddaughter saw it while surfing Amazon site and asked if I would give to her for Easter.  He is A pretty pink color. She is asperger syndrome and loves all the movie and gaming characters.  Excited to give this to her tomorrow to add to get collection.
Great buy!  My daughter loves this product. A perfect addition to her bad kitty library.
Amazingly life-like  I bought this little guy as a present for my sister, who adores hedgehogs and owns a real live one of her own, to add to her ever-growing collection of hedgie paraphernalia. I've always admired the quality of Nat and Jules stuffed animals, and this hedgehog is no exception - in her collection of 30+ stuffed hedgehogs, this one is without question the cutest and most life-like. It's also perhaps twice the size of an actual hedgie, making it perfectly sized for a kid to cuddle. Very pleased with this purchase!
too cute!!  he is cute and just perfect for my lil nephew!  I liked how he came with batteries too...so excited about christmas
A keeper!  I must have anything labeled "Star Wars Death Star."  I don't know why, but I love this thing.  It's super soft--almost looks like it's for a baby or pet.  It crunches is my hand (is super cushy--is this even a word??)--and very lightweight.  I doubt it could hurt a fly.  The best part, however, is when you throw it.  It makes the "Death Star" sound.  Very amusing to babies, pets, kids and adults a like.  I just had to have it and it's a keeper.
Super soft!  My daughter received this for Christmas and she loves it! It is so soft and cuddly and it gives the best hugs ever!
i love boxie  who ever designed this must have really loved Box Turtles  because I love this plush!
It was great! It made the perfect birthday gift for my friend!
Amazing  I love this so much!
This little thing is adorable. My son (3) loves Humphrey  This little thing is adorable. My son (3) loves Humphrey. Needless to say, Humphrey got dirty with all kinds of unspeakable contaminants pretty quickly. So, according to directions, I should have been able to throw Humphrey in with the wash on a regular cycle, and dry him just the same. Well...I was able to! He came out smelling much less like a factory and more like a field of summer flowers in full bloom at daybreak, stitching in perfect condition, short fuzzy hair impeccable. Definitely worth the almost $20, because when my son isn't cuddling him, I definitely am.
Amazing plush  This plush doll is amazing. When it first arrived, it had no damage or was sent into the wrong place. It looks visually amazing and cute, and it was well worth the money and value. It also shipped a snack when it arrived at my house today. I am looking forward to see more Pokemon Center toys when they are released or available in stock.  Value: 5/5. Shipping: 5/5. Delivery: 5/5. Quality: 5/5.  Overall grade: A+.
A must-have for any Oliver and Company fan!  I bought this item for my daughter who absolutely adores Dodger from Oliver and Company. Dodger is very cute, durable and cuddly.  For all you Dodger fans out there, this is a must-have! One of the best purchases I've made.
It was very good quality my nephew loved it great buy 4 the cost very pleased
Great product!  Received quickly. Very cute, I can't wait to see how much fun we have with this!
For the kids.  Great quality good price. Use this as an interactive toy  in the classroom and it has to be durable as its thrown around for the children to catch and talk exercise.
Five Stars for Toy, but Pricing Is Very Iffy!  Some Richard Scarry toys are very hard to find, and unfortunately some retailers are taking advantage of this by offering highly fluctuating pricing. In their defense, perhaps it's viewed as a collectible. But I was looking for a gift for my daughter, and wasn't planning to spend so much on such a small "stuffed animal" type toy.  So, if you're considering buying this, I recommend you do a thorough search for this item on Amazon, because it's often available from different sellers simultaneously (I found it initially for a reasonable price, with low shipping, then the next day the price had doubled, was only available through a different seller, and with very high shipping costs).  Bottom line: Yes, it's a cute toy, and the bendy aspect is nice, but be warned about the pricing, which can vary quite a lot. Is it worth $30+ for a 7" toy? Perhaps for collectors, but otherwise? Perhaps not.
this is my four month old sons favorite toy. the music is kind of loud but he laughs like crazy and falls asleep with it. also got one for two year old niece.
What can I say? It's a minion  A minion is as popular today as Care Bears were in years past. It's well made and soft and cuddly. I can't say that I know their names, but the recipient of this gift knew exactly which minion this was.
My daughter loves it!  Adorable.  My 2 year old is a HUGE Peppa fan, and this made her day.  It's a beanie baby, so expect it to be that size.  Peppa Pig stuff is severely overpriced, so to get this at a decent price made me and my daughter happy.
good.
Great birthday present
Very good elf on the shelf
Amazon had it when ALL the Disney stores were sold out.  I bought this during Christmas as one of the gifts for my gf because it reminds me of her so much. At this time, I called the 15 of closest Disney stores including Disneyland, and all of them were sold out. Amazon shipped it to me in one day. I don't know what else to say about this. Note: do not straighten its hair...My gf tried to...and it melted.
I'm over 30 and want one too.  I got this as an inside joke for my friend while she was in the hospital. It was gray instead of the brown shown but otherwise it was adorable! Nice and soft. The eyes were thread instead of buttons so you don't have to worry about choking hazards. I was confused about the beads in the belly but found it also kind of soothing to feel so that might answer that. I want one for myself now too but my dogs would shred it in seconds.
Fast service.  No damage
Sucha  cute little doggie.  I got this for my 3 yr old grand daughter's birthday. She LOVES Itty Bitty Boo!
Well made  Well made and bigger than I thought it was originally.
So cute!  Bought two for my grandsons, and they just love Boo! Very cute, and perfect size for cuddling. Item was received in a quick amount of time!
My 21 month-old daughter LOVES this Buckle Toy. She gets a great feeling of accomplishment when she snaps all the buckles and never gets tired of playing with it at least once a day. Fantastic learning tool / toy!
So adorable!  Exactly as advertised. About 7 inches tall.
Great product
Baby Hamper  I purchased the Lambs and Ivy Hamper and was very nice. My daughter saw it on the website. Glad I bought it.
Excellent purchase for a new baby  Beautiful product, love the story that accompanies the doll!!  I gifted this to a new baby, named Elsie!
Super soft  One of my best purchases. Really great price for the size and great quality. This alpaca is super soft! The stitching is really good.  I would recommend this to people who loves alpacasos or just cute things :)
I know it's not a dog toy, but my Yorkie puppy loves this toy!
this is a present for an Animal lover  I can't wait to give it to her. I looked before and this particular character was hard to find...and when I did find him, he was in the 40.00+ range. This is perfect for what she needs/wants it for. She wants to put it in the back window of her 1975 CJ-5 Jeep. She calls her Jeep the Animal. Hope she likes it.
My son loves these
Perfect  Arrived in excellent condition and was everything that I expected. My granddaughter loved it.  Good quality and was as promised.
Adorable.
Bought this for my GF and she loves it!!!! I have no complaints
... is obsessed with buckles and this toy did not disappoint.  My son is obsessed with buckles and this toy did not disappoint.
good
grandson loves Jalapeno
Adorable!  We are huge fans of The Walking Dead, so when I saw this little guy, I just had to get him for my husband.  He loved it!
Fun for car  Ok this thing grew on us over a few days and we love it!!
So cute and love the goodnight song! Much like the "glow worms" I grew up with!
Good for Toddlers and Fun for Adults  Hilarious.  Gave it to my 1.5yo niece, who loved it.
As advertised
Great collectible plush  Another anime collectible for my twelve year olds shelf. He's very pleased with it and it's a nice size. No complaints!
So cute and the perfect size for cuddling! He's also super soft :3!
Lovely no mistakes.
Great quiet toy for my inquisitive 19mon old  My grandson has always had a fascination with the buckles on his highchair, car seat etc.  this toy has kept a busy on the go little boy sitting for 10 minutes in my lap. Win win
Just as stated/advertised!!
Product arrived on time. My son loves his new airplane!
AWESOME!!!!  Saw people walking around Disneyland wearing this and wanted it because its adorable, but it was $60.  Loved getting the exact same Chewbacca back pack and saving $20!!!  Its so cute the way it looks like he's hugging you while you're wearing it!!!
Would recommend.  Well made and as advertised.  Would recommend.
Realistic Piglet for Pooh fans  exactly what we wanted
not bad  decent quality, the boy loves it.
Great dog toy!  I bought this as a dog toy for my little dog. He loves toys that make noise so baby rattles are the best. He absolutely loves this toy it is his total favorite. Ive recommended this ball to two other friends whose dogs feel the exact same way. Well worth the wait
Perfect suggling size  Because I had checked the reviews first I expected it to be small but my bestfriend loves it I gave it to her for her 24th birthday and it was love at first sight perfect suggling size and really cute
Nice item at a good price. Thanks!
Love this little plush bought it for a baby shower diaper cake came out perfect!
My son loves it!  The quality is very good.  It's a bit more stiff than the other characters but it's very well done and it looks great.  The colors are nice and bright and the material is good quality.
Basic enemy  if you get chain chomp this is a must. Surprisingly small but yet, perfect size compared to other plushies.
Adorable, well-made plush!  I bought this plushie because Homura is my favorite character, and I was not disappointed! Her outfit is very detailed and cute, and her hair is very accurate to drawing length. I love all the details in this plush such as the soul gem on her hand, the blush on her cheeks and the passive expression Homura is known for. The only things I don't like are the hanger (I don't plan on using her as a keychain) and how her hair can bunch together at the back. Other than that I'd change nothing about her. :) If you're a big Homura or Madoka Magica fan then you should get this plush! She's worth the price.
Adorable!
Cute and soft  Good size cute and soft Hello Kitty Mermaid, well made and a real hit with my 5 year old granddaughter.
DJ Lance  My daughter loved this.  It was cute.  A must have for Yo Gabba Gabba fans. It completed our set of dolls from the series
This was a present for a friend, she loved it!  and loved the cute note they sent with the package.
Took quite a long time to get here, but my Grandson loves it!
Boo!  the cutest dog in the world is all the craze these days & my 2nd grade daughter was thrilled to receive this little guy!
Excellent quality and HUGE!  Really well made and HUGE!  Great quality!
my grandson wanted angry birds pig for birthday.
great plush  My daughter love it she told me she called him crappy doll and always bring him to bed with her every day now.
My grandchildren love it.  Very cute and well made.  My grandchildren love it.
Great retro toy for our puppy at Christmas
Good service! Great product  Thanks!  Good service!  Great product!
She loved it
Great toy for travel and restaurants  Well made toy that keeps my 22 mo.granddaughter busy!
We love it! It's so cute. Will look awsome in the nursery.
Daughter loved it. Fast shipping and great price
Bigger than expected  Bigger than expected, son collects the plush and it is front and center on his collection shelf.
Very cute  The plush is very soft and cuddly and I'm glad I bought this one :3
Super Amazing Sailor Venus  I am a die hard Sailor Moon Fan and in order to honour the 20th Anniversary I decided to purchase both Sailor Venus  and Sailor Mars Plush Dolls and put them on display. They're awesome and cute and look like the character and are the perfect size. You should definitely purchase them
My 6 yr old DD LOVED getting this HUGE package full of Peppa Pig and all her friends! I ordered this anticipating that it would arrive in about 28 days in time for my DD birthday in January, but the package only took about 10 days, so I gave them to her for Christmas instead! That was a bonus!  My only complaint(s) is one of the character's legs/feet were sewn on backwards, and the seam on the back of Peppa's dad came unsewn a little bit. I asked my DD what she thought happened, and she said that the elf who made them must have been really tired from working so hard in Santa's shop. She got a big kick out of thinking that might be the reason. I would buy them again!
Granddaughter's Delight  This was part of my granddaughter's Christmas gift.  She was thrilled when it arrived.  It sits in a place of honor in her room.  Beautiful craftsmanship.
love it
Just what I wanted  Really happy with this plush. I teach a mammalogy class and am using to as a demonstration of the adaptive characteristic desert mammals have...thus this was perfect.
My granddaughter loves this stuffed animal.  She carries it with her everywhere she goes!
omg this is sick. its a plush ATAT
She's perfect.
These are great quality and larger than I imagined  These are great quality and larger than I imagined, about 8 inches or so. My daughter loves them. They do have a string with a suction cup attached that I was unaware of, but you could cut that off if you want. Good purchase!
Grandson LOVED this toy  This was a 5 th birthday gift for our grandson.  As soon as he ripped off the paper he squealed and just went crazy,  he really loved this set.  His grandpa got big hugs and kisses for this one.  I don't think we have ever gotten quite that reaction with anything else we've given him.  The next day his mother told me she was having a hard time getting him away from the  set long enough to eat.  There are a LOT of small pieces to the set and some easily breakable.  Our grandson likes detail so it's great for him, but I'm not sure that's the same for all 5 year-olds.  Because of the fact there are so many breakable parts, I give it only 4 stars for durability, but other than that I give it a big 5 stars.
Cuddly  This is made just like the Cookie Monster I ordered for my Grandbaby, soft and cuddly without hard battery boxes. Perfect!
Not a Snap, But Fun  A very clever toy.  I purchased this for my two year old twin grand daughters.  Would love to have gotten one for each child, but the toy is not cheap.  However, a good opportunity for sharing ensued.  It was just enough of a challenge without frustration.  I knew they would like it because they buckle themselves into their high chairs.   They already know their colors, so matching the buckles was fun.  Then they got creative, and experimented with one color to another color.   Initially, I thought "Buster" was too small.  On the contrary, it is perfect for little hands.  They take him around with them.  Loved hearing, "I did it!".
Purchased as a gift for my sister and she loved it.
Nananananana Batman!!  My son loves Batman. This is for his birthday. Can you guess his reaction when he sees this?! Yes, through the roof squeals! Thanks for selling an affordable toy for my son. :)
great
daughter loves it!
You made a sick friend happy  I looked far and wide trying to match a stuffed poodle face with an actual white poodle. This was perfect.  A friend is ill and will be traveling for treatment. She has a frisky white poodle that she dearly loves. I wanted to get her a stuffed one she can take with her. Most that I have seen did not have realistic faces. Yours was the only one with the perfect snout and large deep black eyes and nose and just the right size.  It is also silky to the touch and the body is just squishy enough for a pleasant hug. Thanks for the great design!
Daughter loves it  My daughter loves this! She's a Hello Kitty TY collector.
Sven is great!  I bought this for my niece for Christmas who loves the movie "Frozen".  We weren't disappointed at all!  He's real cute and cuddly, and his legs have wire in them so they can be moved a little for standing.  Great buy!
Official Nintendo Mario Plush Series Stuffed Toy  Colors are great and is well-made.  It's has been thrown around a lot and is holding up really well.  Easy to clean/wash.  Would recommend.
Great fine motor practice  Great practice for my toddler who thinks she's little miss independent. Keeps her busy for at least 15 minutes at a time which is quite a feat for an almost 2 year old.  I've also definitely noticed improvements with her fine motor skills, especially with zippers and the clips that have a button in the middle to release. The only complaint I have is that it only has three kinds of buckles and the pinch ones are a little difficult for little hands.
Furby boom  Got this for my granddaughter for Christmas.  She absolutely loved it. Got one for each granddaughter, they were very tickled
My daughter really really liked it
Perfect  My son loved him. He's so soft and perfect holdable size. He named him peanuts. Such a cute elephant calf.
Super cute. My daughter loves this stuffed animal!
Max Love  cute and cuddly
LOVE IT!  So cute! A must have for Black Panther fans! He arrived quickly, a lot faster than I thought he would.
Nice to have a toy just for that  My daughter loves this toy! She loves bucking things. Nice to have a toy just for that!
Small bunnies for Small children  My grandchildren loved the chocolatey smell.
3 year old great-granddaughter loved this doll and carried it around with her all Christmas day.
Too Cute  This is one of my daughter's favorite pokemon and mine too. He is so adorable and definitely needed if you collect plushes of pokemon
A gift to my girlfriend!  Haha She loves him! Her parents love him! Everybody loves Sulley! And that's why he's the big monster on campus! xD
Toddler says this is the ultimate Shaggy Dog.  This is our third Bunnies By The Bay Shaggy Dog. Yes, it is pretty much the ugliest stuffed dog you can find. However, when we initially saw it in World Market our toddler son decided this was HIS toy and the ONLY toy he will sleep with at night. Unfortunately our doberman decided Bruno the Shaggy Dog was a delicious, ugly snack. So we came on amazon desperately trying to remember the name of the brand of Bruno. We googled "Ugly Stuffed Dog from World Market" and found "Did you mean..." with Bunnies by the Bay. It sounded familiar but we didn't see Bruno on there. So we came to Amazon desperate to find Bruno V.2 about two minutes after finding a beloved, but decapitated, Bruno in the living room and stuffing all over Doberman Astro's face. Within 24 hours, yes we paid the 11.99 for one day shipping, we received Bruno V.2 on our doorstop. Toddler immediately stopped his screams for "BOOOONEY" that we could not fulfill and immediately napped with Bruno V.2 tucked under his arm. And so, a month later we realized Brunie V.2 would inevitably face execution by Astro again, and purchased Bruno V.3 as a backup. He is now safely in his Amazon Prime box packaging, sealed, with "Open In Case of Bruno Emergency" on the front.  And so, Bunnies By the Bay, THANK YOU for this ugly dog who makes my child's heart so full. We appreciate your quick shipping and quality stuffy. Please don't think Astro's mauling of Bruno V.1 as an indication of the quality of your products, he also mauled a steel cooking pot and consumed a GPS at 16 weeks old.
Awesome size partners with sully
nice product  nice product
Just the right size for babies  While the Elmo I received was not exactly the same one that is pictured (color is a bit off) - it was close enough. My son can't tell the difference. It has been through the washer a handful of times now and it is still soft and fluffy. Great buy.
Five year-old granddaughter loved them the minute she saw them!
My toddler love it. Soft material, easy to hold and carry.
Great stickers!
Kawai!  So cute hehe love it ^^
Super cute.
Awesome! Just as described,  super fast shipping!
Love it!  So cute...and very soft...Love it!!!
My son loves it!
A present  I loved it when it arrived and will be  purchasing one for myself.  Just noticed the price increased.--popular again??  humm
Nice for the book bag  Lives up to expectations and shipped in a small box .Nice for the  book bag .
:)  Friend like it very much wish it was bigger
Love it
My granddaughter will love it!
It fantastic, look just like my real one  It fantastic,  look just like my real one, just on a much much smaller scale
Great quality!  Three grandaughters loved these!  Excellent quality!  They attached them to their backpacks, and coat zippers. And kept some just to play with!
Loved it!  It's a very cute and well-detailed replica of Master Yoda.
Great quality... Daughter loves them!  They look great, very cool and my daughter loves them! They're stuffed animals, so not much else I can say about them.
Adorable  My daughter LOVES Rapunzel and she just had to have Pascal to finish the look.  He is a great size and just adorable.  They captured his personality in the plush.
excelente
A Cute Tinker Bell Plush  I bought this as a gift for one of my friends who has, and apparently always will be, a little obsessed with Tinker Bell. This plush seemed like the perfect gift. It does take a bit of the "sass" out of her look and adds a little more "cute," but I like that.  It arrived in pristine condition, just as it was described. I wrapped it up and sent it off for my friend's birthday, and she loves it.  I'm not exactly sure how great it works as a toy, as my friend doesn't exactly get into intense doll-playing. So I can't report on how well the material holds under lots of use, but it makes for a nice adornment to my friend's room.  A great gift for the fairy-inclined friend (or yourself).
My little one loves these!  My kiddo is very rough on these, but they hold up and do really well in the wash (air dry). I've got several of the animals, and just use her preferred pacifier type.
Biggest and Best Flareon Plushie - Super Fluffy!  Although this is not an official Pokmon plush, it is definitely the biggest and best Flareon plushie ever created! It is big, soft, and super adorable! Flareon is one of my top favourite Eeveelutions and Fire-types.  You will not find a single identifying tag on this plush (no hang tag or tush tag), as it is a custom pattern based directly on the awesome TakaraTomy small Flareon plush pattern (added photos to compare the two)  only expanded to two times the size! It is a perfect replica of the real Flareon, accurately designed, and not one detail is missing (besides the paw pads).  The materials used to make this plush are high-quality, vividly coloured bright flaming orange and yellow, and super-soft. Of course, being a lion-like long-haired cat Pokmon, this Flareon plushie is particularly fluffy with his big bushy mane, fiery forehead tuft, and stout fluffy flame-shaped tail. The fluffy minky bright yellow material used for his mane, tuft, and tail, is so sublimely soft! I love to stroke his mane, and he is one of my favourite Pokmon plushies to snuggle with. He is adorably pudgy and plumply stuffed. This big 13 inch Flareon is "purr-fect" for cuddling, as he is squishy-soft all around. He has an adorable catlike face with a tiny blunt muzzle and a little triangle-shaped black nose; his almond-shaped black eyes are very nicely embroidered, as well as his cute smile. His rabbit-like ears are very long, with flares along the top; however, they are not stuffed or internally wired, so they are not supported and tend to flop back. His lovely detailed front paws are sewn together, and I would not advise separating them, as it might result in damaging the plush.  There is only one issue that you may or may not encounter with this Flareon plush. Like other reviewers mentioned, I had a strange problem with my Flareon  he was bald! The yellow tuft on his forehead was detached when I removed him from the package; it had not even been sewn on, so the plush was defected from the factory. Of course, if you know how, you could sew it back on, but I kindly requested a non-defected Flareon plush from the seller I had ordered it from, and he quickly sent me a new replacement Flareon with the tuft intact, free of charge.  (Ive added photos to show the "bald" Flareon compared to the non-defected one.) Poor baldy Flareon. . . Some day when I have the time, I'll sew his hair back on -- unless he doesn't mind being bald, of course. It does make him unique. :)  I ordered this beautiful extra-large Flareon plush from a very kind and honest seller on eBay. These extra-large Eeveelution plushies are made in and sold from China, so it will take some time to ship, but it is worth the wait. Again, this is not an official Nintendo plush, but in my personal opinion it is actually better than any official Flareon plush currently available. I have both the small TakaraTomy Flareon and the Banpresto I Love Eevee large Flareon, but this one is my favourite because it is so large and fluffy. It is a truly awesome size, durable, well-made, and so cute! Highly recommended to children and collectors -- and cat lovers! I love this fiery lion Pokemon.
Good purchase  Bought for a granddaughter who loved putting her seat belts together.  It was too soon, she was only 1 yr. old.  Now at 18 months this is what she uses to help her take her nap.  When she goes to bed I make sure all the buckles are open and she does have to put them together.  This is a well made toy, and she can fall asleep on it and not get hurt.
my brother really liked it.  It is cute, my brother really liked it.
Homura plush  Writing this from my dad's account. :P I got this as a gift, and love her!! Homura is very detailed and durable. Her hair is really soft and feels like a blanket. It was fun to put another shirt on her and make her transform. I've had her for months now and she still looks brand-new! Also a good prop for cosplaying Homura.
My wife loves it!!  My wife grew up loving unicorns so I thought she would like a huge one.  She loves it.  Thank you Waliki for your fast shipping and excellent product.
Amazing for a small gift. Very fluffy and huggable.
great for the price
Love the look just like in the picture and was bigger than I thought it would be
Cute and So Soft!  Omg my daughter loves this little guy and he is so so soft and cuddly. I couldn't be happier! Thank you :)
loved it
Cute and well made!  So cute - my son loves it. It's really well made.
Perfect for planes or car trips  This toy is great! It enteretained my 18 month old during take off and landing on a plane. It's small enough to travel and has a lot to keep toddlers entertained.
Super Soft and Cuddly  My daughter wanted a stuffed narwhal and they are almost impossible to find.  I was worried she wouldn't like this one as it is a little small (half of it is the horn/tooth), but she loves it!
i like FNAF
Yo!  I went online to find this, because I heard about them from France. He told me he bought a stuffed version of Man-Brows, and uses it to...relieve tension. I guess that means he hits it or something.  Needless to say, I had to join in on the fun! It's not very often I get to win arguments against Iggy, and this was my perfect chance! I ordered it, and when it came, I yelled my thanks to the mailman, who ran away from me for some reason. I guess he didn't appreciate enthusiasm over his wonderful services.  As soon as I opened it, I had planned on hitting it. But then, I looked into the little eyes, so close to that of the original, and couldn't bring myself to hit it. Now, I carry it with me all throughout the house, and even have little fantasies in which I could get along with the real England so well.  What's that mean?!  If only the real Arthur wasn't such a stick in the mud, he might be invited to my house more. Either way, I'm satisfied with my product, and it helps me feel better about my actual friendship with Iggy.  I guess that means I can tell France it helps me relieve stress too!
Excellent
Big and fluffy
Nice  Very nice! Super cute and soft and perfect for a collection. Only problem is a small stitching error
Best dog Toy on Earth  Though Not it is not its intended purpose, the ugly doll makes the most amazing  dog toy on the planet. My border collie goes through her dog toys in a day! my sons ugly dolls hold up to her. it's been  been months and not one of the ugly dolls has been demolished. If you are looking for an amazing dog toy by an Ugly Doll!
Our 2 year old granddaughter is fascinated with her car seat buckles and high chair buckles and she loves this toy.  Plus, she is learning to match up the colors.  Very well-made quality toy!
Very nice!  Easy to remove inside battery and voice box. Truly makes it easier to clean and change batteries.
Stuffed Rocky  My daughter is OBSESSED with Paw Patrol and she loves her Rocky!
Very satisfied  Great plushy. I thought it would be a bit bigger not sure how they measure them but they seem to run a bit smaller than advertised. Also arrived a whole two weeks earlier than expect. Was provided with tracking even when it was overseas.
Such a cute addition to my son's nursery! It is a soft plush that makes the noise from the show. We did a Doctor Who photo shoot for my son so here is a photo for size comparison.
Sesame Street Elmo.  Yes I purchased Elmo for my little Great grandson and he just loves him. He is 15 months old and he just adores his Elmo.
This plush is SOOO cute 50,0000  #cutest Pokemon plush ever
Love it!  Very soft and cuddly, just the right size for my 2 year old niece. He is also weighted so he can sit up by himself. Love it!
Granddaughter loves Pete the cat and his groovy buttons!
My kids best friend :)
It's the perfect size for my daughter  Not tiny, but not huge. It's the perfect size for my daughter.
Looks nice  I bought this for my son's kinder teacher and it was a nice gift.  She seems to like it and pulls it out when reading the story.
My husband absolutely LOVES this since he loves Moogles.
Stablemate saw horses  These are great saw horses; Simple to use, easy to set up, they stay closed when not in use and are very solid when set up.
great Christmas gift  Love it and my grandkids will too!
Love it.
Adorable  Very nice doll which I bought for my 17 month granddaughter. She loves it and tries to repeat everything the doll says. My granddaughter carries it everywhere she goes.
Cube!  The perfect companion cube!  Now, my 3 year old godson will never be alone.  At least he was 3.  Now he's 4.  For him, the cake wasn't a lie.
Great plush!  Perfect for our one year old grandson, who loves it!
No words can express the joy this product brought me!!!! In love!!!
Time to monkey around!  This toy is -awesome-! I bought it as a joke to use on some of my co-workers, and they found it hysterical. This toy is safe and fun to people of all ages!
My daughter will love it!  Cute. Well Made. My daughter will love it!
Adorable!! Cute, fun, educational. Great buy!!
I am happy with the BabyFirstTV TV Tec Tractor's quality and would recommend it.
Christmas present, grand daughter loves it.
Great toy, my twin great granddaughters love them.
My niece loved it. Nice quality product.
my son loved it
Grandson loved it  This was a hit on Christmas! It received squeals of delight and lots of hugs. He loved that it rolled into a ball. He sleeps with it and when his Mom took him on a trip to visit other family, Pokeman had ro go with him along with another plush we got him. Nana rocks it once again. :-)
My son was happy when he received it.
Don't be gay spark!  haha love this
Son loves it!  This stuffed animal came in the mail adorable. My son wanted this because he is obsessed with Mario Kart 8. I ordered it for him, and he loves it. It's in his bed every night when he goes to sleep. It's too cute!
Grandson's Fav  I ordered this silly anteater for my grandson as he lost his and this is his little security blanket.  Came packaged as promised and arrived quickly - what more can I say
Looooveeeeee it
Love it~!  I got this for my Hetalia obsessed friend. It is so worth getting! Everything about it is awesome! I would suggest getting this!
Buy it ... Very nice!  Wow .. Nice, surprisely made well and designed .. It even has wire in it so it's even more fun to shape his neck ,tail and legs. ..  I love this little guy.
Great for fine motor skills  This toy is great for toddler motor control. My son loves to lock them together by color and by type.
The baby loved this, great item.
So cute!  My kid LOVES it!!!
TALKING DOLL  CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR GRANDDAUGHTER, SHE LOVED IT AND IS LOOKING FORWARD TO THE MOVIE COMING OUT IN FEBRUARY
quick delivery...as described...my grandson will be so excited...
The cutest toy!
my only complant is it falls over a whole lot...
Arrived quick and is cute and good quality!!
Cute little L.  Absolutely love this little L plushy. Hair and eyes and such are made of felt. Really love it. Must have for any L/Death Note lover.
Love it!  Admittedly much smaller than I was anticipating, but I still adore this plush. He's so soft, too, and the wire holding up his little puff-ball is much more sturdy than I thought!
Thank you!!  Love it! Not able to find anywhere else.
It is a stuffed fish  My son thought it was cool, pretty lifelike
i would definitely recommend this product ^_^  My child loves this plush,i would definitely recommend this product ^_^
Fantastic  Very well made. The details are great, quality is really good, and it is really cute. Love it, getting them all
Giant Microbes  My grandsons love their giant microbes and learn all they can about what the toy represents.  An excellent educational toy.
ELMO!  My granddaughter LOVES her Elmo!  So soft and cuddly!
Cuddly Pooh  This Pooh is so adorable! The coloring and size is perfect and it is very plush! Great for a little one to cuddle with.
Seems well made, and my granddaughter was thrilled that Santa brought him for Christmas to join her Frozen family!
Also a good all also delivery goods Has been re-purchase
Tec the Tractor  My grandson was very pleased with his Tec the Tractor. He gave Tec a kiss when he got it.
Great beanie baby!
Nice product came as described
Really too cute, fast shipping.
The doll looks just like the picture and arrived quickly.
Really soft and perfect size for cuddling  My son loves it! Really soft and perfect size for cuddling. It is not big, more like medium size.
love this little guys  They were just as cute as expected. Love me some minions.
... house I ran across this & knew he would love it. Received it in a timely manner  My nephew loves Mickey Mouse so when I went to get him some toys for my house I ran across this & knew he would love it.  Received it in a timely manner.  He came over a day later & absolutely fell in love with it.  Perfect addition for those Mickey Mouse fans out there.
This was a great purchase sort of a "treat" after my toddler son and I saw the movie in the theater! He absolutely adores it. The color is bright. It looks like Hank from the movie and it is SUPER soft. Great purchase. Of course, I could say wish it was a little more inexpensive (for a stuffed animal), but name brand and all, that costs money, lol.  It arrived on-time. It was described accurately and now is part of our stuffed animal fleet. As far as plush'ies go--- he's top notch!
Batpig Stitch  Soft and bright! Great quality. Just as expected. My batpig stitch loved it!  Check us out on: Instagram.com/batpig_stitch Facebook.com/batpigstitch
Really cute!!
COOL  This Plush doll is adorable! Ilove him sooo much! But he had some tears on him when igot him :( Thats the only problem alittle stitching and love helped! Thanks!
Product arrived as described.  Thank you very much...
A Big Hit!  I gave this Playskool Dressy Kids doll to my three-year-old granddaughter two days ago and she's lost interest in all her other dolls since receiving this one. She's carrying the soft huggable doll everywhere, from the breakfast table to bed and out shopping with her mother. It's a huge hit.  The doll is also a learning tool and while my granddaughter does know how to do these things already, she's having a great time buckling shoes, tying the hair ribbon, buttoning the little pocket, and zipping and fastening the outfit. She talks to the doll, explaining things like how to eat properly, showing her how to play games and 'reading' to her . She also named it after herself, maybe because it looks like her, right down to the reddish hair. Or maybe it's simply because she likes it so much.  There's a big pink circular clip to attach the doll to a purse or backpack. That's great, but my granddaughter hadg more fun attaching it (sans doll) to her nose. I expected the clip to be lost within twenty-four hours, but her mom went proactive and sewed the clip onto the back of the doll. Voila.  Her mom and I like it because it's lightweight and because it can be thrown in the washing machine, so it will stay clean and last a long time.
My 2 year old loves this Elmo, so soft and cuddly.
Thank goodness for Elmo!  In a *LOT* of the parenting books and articles I've read, they've recommended that your child have a lovey. We tried so hard to find a good lovey for my toddler daughter - blankets, dolls, Winnie the Pooh. Nothing, nada. We kept striking out. We even had an old Tickle Me Elmo, and while she was entertained, she was just not having it.  I found this Elmo, and I thought he was the perfect size. When he came in the mail, I told my daughter that Elmo arrived. She squealed and giggled with glee, and she grabbed him up in her arms immediately. FINALLY! Elmo is not always needed, but she definitely asks for this Elmo. He's soft, perfectly portable and a great size for my little girl.
Came intact with no broken pieces.
My friend absolutely loved it
LOVE THIS SO CUTE
Very Cute
It wa ssoooo soft and the quality was great. I would definitely purchase again  Got it for a baby shower. I almost want to keep it. It wa ssoooo soft and the quality was great. I would definitely purchase again.
Kids love it
Little one LOVES this Cookie Monster!  My 3 year old loves this Cookie Monster.  It is soft and perfect for sleeping with!  Would recommend for any Cookie Monster fan!
Pretty neat toy, perfect for christmas
Adorable, soft  Adorable, soft, and well constructed. The eyes were centered on the face and even. The stuffing was evenly distributed and contained the perfect amount for snuggling but not necessarily for display. It was made to be love on. The fur was very soft and didn't appear cheap at all. Really happy with this purchase!
My niece was thrilled with the added the surprise of a plush toy that came with Kirby's Dream Collection.
Very nice  Purchased for a young Mario enthusiast. High quality, appropriate size. Used on a daily basis & still holding up.
Daughter loved it.
9/10 But misleading.  Product was as advertised and even arrived 14 days earlier than expected. Overall ill give it a 9/10. SIDE NOTE:The wings however looked green but after trying to take a picture and claim it was a counterfeit they reappeared as blue as in the photos. This may be misleading to others as well as me or maybe it is a counterfeit either way im pretty sure it isn't and can safely say i am happy about my purchase.
cute & cuddly  My daughter loved it when she received it & still does.  She is soft, a great size & her yarn hair is very cute.  I'd definitely buy again!
they were as described and I was very pleased!  These shipped quickly, they were as described and I was very pleased!
Plush  Perfect size for my 2 year old daughter and very well made!! She loves bubble guppies!! Couldn't be more happy!!
Spot On!!!  This is exactly what we expected! This is the same product sold for much more in the stores in America. I am very impressed with this purchase!
Awesome thanks for your time to ship it
Great Product....might buy something similar  Very Good Product. Please mention the size of item or give scale showing  the size of this item, otherwise very good product. Very Satisfied
Love love, Snuffies a hit in this house.  Toddler approved and loved.  Great quality!
Great.  I've already reviewed this before, no idea why I must do it again. But it arrived at my boyfriend's sooner than expected & is in great condition. Thank you.
Adorable  For the price, this plush is wonderful. It's durable so it will be around for a long time. I stands on its own without any problems. It's small and cute, definitely no questions that it is a Tonberry. The only complaint that I have about it is that the coat  is a little bit off the traditional color. That is not a huge concern however since this toy is SO cute! I would suggest it to absolutely anyone.
funny
Hes soft and I love him
Great toy for a one year old!
not dirty, good size  Looks as pictured, not dirty, good size.
The girlfriend loved it!
Very nice plush Luna
Every toddler needs -  Minutes - practically hours - of fun. Super portable. Great toy.
Love it!  So adorable and really well made! Gave this as a gift on valentine's day and I think it went over well. Otters are very cuddly.
My daughter loves this toy. She sings along with him.
Cookie monster giggles  I bought this thing for my great-grandson's first Christmas. I knew he was too young for it, but I figured he'd grow into it. But my son, the baby's grandfather took it over instead.  It is now sitting on his desk in his home office.  This toy is one of those things that really makes you laugh and giggle.  Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!  Buy one, you'll like it.  I think it's better for grownups, than for babies anyway.
Perfect for imagination building  My three year old grandson received the three umi characters for his birthday.  He loves them, plays with them a lot, and uses his imagination to make them interact.  The toys are cute, durable, and very appealing.
The item was super soft and adorable and I loved it  The item was super soft and adorable and I loved it! Great item for a really great price. Contacted the seller for something and they replied right away!! Highly recommended.
I loved it I just wish it came in a presentation box other than that it was great
wonderful  I had the hardest time finding a unicorn in my area that was well made.  This one is perfect.  It really does stand up on its own.  It's a great size for the price too.  I got it for my niece and she feel it love with it immediately.  =)
Middle schooler tested and approved!!!  Apparently there are a lot of fakes out there and tests associated with these flush pets to prove the authenticity of them. Needless to say this one passed all tests given by my daughters middle school friends. They all love it!!
So Huggable!  This is the most adorable pig I have ever seen. It is aptly named "Cuddle Toy," because it is extremely cuddly. I like the size of it - not too big, not too small.
cute item for fans of the fnaf game, well made, fast shipping
my grandson loved it!  So cute... my grandson loved it!!!
Just the right size  My granddaughter loves her Barney!  It was the right size for little ones to hold and squeeze to make Barney sing.
AWESOME!!!
... this for me because he knew how much I loved mine as a kid  My husband bought this for me because he knew how much I loved mine as a kid. This is better than I had as a kid. The eyes are not hard. They are soft so the black won't wear off.
Super cute! Bigger than I expected! Thank you
Love it  Cute and cuddly. A bit small though.
simply adorable grandson loved it
Brought this for a prop for a film.  The fish is to be used as a prop in a film I'm hoping to make. The service was fast. The fish arrived in good condition. It looks great.
My son loves them!
Little guy loves it!  Our little guy has had one of these since he was a month old (9 months now) and loves it. For us name brand batteries, Duracell or Energizer seem to last a lot longer in this.
great!
Really great!
Gd shipping great shape  Love the item. Thankyou
kids love it
It's really cool to see an official nintales product and it's really soft.
Made for a happy Christmas.  My granddaughter loves him!
Elmo was a great size, soft  I brought Elmo to my almost 2 year old gandson to ease the transition of a new baby brother. Elmo was a great size, soft, yet very durable. My grandson now has his "baby" to give toys too, change a diaper on etc. He even trys to read to Elmo at bedtime.  He is very light too so eady to carry. I'm very happy with the purchase. The fur  and seams are holding up so far and he's taken a lot of pulling:)
Charmander plushie  Pleased with item
My daughter loves her bunny thanks for having it ,#christmas2014
Awesome Buy  Love, love, love, couldn't ask for a better plush!
I love these dolls and so does my family.
Great Gift!  I purchased this as a birthday gift for my two year old nephew and he loves it!!!  Excellent practice for little hands.
bought the monkey for grand daughters birthday, however, I love it , Don't know if I'll give it to her!!
Too cute, my girls loved it  I was asked to review this product. I really wasn't sure what to expect when I ordered the giraffe, honestly I was not expecting much. However, this is a darling stuffed toy that has a moving neck. You can position this cutie in several poses and he will hold. My girls loved this guy and wish they each had their own. I will be ordering another for my niece as well as a few more for gifts. This is not a small toy and is very nicely sized, nor is it cheaply made. Nice quality.
Better than a real dog  Very cute. Well made.  Better than a real dog.  It's quiet, doesn't require feeding and won't tear-up the furniture.
She loved it.  Bought for my 4 year old niece as a Christmas present.  She loved it.
Yay  love it but was hoping to be a bit bigger but whatever
MontyPython BlackKnight  Purchased to be given as a prize at a Python themed dinner.  Requirement was who can best perform the lines from that particular scene.
perfect with the book  Cute, perfect with the book.
I love hims  its very nice and constructed well. have had it for a long time now and no complaints. good for fans of the game
yes! very cool
The kids loved it
Very Soft and sweet. Looks so cute sitting on bookshelf in nursery.
The buckle toy was a huge hit!  My grandson is two and is fascinated with buckles - so this was a really fun toy.  The only problem is I need a more difficult one!  Thanks for such a clever toy!  Marsha Henry
Sweet Boo  Bought this with the dinosaur itty bitty boo for my niece's Leap Day birthday. Boo is super soft and adorable.  I may do this double gift again when an occasion arises.
received purchase  Buy received before the estimated time. I'm pretty happy with my teddy. Thanks you very much. Up to soon Regards Pilar
Small, but nice plush doll  I almost mistook the packaging around the doll for the regular packaging air bags that were packed in the box.  I knew it would be small (probably just a little smaller than a soda can) but it does look like the picture and feels nicely put together.  I'm satisfied with it.
my grandson loves it!
Super !!!  Kids just love this toy and start playing just after they take it out of the box !!! I have already 3 others at home.
My Granddaughter fell in love with it immediately.
DAUGHTER LOVES IT!  DAUGHTER LOVES IT!
I love the size but took to long to be delivered. Only regret was not ord
The best!  Rare difficult to find item. I'm very happy with it. I don't know why Bugs Bunny has just disappeared. Thanks a million!
Great item and super fast shipping, thanks.
My kids love it.
I like this item  I like this item
Bought this to replace a smaller one that stopped working. Love it! This is one of my grandsons favorite toys.
This one works well enough and he seems to enjoy playing with the doll  Bought this as a companion to our single pet GP until we can expand our cage and get him a real playmate. This one works well enough and he seems to enjoy playing with the doll. He rumblestruts around the doll at times, but then he'll push the doll into his hidey hut and lay next to it when he's done playing. The doll looks real enough that when my son carried it in upside down to our vet's office, the vet made a serious comment saying that he shouldn't handle GPs upside down like that until I informed him that it was a doll. As if!!! But it looks that real.
Got what I paid for, would recommend.  Cute toy. Bought this for my 8 month old niece. Package was great. Package was new, came sealed in a plastic bag inside the delivery box. Works great. I forgot that glow worms are petite. But its perfect for my niece and toddlers as well.
Pleased!  The gift arrived on the scheduled date and the recipient was delighted The product was exactly how it was described>
Great Toy - Couldn't Find Elsewhere  My children wanted this so badly, but we haven't been able to find it -- sold out everywhere around here. This is exactly like the one in the store!
My granddaughter loved it. Super soft and made well.
Adorable!
My son loves it!
she loved it
Exactly what I expected :-)  Bought this for my baby sister. She loves Blues Clues. She smiled right when she got it. No complaints. Soft, perfect size for a baby.
So cute!  Granddaughter loves the BOLT movie and characters in it.  She loves this little Rhino doll.  He looks like the character in the movie.
Kids loved it
Elmo  It's a great size Elmo doll. It's soft and fluffy.
but super realistic and very cute  Tiny, but super realistic and very cute!
A gift for my 3 year old granddaughter..along with the movie..she loves them both
Pull apart Zombie  I've been reading a lot of zombie books lately and thought this doll was pretty funny.  Right now, the little doll is being hung by his neck above my desk...makes for a great conversation piece!
Works great, good quality, my son loves it!
It was  dope
We love this Stitch  We love this Stitch! He is so cute, and very cuddly, and durable.  He's on the larger size as far as portable, cuddly toys go, but still a good buy.
Perfect my daughter loves Stich.
Soft snuggle buddy  This product is absolutely adorable!!  My daughter loved it!!  The soft 'fur' is perfect for snuggling with at night.
It is super adorable!
Super dog  Perfect small and mighty
My daughter loves it!
nice product and great service
My baby niece loves the whole set of these plushies.
Great quality. My daughter loves it!
Should survive the love of little kids :)  These little plushies were really liked by my nephew. My son has the enderman and he swings/spins  him around by the legs all the time. So far no rips or tears, so they appear to be pretty sturdy.
Granddaughter loves it.
Kids love the plush toy
Nicely made - quite realistic looking
This went perfectly with a Spring baby shower gift basket I put together - all things Peter Rabbit : )
My daughter loves this cow!
She's gonna freak!  It's elsa.  What's not to love?  My little one will go bezerk for it.
So a some =-O
Wewatch the movie together a lot  Grand daughter loves it.  We watch the movie together a lot.
Soft, cute, worth the money.
Good toy for carseat and stroller  It was an immediate favorite for a grandchild who lives to do fasteners. It provides good entertainment for car seat and stroller. It is hard for him to unfasten one kind of buckle because the toy is soft and plush, but overall it's great.
My friend was very pleased with this for her new baby girl  So cute and so soft.  My friend was very pleased with this for her new baby girl.
huge...well built
Best colored Yoshi ( other than the original)  Out of all the colored yoshi toys I got other than the green original, I liked buying this the best because black is my favorite color , though. Was there ever a bad black yoshi...I don't know. Even if there is I don't care. I like ths black yoshi either way.
Sunflower needs a little support in her neck because it's bendy. Other than that my daughter loves her.
My son loves it.
nice toy
Prevents anal glands from needing to be expelled.  Helps our miniature pinscher with her bowl movements. Prevents her anal glands from needing to be expelled. I use 3/4 scoop at one meal at night.
Great!  This was a gift for my wife, who loves 'Finding Nemo', and the 'mine' scene in particular. She adores this cute seagull.
love it
Excellent Condition  Our daughter will love this for Christmas!  It is so hard to find Barney toys still in the box. She will be so surprised.
So so cute!  My kid LOVES SAO. This plush is perfect. It soft and looks just like Asuna, and goes great with the Kirito plush. A great little toy.
Love that Olaf!  I think it is really a cute toy.  The Grand daughter will love it. Arrived on  time and packed safely;
Nice toy.
She loved it.  I bought this for my 3 year old niece. She loved it.
lolThe quality is excellent!!  I bought this for my 11 year old daughter and she loves it!!! She hasn't put him down since she got him! its worth the money compaired to a real one.lolThe quality is excellent!!
Coming to cheer you up~!  I love having Youseisan around to cheer me up! Came to us very quickly after ordering. This is a must-have for any Hetalian!!
Top of Diaper cake  I used this rabbit for the top of the diaper cake for a baby shower. Found it on Amazon by accident and bought both Peter & Mrs. Rabbit. Now baby has two new toys to match the theme of her room.
Love it  Just FYI on the TY website, they sell these for $6.99 but I got these here for less than that. I love purple and hello kitty ... can't wait to display them!
Great plush  Some people are saying this is a bootleg, but if it is I wouldn't have even noticed. Great quality and feel, very colorful and soft, nice size. it does take about a month to ship from Japan however.
Cute  Angry Birds Leia, enough said.  Its small, round, and very soft. I bought these along with Luke and Vadar to have on display.  It combines two of my favorite things, Angry Birds and Star Wars. Anyone who likes both should get these little Angry Bird.
good  is a good buy
One of our best purchases ever  One of our best purchases ever. Bought this for our 2 year old for Christmas. It instantly became his special toy. Elmo sleeps with our son every night. When he first started sleeping in his own room, we could remind him to hug Elmo as he went to sleep. It's long, but still short enough our son can carry him everywhere without tripping. His fur is very soft. I love that his eyes are fabric instead of hard plastic since it makes him easier to snuggle. His face has a cute, natural expression too.
he's even cuter in person. I went to 4 stores looking for it to give to my son for his birthday. I even purchased the giant spider (also freakin adorable) as a back up just in case I couldn't find it. he'll be getting the spider for Christmas. my roommate's teenaged daughter keeps trying to steal it. he is very soft and squishy. I'd estimate he's about a 10x10" cube w/ 8-9" tentacles.
my daughter loved it!  It was exactly what my daughter wanted. She loves Kakashi and always is on the look out for Naruto items. This was the perfect xmas gift.
Design your own sock monkey  These are adorable and the kids I babysit LOVED them. They are awesome because you can wash them and then re-color them.
perfect size, great price  Was for a toy drive, perfect size, great price, was exactly what I expected when it arrived.
Fun gift!  This stuffed animal has Velcro on its hands in order to hang. soft but matted hair. Cute but creepy face. As a cheap Christmas present, I got by then-girlfriend this sloth, and the sloth knee and ankle socks which I put on its arms and legs. Not a serious gift. Sally, as we named her, still hangs around our house and brings a smile now and then!
Daughters loves it!
Perfect gift
Great item, nice price.  We have been collecting Pokemon plushes for years and this is another great item.  This would have been difficult to find in a store so we appreciate finding it here.
Great Blankie Minnie  Great Blankie Minnie. Bought it for my 3 yr old granddaughter. She. Loves it. Very well made. Fabric very soft. Would buy again from this Vendor
I LOVE MARIO SO MUCH HE IS MY FAVOROTE THING EVERRRRRR  This looks AMAZING he looks like a dream come true I already have Luigi so I love Mario and Luigi and I barely have any Mario stuff I only have Luigi and I REALLY want this Mario and even better it is 47% off so it is 2$ the prise it is mostly is 9.79 but we could save 7$ and that is a big huge massive want from me my mom might get it to me and I would not have seen this without supermariologan \sml and my cousin Eddie Bedoun made me see this beautiful thing this is awesome 
Everything was great!!
I loved this so much its very soft and is not too light and cheap. A perfect cuddle buddy for my Little one
LOVE IT!  This moisturizer is surprisingly very good! I'm used to medicated moisturizers, so I was pleasantly surprised to accidentally come across this bliss moisturizer.  Goes on skin smoothly. Feels light and absorbs well into the skin. Moisture, but not to oily. Smells good, too!  Too bad its off the market now :( I wish they got it back.
My son enjoys making up his own little stories with these plush guys!
So cute and perfect!  Big hit for a baby shower. Our friends, us too, are a bit off. So this little ugly was perfect. Their daughter still loves it after all this time, it's her lovey now along with the other ugly we purchased! I really wanted to keep it myself, but decided to give it up. I'm glad I did!
Fair price and good packaging.
Good quality  If you have someone in the house that loves sharks this will be a big hit. My grandson love the mama baby set.
Great savings and service  Great savings and quick delivery. This battery compares very favorably to the one which came with my camera. I definitely would purchase again from this source.
Wonderful
Very pleased!  My step daughter looked in a lot of toy stores for this doll, she wanted it for her daughter's 2 year old birthday! I knew where to find it & It was my gift to her!
SHrek 2 doll  This item was sent very quickly.  It is constructed very well.  My granddaughter was so excited to get it.  The voice is good.  I only wish that it had more sayings, but I knew when I bought it that it didn't.  A very happy purchase.
It's so detailed
Exactly as described  Order came in on time & my son was ecstatic!
so cute!  This hello kitty is so cute!!
Cute! Delivery took a long time.  Cute!  Delivery took a long time.
All of my grandchildren loved the Tweety!
I am very pleased with the quality  My kids are excited about their new minecraft toys. I am very pleased with the quality, the size and softness. Not to mention the cuteness!!
This is really cute!  It's bigger than I expected, so no Sulley purchase for us!  Also it's Mike from Monsters University not Monster's Inc. (he has braces, though they are subtle.)  Still I'm happy with my purchase as my toddler loved it immediately and doesn't notice any issues with it.  The mouth is really nicely done, as it's not just sewn straight across as some of the other M.W. dolls are.
my kids love finn and jake so I was glad to find the characters on Amazon
I love it. Just as derpy as the one in the movie.
High Quality  I literally just unpacked my Dragonair and I must say I love it! Dragonair has been my favorite Pokemon ever since the initial Pokemon hype in the late 90s and it still is today. Now with the release of Pokemon Go, of course I had to have it. Lol. It is such a high quality plush, it really is worth the money. It is super soft and cuddly. And as other said before, it has a wire inside that makes the plush super flexible. I was actually a little concerned about that part but it turns out the wire seems pretty thick and sturdy and isn't flimsy at all.  Recommend to anyone who is a Pokemon or Dragonair fan :>
good
Huge!  I bought this item for my 2year old, she loved cookie monster soo much. Cookie is very cuddly cute and is large.
Happy Birthday  I brought this for my stepdaughter's 9th birthday.  She loves it and said that its her favourite pokemon.
Cuddly night light  I have bought this doll for each of my 3 grandchildren, they love the music and light.
Very nice. Came on time.
She loved the doll.
My daughter loved it.
12 month old hugs it and cherishes it!  I got this for my sister-in-law's 12 month old baby and she fell in love with it! She loves how the buckles are colorful and she just loves how adorable the penguin is. She would always hug it whenever she sees it!
Grandaughter loved it.
but the doll was well made and very good quality fabrics  Gift for a family member, but the doll was well made and very good quality fabrics.
Child loves it  Child loves it
My little ones will love this.
Happy son. So win.
Cute Chis!  Daughter loves them!  The stitching on the neck area is not well made but nothing that can;t be fixed.  Overall, a great purchase.
Such a pretty Elsa and perfectly plush.  This doll is adorable and soft, I bought to replace the other Elsa doll my 15 month old granddaughter has, which is very pretty but its the hard plastic kind and her hair is a ratty mess. I think Elsa will also be a hit and much more comfortable to cuddle with..
Great for Angry Birds Fans  Purchased this for my daughter back at Christmas time.  I received it in a timely manner and it's a really neat plush toy.  My daughter loved it.  It's a perfect size!
Gerber saw and clipper set  This has to be the best portable saw and limb clipper set I have ever had.  The saw is razor sharp and the clippers are just as effective. This is my second purchase of this item. Awesome
Part of the family  Son loves it, had to get a back up as the first one has been dragged around buy his neck for 2 years now but requires no repairs yet. Very good quality ! neck diameter is perfect for small hands.
Great quality  ICE EM! Lol my niece loves this thing. Great quality
Grandson loved it!  Perfect for my grandson. The puppet is a great learning tool. He likes the books, also. We may order additional books.
God
My son loved it.
WOODY  MY GRANDAUGHTER LOVED HER WOODY NOW SHE WANTS HIS GIRLFRIEND, I GUESS I'LL HAVE TO GET BACK ONLINE AND BUY IT FOR HER  DEBRA D COOK
My brother is going to love it!  He's so big!!! My brother is going to love it!
Good price good quality  Sent to my nephew as a 4th Birthday present and he loved it.  Very soft quality material and a good price
my grandson just loved it
Just TOO SWEET - GREAT Quality!
niece loves it
Love it
bshell  My 10 year old granddaughter loved them.
Soft and fun!!  From my 7-year-old girl:  "He's soft!!  It looked like it wasn't soft but it actually is!  It hangs really well!  But the fur does have a few tangles."
my 2 year old LOVES this toy - easy to toss in your purse and take with anywhere  my 2 year old LOVES this toy - easy to toss in your purse and take with anywhere! builds hand/eye coordination, helps with colors matching up the right buckles - and washable!
Looks exactly like it does in the photo. Was furry an soft.
Soft  Love it very adorable and soft , large size
Our baby loves this glow worm!
Good quality. My son was happy.
Loved it! Goes great in my collection  Loved it!  Goes great in my collection.  In great condition as well.
Very cute!  Very cute. Seems like good quality. Looks exactly like the characters in the app. I would buy the others.
COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This product is great!!!!!!!!!!!!! The puffle is pretty cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hang it on my backpack and would totally recommend it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg  i love it its so cuteeeeeeeee  it is amazing quality perfect
Arrived quickly. Just what I expected:  Arrived quickly.  Just what I expected :)
The person this was for loves it. It's bottom is weighted with beads it feels like so that it stands up properly if you want it to. The material is good quality, and it's a decent size at 6".
Perfect gift!
these are the cutest thing my kids have ever gotten
cutest ever, my daughter's favorite. She actually has two and still wants one more.
... it sent to my 3 y/o niece and she loved it! It is small  had it sent to my 3 y/o niece and she loved it! It is small, but she had her Barbie on it and it does gallop, wag its tail and make horse noises.  very entertaining, she played with it for hours.
Great birthday gift
A late Valentines gift  This was not for a girlfriend, but for a friend who was down on her luck. Her ex stole her plush so I purchased another one. She loves it.
Love it
The frog was a hit!  Nice stuffed animal for toddlers.
Too cute for words!
Exsactly like the photo i will be buying again.
I modified this guy to look like D-Dog from Metal Gear for my friend's birthday, she loved him!!
Love it  Perfect
Lovely calendar  I bought this calendar as a gift for my cousin who enjoys cats and bird-watching.  I think she'll really like this calendar, as I do myself (I bought mine in the flowers motif).  It's very high quality and makes a nice gift.
Fred Franklin  This was for my three and a half year old grandsons. They loved him and my daughter  had lots of fun hiding him. They named him Fred Franklin. No scary looking like others very cute!!! Would highly recommend!!!
My son loved this.
Exactly as described! Very happy with purchase  This Poppy Doll is exactly as pictured and described. Excellent quality, NOT a cheap knock off. My daughter loves it!
A Smart Cub for a Smart Kid!  I recently had the opportunity to review Cora the Smart Cub and she's fabulous. She teaches basic fundamental skills to children ages 6-36 months. She's colorful and fun and her demeanor is so FUN she's sure to make any kid smile. I love that she has the capability to be customized with your child's name, birthday, favorite snacks and songs. She's a multipurpose toy and can be used also to sooth your little one to sleep with soft lullabies.  Cora is a definite part of our family and I would strongly recommend you making her a part of your family too!!!  [...]
a+  perfect
Disco is the best  Disco Zombie is one of the better PVZ plush toys. We have them all even the from China pieces.
I love, love, love it. This was a shower gift and the older siblings love it, too.
my 3 year old son approves!  My 3 year old son loves "Imagination elmo" as he calls him. He loves playing pretend, so he is thrilled that he has a toy that can actually change characters and be different "people". We got to try him out for free through BzzAgent... so I can't say anything about buying it on amazon... but I can say my son absolutely loves him. Hes been showing him to everyone who comes over. Hats are easy to change... he plays a few games... great toy :)
Nice  This is so cute. I love it.
no packaging included  Toy is cute and my Grand daughter loves it.  Was shipped in a padded envelope but no other packaging, etc.
My Granddaughter loved it.
So Cute  He was everything I expected and so soft.  Excellent gift for a French Bull dog owner and lover
So very soft and cuddly  I ordered this for a young girl who needed a very special soft plush animal to cuddle.  Given the opportunity to choose what she wanted (within a price range), she looked and looked, and kept coming back to this otter.  When it arrived she had tears of joy in her eyes.  It is a little larger than what I thought it would be, but perfect for cuddling.  She is thrilled, and I am also.  On the day it arrived, I sent links to you tube videos of otters to round out the package of love, and watching those added to her happiness.
Yay Mega Lucario!  I'm extremely satisfied about my purchase and I'm positively sure mine was from the Pokemon Center because it came with the Pokemon Center tag and card, and the sewing is completely flawless (i.e. you don't see thread sticking out anywhere). The colors were also correct and true to Mega Lucario's design, and I noticed that it had well thought-out details like the embroidery on the eyes, ears and paw pads (only the feet), and its tail and appendages on its head were a bit more squishy. The plush was probably not made to stand on its own though, but it looks really great propped up on my table, so I don't regret getting this at a slightly higher-than-usual price here on Amazon.
Quality  Quality soft plush.
my daughter loves it!
fun
ADORABLE!!  ADORABLE!!! Great size it was actually bigger then i thought and eyes are sewn on not plastic, so not a choking hazard. Super cute toy.
The shipping was fast and the plush was super cute. Loved it and the person who I got it for loved it even more.
More time with my yard guy!  I purchased this little dynamo to trim 75 feet of hedge.  Within a very short time, the chore was finished and we were looking for more things to trim!  My husband is a workaholic but that afternoon....we were able to sit on the deck and enjoy the labors of our little Tanka!  Great for smaller growth....would not try this on anything larger than 1/2 inch.
So cute and cuddly  Love the quality and cuteness of these giraffes. I have purchased another one in a different color in the past and my niece loves them.
Best Costume  I got this item to complete the costume of my grandson Kimi for halloween. It did very well with the attire! Best part is that he won the best costume at the halloween affair of her Mom's office! He loved it so much!
Well made toy my son likes it
but it came highly recommended from one of my friends  I purchased this for a gift, but it came highly recommended from one of my friends!
Great item  My grandson loved it. He got it for Christmas. He was wanting one the minute he saw it.
Hit so far  Entertains my 16 month old for a good 20 minutes. Great for plane ride, eating out, car trips, etc. Definitely recommend. My 5 year old even likes it.
Add to your collection.  Got this for SO and she loves it.
my grandson absolutely loved it!
BEST BODY BUTTER  I love this product so much I purchased a case of it directly from Hawaii Tropic online. I love the scent of coconut and it is THE best scented coconut smell, IMO better than Bath and Body's exotic coconut line. It is very soft and light and goes on smoothly without leaving any stickiness behind which some body butters do. Like I said I absolutely LOVE this product!
LOL It is soft and colorful and I like all of the "stuff" the rattle  I wish I could have found one that was a little bigger - but considering that I bought it for a month old baby, she will probably think it is big enough!  LOL  It is soft and colorful and I like all of the "stuff" the rattle, crinkly ear and teething ring.
... neede Olaf elf - he arrived when predicted in perfect condition.  What can I say - I'm a snowman collector and neede Olaf elf - he arrived when predicted in perfect condition.
A Very Unique Plushie!  Yes, this Chica plush is a knock off of the Freddy, Foxy, and Bonnie styled Sanshee plushes, but this one is very unique! First of all this plush has glass eyes like a Beanie Boo from Ty. Second, instead of a bib, it's an apron, which to me makes Chica more involved with the theme of food. I also like how the plush has the cupcake, though I sort of wish that the cupcake was on Chica's hand, not the lap, but hey not everything can be perfect. If you're looking for a Chica plush to go along with your Sanshee plushes and don't care if it's real or not then this one is for you. However, if you want the official Chica plush by Sanshee and hates the fanmade ones then I highly suggest you wait for the official one's release. However, I think this plush is very more unique than the actual Chica and it is a pretty decent plush!
Whats not to love!!!????  I bought this doll because it was an Amazon Lightning deal. My daughter is 21 and she loves Monsters Inc and now Monsters University so this Mike doll was perfect. The doll is a good size and its very soft. The only downside is there is no off button. Great toy, great bargain! Thanks Amazon!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Monsters-University-My-Scare-Pal-Plush-Mike/dp/B00A39GJ9O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Monsters University - My Scare Pal Plush - Mike</a>
Adorable!  This is a really small plush, it fits in my hand but it is absolutely adorable. It has this chain (removable) which lets you hang it onto stuff. I can't really think of any cons, the details of the face are great & the toy is really soft. (especially for its size) If you love Meowth & don't care about size, this is for you.
Bought as a gift for a 2 year old and he loves it.
CUTE
Great photos. I buy one every year and it's my "go-to" calendar. Just the right size too.
Added item to the collection. Cute and well made.
Adorable! We love our Alpacassos!!!
Thumbs up!  Product arrived quickly and as described. Green color is vibrant and quality is good! Very pleased with it. Glad I decided to purchase for my daughter.
... ship but the item itself is really cute and sturdy.  Took longer to ship but the item itself is really cute and sturdy.
great  great
Very nice Aplaca, good quality made a great Gift.
Giant Carrot  Hilarious carrot in green shorts. Good quality. Fabric is very soft, carrot is very bendy -- not a firm stuffing, but well made. Happy with purchase.
Baby Likes to Chew/ Suck on Arms & Legs to Sooth Sore Gums  This little plush pirate piggy is so cute! The long arms and legs make it really easy for my 7 month old to hold onto him. She was really interested in him at first, but some of that interested has waned. I still occasionally throw him in her diaper bag when we go out and she will snuggle with him in her carseat and suck/ chew on his legs and arms to sooth her sore gums from teething. I've washed it a few times and it hasn't faded and held up really well. I would buy it again.
Nice!  Granddaughters new "lovey" for taking everywhere she goes!  Nice quality, looks like it's ready to be loved by a 4year old
Good quality,  soft to touch.  Exceeded my expectations.
Pua is ADORABLE!  ADORABLE!  But then I'm a proud mamma as my pet potbellied pig was recorded to help with the voice of Pua.  I can't wait to see the movie!
GREAT PRODUCT  Purchased for a gift and the recipient absolutely loved it.  Extremely high quality with Disney tag embroidered on foot. !
My granddaughter loves it so I am happy.
Cute My Grandson will love it
Very large, very awesome!  My nephew loved this! He thinks it's the best one because it was "so giant and it has wings!".
Best platypus  This IS the perfect platypus to introduce my grandchildren (age 3 and 4) to the animals of Australia!  I wanted them to have stuffed animals to go along with story books I've been reading to them before my trip next month.  I looked at several options and this one is so soft, yet has all the details.  The 3 year old is probably still holding it!
Hard to see the Cat's eyes, but cute!
This doll is truly a joy  My granddaughter's new favorite toy. She loved the movie and loves this doll. It is light and durable and really brings the movie character to life with the quotes that it says from the movie. It brightens her day and the doll is truly a joy.
Super cute
RoaR!!!  SUPER CUTE! MADE WELL! GRANDSON WILL LOVE!
Has Adam's expression.
Cute toy  This is adorable! My one year old enjoys playing with it.
Great price. My daughter should love it.
Everything I expected
Great
Big, Well Made  Bigger than imagined, based on dimensions given.  Well made.  Firm to medium softness.  Happy with item!
Perfect size!  This little plush was exactly what I was looking for! In case my toddler got super attached, I wanted to avoid her begging to carry around some giant stuffed toy everywhere... this is the perfect size- not big and obnoxious, but not so small that it would get lost. It's really soft and isn't cheesy looking like some others I have seen. She loves it!
Da best!
My grandson absolutely loves this toy.
Bought this as a Valentine's gift for my GF since she likes SAO and it's a great reminder of Asuna and Kirito's romance (Not to mention her red clothing complements Valentine's day). The plush doll itself came wrapped in a perfectly fit 5-sided box and looks nicely made. I will be putting this plush in a gift basket. I know this will bring a smile to her face.
Very nice set a
This is a gift for my nephew's upcoming birthday.  His Dad said he would be oh-so-happy to have the Zombie Cowboy!
Adorable!  Just as shown. Adorable!
Perfect...  Same as Mrs. Rabbit, Peter is just perfect!  Can hardly wait to use them to decorate space of my daughter's baby shower in January!
Great Quality  Arrives as pictured. This toy has a nice texture and the quality is great for the price.
Great quality, very cute!  Pleasantly surprised at the quality of this product.  My 3 y/o son loves Arlo and he carries this with him everywhere.  Soft, durable and super cute!
Nice stuff toy my daughter best character
Perfect First Birthday gift. My daughter loved it!
Great Gift  I bought this for my nephew's 2nd birthday and from the moment he took it out of the box that was delivered on time as always by amazon :-), he has not put it down and loves it.  It is Elmo after all, which 2 year old wouldn't?
It's durable and it's his favorite year of Godzilla  My boyfriend loves it. It's durable and it's his favorite year of Godzilla.
Cute toy.
Boo is too Cute  This Boo stuffed animal is too cute. It is soft and cuddly, too. I think they did a really good job of capturing Boo's look and facial expression. I actually bought this for a teen that really likes Boo. Kids (and adults!) of any age would love this cutie.
How can you not completely love this?  Hmmmm?
Singing Barney  My 7mo old granddaughter loves this toy.  She grins when the music plays & she tries to give him hugs & kisses.
Daughter loves it
it was a gift and the person was very satisfied with it.
Cute
I'm very satify with the purshase and the delivery time. Thank you!
LIFE'S FUN WHEN YOU'RE HAVE'N FLIES!!!  Sooo cute!!!  I grew up on the muppets and I'm so excited that I get to share my love for the muppets with my niece and nephews!!!  Very high quality plush frog! ;). Life's fun when you're have'n flies! :D
Cute.  Adorable, comes with a suction cup attached
A Gift  This was a gift for my grandson who is really into Angry Birds.  He has several Angry Birds, but he didn't have this one.  So he really like it.
Cute, and of good quality  The headline sez it all. :)
great plush
So CUTE!!!  Legit Espeon plush! Totally worth it! I'm happy with my purchase!
brothers together  Koopa is happy to have his brother Paratroopa, and nice toy too
This thing looks so real!!!
It's cute. Lol
Daughter loves how soft the fish is and that's all that matters
Bad Kitty good  Bad Kitty is so adorable. My grandson will be very happy. He has most of the Bad Kitty books. Very nice product!
It's very cute and fits with my tsum tsum collection
good
Doll Travels round the world to bring Joy!  The doll arrived as early as I expected and it was in perfect condition. The doll was well made and even larger than I thought. While I do not normally spend high dollar amounts on 8 inch plush toys, this doll was very hard to find! The little girl who received it as a gift was "over the moon" for it. The toy has delighted her and it is her constant companion. We bought it from Asia, sent to USA and then gifted to a precious 3 yr old girl in Greece just in time for the holiday of gift giving!
Daughter Loves Ghast  I bought this product around Nov 19th, as a Christmas gift for my daughter. I was a little nervous because shipment was expected to be delivered between Dec 19th and Dec 31st. The package came around the first week of Dec, which was GREAT. My daughter loved and still loves it. She sleeps with it every night. The finally started restocking this same plush toy in my local Target and it cost more in Target than what I bought.
granddaughter loves it
... this for my little sister for Christmas and she loved it!  Bought this for my little sister for Christmas and she loved it!!
My toddler loved the one at daycare so much. We bought one for home!
love this product  love this product! it was perfect to use for baby annoucement and personalizations. the ears are smaller than the cubbies but i love it.
Bought this for my little sister and she loves it! The little bells on her head even jingle!
Perfect gift  My Granddaughter loved this doll.
Cute!!
Just as cute as Chi  Very soft and a great size. My son can't get enough of them and will sometimes use one as a pillow.
The Ear Really Detaches  Bought this as a gift and it looks exactly like the sample photo. It's larger than I expected but the value is great and the ear really does detach (how authentic).
But after changing them it worked fine. My daughter loves it  The batteries that came with it were dead. But after changing them it worked fine. My daughter loves it. Takes it to bed every night. Well worth the price to make my little one happy.
Great condition, child loves it!
Best price, best product  Product came in a sealed bag, with the Disney tags still intact. The fabric is very soft, and appears to be pretty durable. It's wonderful quality and my child absolutely loves it!
The perfect gift for my nephew, he love it.
best tomato knife  This knife is worth every penny.  I bought it for my husband to complete a set of the Shun Onion knives and I have to say it was a case of saving the best for last.  All of these knives are wonderfully balanced and fit very nicely into the hand.  The serated knife is perfect for delicate cuts on soft foods and slices tomato into paper thin pieces with ease.
Fantastic! Came over 3 weeks early! Spikey ear pichu is perfect love it!
Happy all the way around  Very swift turn around. Happy all the way around.
My son absolutely loves it!!!  My son is obsessed with the AT AT Walker so I ordered this. He hasn't put it down in two weeks.
Soft and sweet  Our 18 month old has Hokey Pokey Elmo and TMX Elmo too and this is her favorite Elmo.  He is soft, easy to hug, and easy to carry.  Don't waste your money (like I did) on the mechanical Elmos.  Little children just want a soft Elmo to love and talk to.
Great product  All of these toys are great. Looks fabulous in the cot with matching sheets
Great Activity Doll  it is excellent.  is being used everyday and is loved very much.
Wonderfully made and easy to use. The large size is worth it! My granddaughter loves it.
Taylor Belmont, NC  My daughter absolutely loves this horse.  She keeps it in her bed during the day and night.  She loves it!
Nice to form a collection for fans of this saga, my wife loves ...
Everyone loved them!  I bought these as favors for my daughter's birthday mermaid party.  Everyone loved them!
Product is good but the price is ridiculous only bought this for my son for Christmas  This was for my son.  It's made very well but it's rediclious expensive. I guess because this is the first company auctually making them now.  I only pay this much for a stuffed animal because my son beg for it all year for Christmas.  If they lower the price to something reasonable I buy the other characters to but no way will I pay this price again for any of those
Like it  As I expected it, my kid loves them, nice size.
It's not a great scale difference  This is a quality product. It is only about a foot high, so only a bit larger than the matching Masha dolls of the same brand. It's not a great scale difference, but they look good side-by-side. The doll is soft and well-made and has a great likeness to the character. The doll has three or four laughs and sings one song from the show in Russian.
my grandson loves it!!  sleeps with it every night!!
Great toy! Good quality and our son loves him!
Love it!  Worth the money if you like to collect... Super soft and still has tag. :)
happy..
Bought this for my 18 month old for a long trip overseas. He is turning 2 next month and still adores this toy! There are a few different kinds of buckles so it took some time before he was able to understand how they all worked, but he LOVES to mix and match them. I'm avoiding teaching him how to unbuckle as that could have terrible repercussions in other situations so when he gets all the buckles done, he just brings it to me and I un-do them for him.
soft/plush Disney Mater 12"  This was a gift for my grandson who is 4 years old. He opened the gift and immediately hugged Mater! hahahah :-)))) I'd say he loved it, wouldn't you? hahahaha It's just as picture. So glad I got it and it came before Christmas.
Keeps her busy and happy!  Our granddaughter loves it! Keeps her busy and happy!
Great quality exactly like the picture
very cute  Extremely cute, nice loved it
Very nice  Got it very quickly, although had to pay 20 more bucks when the product was shipped to my house, but I doubt that's the seller's fault, just be wary if you order from europe, so I decided not to remove any stars for it. The head is relatively too heavy for the plush to stand alone without difficulties, and tilts back, but very lovely aside of that. Very soft, good quality. 5 stars
This is a great doll for a toddler  This is a great doll for a toddler.  Our two granddaughters loved it when they first received it at Christmas.  In fact, Elsa and Anna were probably the favorite toys that day.  The 2 year old did take it to bed with her.
Great product
Oops
My son loves this plushy
Grand Daughter Loves It  Gave it to our 19 month old grand daughter along with the Boo book.  She loves both the stories and her "woof-woof"!
Perfect!  Perfect! My little Minecraft wonder boy loves it.  It is extremely soft! Fast shipping and packaging was great.
My daughter loves it!!!  And it's made me laugh quite a bit myself!!!  The variety of different voices is really a plus!  It never gets boring!
strawberry shortcake ragdoll  cute and durable. my gr. daughter just loves it. and the price was very reasonable
My granddaughter loves this and carries it with her everywhere
Very cute  Cheaper than retailers
Monster High is all the rage... needed something for 4 girls 4-8...These fit the bill to a tee.
Love it
Never tried this....... I hope its good
My grandson absolutely loved it. Boy did I do a good job  My grandson absolutely loved it. Boy did I do a good job. It was here quickly and better than expected. Thank you
The doll is really nice and my granddaughter loves it.
Adorable!  Super cute and cuddly! Great size for even my 1-year-old niece. Very unique looking and well-made so you won't mind having it lay around the house or toting it around :-)
OHHHH EMMM GEEEEE i LOVE HIM!!!!
Loved them!!
CUTE!  Cute! Soft!
Perfect for that Frozen lover in your life  Olaf is a great plush toy for kids who love the movie.  He says quite a few quotes from the movie, and he pulls apart (somewhat) but is connected with a strong nylon cord to keep from losing the pieces.
My grandson loved it!
I really like the material: very soft and good quality, and my little daughter just loves that Hank!
Really Cute  Kylo Ren is one of my favorite characters from The Force Awakens and I've been buying all the Kylo Ren merch I can get my hands on. This little guy is definitely one of the cuter things that I've bought. He's not very big but he is very cute. He's a pretty firm plush despite his size, and he feels pretty solid when you hold him. He does say lines from The Force Awakens, but like most (if not all) toys on the market, it's not in Adam Driver's voice although it still does have that "muffled" sound from his helmet to pull of that signature Kylo Ren style. All in all, I'd say it's definitely worth the price and any kid that loves Star Wars is sure to love it. Totally worth the buy.
Works great and the kids love it as do I:-)
Very nice  Nephew loves it head spins did not find that out till purchased
This is the cutest Monkey ever. it is not small nor big; medium size... and its soft for babies
cute!!!!
perfect size for traveling  just the right size for a camper's care package
Awesome  Great Toys!
Recommend  Ty Beanie - what I expected
The perfect Luna Stuffie   She is absolutely perfect! I am so so pleased with this Luna plush. I had gotten her for myself for my birthday and it was money well spent. She is exactly what I have been looking for.  Luna is very soft and the perfect size-not too big and not too small- to snuggle while going to sleep.
Adorable  Soft and adorable would buy again
Love it
Perfect size. My son has every character. He loves them.
great gift  Great gift for my little sister! her fave pokemon
Cute and very well made!  Pirate Pig is just perfect, natural made from Eco-friendly materials, cute and well made, shape and size perfect for baby. Our 7 months old loves to cuddle and chew on him.
Husband loves it  I love this. I wanted to dress up our master bath in something my husband would love. It looks great, it looks clean in a way that doesn't make the bathroom look small/crowded. It's the perfect length and the material is waterproof on the inside, so you don't need to purchase a separate liner. I would recommend it, especially because you can keep it for a long while!
Perfect Barney Toy  I bought this toy for my niece and she abolutely loves it.  He sings "I Love You" which is what my niece loves to hear him say.
Adorable  Adorable, very good quality! My daughter loves it. She was super excited. Very well put together.
gotta love 'em all  he got here earlier then his designated between days and it so cuddly i totally reccomend this soft little plush
It's Elmo, perfect size for a 2 year old to carry every wear.
This little guy was a gift for my friend. She absolutely loved him! The plush looked great and was really well made.
Soft and adorable!  Very cute and soft! I was nervous based on reviews, but the shedding is not that big of a deal.
Great gloves for small working hands  'The blue gloves pictured here were 5 star.  However the latest iteration which is what I received, are gray and they are not quite the same, not quite as comfortable.  They are good and better than anything else I have found but they are a little stiffer, a little smaller,slightly shorter wrist,  I think. They are tough and quite warm. They are great for gripping a rake or shovel, pruning, sawing and other outdoor chores.  I like them for things like hauling recyclables to the transfer station and disposing of them.  I keep a pair in my car and also use them when pumping gas.  They are an all around great work glove that fits a small hand well so they can be used with dexterity,
loved it
Good size fun to play with.
my girlfriend loves otters and i bought it for her. she loves it.
dream come true  I always wanted Godzilla slippers. i stomp around the house in these and they drive my dog craze he always barks
perfect
My daughter loves this.
Super cute! It was a birthday present for My niece and she loved it!
Nice attention to detail  Well made.  Nice attention to detail.
Good  Cute. My daughter liked them.
Very cute toy
cute  I bought this as a Christmas giftfor my 2 year old. Before wrapping it, I played with it a little bit of course to see if it was something he would enjoy. This toy is awesome, I know he is going to love it. It arrived past the delivery time unfortunately, but still before Christmas. Shipping took about 2 weeks but wasn't too bad considering that I live in Japan. Great toy.
Pretty soft n cuddly  Exactly what it said it was.  Pretty soft n cuddly.
I love him I love him l love him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  He's a bit smaller than I thought he'd be but none the less I am in love!!!!<3 Every Van Gogh lover should have one :)
Fast delivery  Fast delivery and my son loves it! Thank you!!!
Grandson loved the beep beep beep!  Goes with the books!
She is too old to replace him so this little pup is of great comfort to her  This was a gift to our very dear elderly neighbor who had recently lost her Maltese dog.  She is too old to replace him so this little pup is of great comfort to her.  She just is over the moon!
Great toy!!!  Love this! Our 2.5yr old has to have this in his bed nightly when he goes to sleep including the elephant!!
A timely gift  This toy was purchased as a going away gift for my son as he was leaving for college. He loves his real cat, Tuxie, who is black and white like the toy. I asked the seller if she could send it very quickly so he could take it along. The seller got it to me in 3 days! It might have taken 7 and not made it to college. Thanks so much! I have included  a photo of Tuxie.
loved
Soft, squishy, huggable, snuggly toy  Soft, silky, squishy...exactly what you want a plush animal to be.  Goldy does stand or sit with some maneuvering (and careful squishing).  Mostly this is just a super soft and huggable stuffed toy.  Pleasantly surprised with the quality and feel.  This was intended as a gift,but we may end up keeping her to hug and squash and buy another.  A little larger than I expected, and great for kids.
As described
It's really nice made nice colors looks like the ones in the pictures but it's not really big like the one that you can see in the picture next to a child.. but it's ok my girlfriend love it..
Good quality toy. My grandson happy.
kawaii plushie if you love SAO you wanna get this!
Cute and evil  Love the white dots in his eyes because the spooks of the unsolved mysteries of why they make new golden Freddys at every pizzeria
Perfect for Baby  Beautiful stuffed animal. Bigger than I expected, and the perfect addition to my baby girl's nursery!
Such a great and helpful idea  Well made! Such a great and helpful idea.
Interesting characters  My son absolutely lived these plush of I is favorite characters.  One arrived clearly With the face applied upside down but son was still satisfied with his collection.
quick delivery. product is as promised and quality constructed. Accurate to mario line
my wife liked it very much!!!
Kids Love This!  My kids are getting a lot of entertainment with their slingshot flying monkeys.  For the price they are worth it and a great conversation item.
3 years and still good  Tough guy, still getting beat up after 3 years.
Super cute  Super Cute.  Bought before entering the park (so we wouldn't need to purchase something there for a lot more money).
Bought this for my 1 year old little nephew,  Bought this for my 1 year old little nephew, he now chases my sister around yelling to get her to push the button
Great Buy  Lovely product. Great service. Exactly as in picture. There's allot of stuffing, but by using it the stuffing will compress and you'll get more space to put in coins.
love Elmo!  all 3 of my kids love this Elmo. They love the honking of his nose. They love dancing with him. I'm not sure what else he does yet as they have been so entertained by his first hat we haven't tried the other two. I'd say this Elmo is good for ages 5 months to 5.  Love Elmo. We have several of them and I don't think they like one over another.
very good
I bought this for a little accent piece for my son's circus 1st birthday. How can you beat the price and cuteness of this elephant? It's the perfect size and will make an appearance during his cake smash w/ a birthday hat :)
Queen Giraffe Rules Over ALL the Toys!  *Independent, verified, non-compensated review.* Please let me know if it's helpful!  This poor giraffe has endured so much abuse the past month as the "Queen of the animals" in our house. I was so pleasantly surprised when it arrived. Honestly, where can you find a large stuffed animal anywhere for under $20, much less one you can pose any way you like? I was sure to wait a bit after it arrived to review because so many people post right after they get toys so you don't know how they'll hold up. This toy deserves the 5 stars, but see pics and pros/cons list below.  Pros:  Soft fur/hair. Won't shed even with pulling.  Secure eyes - we've had some come off in the past but these are well-anchored.  Poses endlessly, within limits. Legs brace outward so it can stand upright. Neck can pose in any direction you want, but the sound is comparable to a chiropractic adjustment gone bad (I've already used it to give my mother the willies).  Color/pattern is very pretty and bold.  Posing ability enables my son to play more creatively and inspires new ideas. For instance, he leaves behind the rigid animal toys to use his giraffe to play with Dory swimming in her coffee carafe. None of the others are invited because they aren't fun. :-)  Cons:  Wire runs in a U-shape on the legs. It does allow you to adjust them outward (spread left to right when looking at it front or back) but since there is nothing in the midsection you can't brace them out (if looking at it from side) to make it "lay down right", as my son says.  Some of the fur around the eyes sloughed off after opening it, but that's been it!  Overall this is an AWESOME product for the price. Highly recommended! I'll be purchasing more for Christmas so we have a full herd.
Great gy  Very cute, soft, and made well
Adorable!!  I got this plush horse for my 4 yr old granddaughter for Christmas.  I wanted to get her a plush horse as my grandkids call me the "grandma with the horses" and this one was so cute and the flowers on the horse matched the theme in her room.  She absolutely loved it. It was very soft and of very good quality.  I am very happy I made this purchase.  It arrived very quickly after ordering and well in time for Christmas!  I would recommend this to friends, family or anyone else looking for a cute, plush horse for someone special.
Big hit with grandson!  My grandson collects these and loves them. He has several in this line. Sometimes it takes the shipment a while to arrive but this one arrived in a week.
ADORABLE.  I got this for my sister for Christmas, it was one of her favorite gifts. His boots are made out of plastic-leather stuff which was a cool touch. The photos don't really do him justice though, he's much cuter in real life!
Fun toy for all ages  My teenaged granddaughter loved this stuffed animal. I have been purchasing her different ones from this collection and she's always thrilled with them.
Cute cute and CUTE!  My daughter LOVES the little elephant!  It's soft, no hard edges, love its big ears and trunk.  I put it in a laundry and machine washed and tumble low dried, it came out just fine.  :)  Now we are tempted to buy more bedtime animals....
would highly recommend.  It is practically military grade, would highly recommend.
BEST CARROT EVER!  This carrot is the best thing that I have ever purchased in my entire life. It is much larger than expected, and is perfect for cuddling. The colors are vibrant and the material is so soft.
Great paper  This is nice paper and the price is pretty good. I've used a bunch and am really happy with the images. The HP ICC profile for the paper is good, which really helps.
A very lovable Little Thinker.  So many reviews of these Little Thinkers say they were bought as gifts; well NOT mine! Proud to say I got a plushie for my 32 year old self. :D And he's perfect, too. No issues with stitching, staining, anything that I can see. He's the exact same doll as in the picture, except much more charming in person. I've got mine in a standing position with the help of a doll stand, and he'll be standing on the corner of my desk. Despite his (true to life) surly expression, he's a great source of inspiration for an aspiring author of witty satire or observational humor, or any kind of writer at all!  Wait - before I post this I should confess I have found a problem with this plush doll: Now that I own the one I most wanted and am so happy with it, I want to get the other ones I've wanted over the past few years.
Thank you me son loves his handy manny
Great
Very cute and well made  This is definitely true to size. Very cute in person and stitched well together. The hair looks a little loose in the pictures but in person it is very well sewn on.
my husband loves The Family Guy show, and all their merchandise
It is really cute and the perfect size.  My nephew loves his Nonny doll!  It is really cute and the perfect size.
Niece adores it. It's her go-to plush!
cute  Cute also a little informative
great gift for vet. professors!
Great Size Elmo  Like most babies & kids, my 18 month old grandson, Brando loves Elmo! This plush is the perfect size for packing under the arm and going to bed with. Special character that will ALWAYS be a winner with the little ones. Thank you Jim Hensen--you left behind a treasure. Peace
My daughter loves it, very soft and huggable.  Product is well made.
Soft & Lovable Winnie  My granddaughter loves Winnie and this Winnie is so plush and huggable!  She carries him everywhere and often uses him for a pillow when watching her Winnie the Pooh DVD's.
Kid loved it.
Better than I hoped  This plush figure is so soft and bigger than I had expected. Plus it is well made and durable. My boys take it to play with sometimes and it's held up through hours of abuse. The head can move but requires a little extra muscle to turn which is a good thing as it stays in place during play. Even the package it came in was pretty. Great purchase.
So cute
Adorable :)  Great plush toy and a must haver for any sesame street fan. Very cute, cuddly and kid friendly!
Great bird. My daughter loves it  Great bird.  My daughter loves it.
FNAF, FNAF, FNAF..it is all the kids talk about these days  My daughter loved it so not much more to say about a little plushie.  It was described accurately and garnered squeals of delight so I guess it was a good representation of the character from FNAF.  It also arrived in the time frame listed.
Tickle Me Red  So cute! It was a gift, and they absolutely love it.
great size  My boy loves it. He loves pokmon characters in plush toy. It's a good size for him to play and sleep with.
Son loves this. Seems to be well made too.
Wore are part of our family Ghostbusters costumes to add that little "something extra" and the kids loved it. Its a short verse so not annoying either. It was cute and soft.
Bought these for all my great grandchildren and they all love snuggling with it.
it's adorable and very soft  This shopkins jumbo pillow was a huge hit with my granddaughter, it's adorable and very soft.  Great deal and kids will love it, thank-you!!!
... Neptune is hard to find and this one is perfect. It's small but cute  A plushie of Sailor Neptune is hard to find and this one is perfect. It's small but cute.
Son loves them  These have a very nice plush feel to them and not like some cheap carnival stuffed toys I have seen sold elsewhere.
love this little guy  love this little guy! when i see him i just cant help but feel happy because he's so cute. A wonderful purchase :)
Strange but exactly what we wanted!  Was a gift and she loved it!  Well made!
Niece loved this!
Great dora detailed doll for affordable price.  Very detailed and inexpensive Dora for your little one!
"My Bad Kitty is really snuggly."  "She helps me when I am going to sleep and when I play games she always turns into a good kitty."- 8 year old girl
Great find at a great price!  Great quality Elmo. He is actually pretty large. My son still loves his Elmo and sleeps with him every night.
favorite Star Wars character  Grandson fascinated with BB8 . He loves it talking to him and it's squeezabley soft
It is great abs stands by it self. Came in early
Well made  This hammerhead is great. I ordered this for my nephew for Christmas because he is obsessed with sharks. I just know he will love it. It's big, it's soft, it's well made and it's really cool looking. The stitching is done really well and it looks like it will hold up over time.
Pluto  This was the only one my son was missing in his set of "Just Play" stuffed animals. It was pricy but well worth it!
Perfect Gift!  Item arrived when expected!! My grandson loved it!!
very cute and super soft fur.... it's gonna' be a hit with the recipient!
My nephew loves the spider.
Plz tell me how large  How many feet is it? Is it about 7 or larger or less? Plz tell me plz
My daughter LOVES it!  I was very pleased with this stuffed animal. My daughter loves Sofia the First, especially Clover. So, she was very excited! It came just as described, and seems like very good quality.
Nice product. Entertaining for babies.
love it  This is exactly as the one show at the picture. Very cute. . Good quality make whit good materials .
my son loved it
Great product  Arrived earlier then expected great Christmas gift for my nephews who loved them a little hard to open at first but eventually they got easier
I am very happy with my Fred Plush Doll.
Good
Cute elf  Great elf. I bought for elf on the shelf & the kids have loved it. He is cute & cuddly but next year I plan to buy the smaller version as he is too big to do some of the ideas we've seen.
Thank you
Gotta love Ice Bat!  So cute it's disturbing. My three year old son has amassed an entire family of Ice Bats: two baby bats (keychains, one ice blue and one ninja), one big brother (this recently purchased Little Ugly), one big sister (the rust coloured limited edition series three Little Ugly), a mommy and daddy (two Classics. Daddy has the large feet with toes, and mommy has the original little feet and no toes), and one granny and Grandfather (also two Classics, one blue and one black). And there is nothing he enjoys more than playing with them all, interacting with them and watchiong them interact with each other. I voice each one differently, and each has his or her own distinct personality. Let me tell you: those crazy Ice Bats are a RIOT!
Love this...my nephew loved it
Arrived on time and great quality.
Loves it  Added to our collection of angry bird plushes! My 4 year old plays with it everyday!! Would recommend to buy if you like collecting angry birds!!
Mami's best friend!  Great quality materials all around. The pink parts are made of a minky-like fabric and the plush is overall very soft. The big polka-dot part is lightly stuffed while the body is firm. The buttons are hemispherical hard plastic. I would say that she's about 1/2 scale from what the anime shows (where she's about as tall as Mami's torso). One thing I couldn't tell from the example pictures was that her mouth is frowning.  My only complaint would be the symbol on her back (of her second form). It seems like they're hand painted, as the eyes on mine are looking a different way than the picture shows, and there are a few errors in the job. Namely: the nose is just a red splotch in the middle, the mouth doesn't have a tongue coming out of it, and there are no blushes on the sides. This is something I may be able to mostly fix myself, though I don't know what kind of paint should be used. However, I don't think this detracts from the plush in a significant way, and I honestly expected it to be this way from the preview pictures.
Too cute!!  My daughter is in love with them!
Soft and washable  This puppy is the cutest thing. It is so very soft and hug-able. I gave it as a special gift for my granddaughter. Perfect size for a child 2-4. One of the most important reasons I chose it is that it is machine washable.
Great  Great item! I was looking for a gift for my friend that is a fan of portal. i saw this product online & ordered it and it was pretty awesome :D I would recommend it to anyone looking to have a companion cube or their own
Lorax  I purchased this toy for my 9 year old daughter. I wasn't able to find this toy anywhere else. I was very happy when it became available. My daughter loves it and still sleeps with it after owning it for many many months.
My grandson loves Elmo. Christmas morning when he laid eyes on Elmo he gasped so hard it almost took his breath away.
Enter the Ender  Very nicely made plush.  Lots of nice detailing.  A fine addition to your stuffie collection.
Happy memories!  This is beautiful.  We had two dogs, and our biggest/oldest dog had a large nemo stuffie he adored.  Now we just have the one younger dog, and I bought this as a bittersweet toy for him.  He's a terrier who LOVES to chew, but he's always been kind to his stuffies.  It looks pristine, it's a perfect size for our dog, and hopefully it'll last. :)  Only fault is that it's not 10 inches like it says.  Mine's almost 9.
My grandson loves this well made
I love her! :D  I love her so much! My mommy's fiance give me $22 for that plush after I order her for my 20th birthday. I didn't write my review, because I was away from Amazon. So, my birthday was on November 11th, and now, I'm 20 years old. So, my mommy's fiance open this package for me as an early birthday gift, since he has loads of drinks...and I really love this plush, she is so pretty and really soft, I bring her to school and my friends likes her a lot. I added her to my plush collection, since I'm a collector. So, yes, I love collecting and I might buy a Cat Rosalina plush for my collection someday. I hope I have more money for that Cat Rosalina plush someday.
Adorable!
Excelellent Craftsmanship and Service  The package was delivered on time and was neatly packaged. The product met my expectations, except that it seems that is shedding its "fur." It is very huggable and the picture looks exactly like the real product.
My boyfriend loves this! His is slightly different that mine though. His has sewn on eyes while mine has ironed on eyes but still cute all the same.
Cute and lifelike  Very cute and lifelike. My son loves it!
Five year old grandson loved it.
one of the best out there  This was a birthday present for my 4 year old granddaughter and turned out to be her favorite gift.  It is medium sized, incredibly soft, and of very good quality.  It even has sparkles in the mane and tail that can't be seen in the picture.  Your little one will be tickled to death to receive it.  One of the only ones I've seen that actually stands on all fours too.  I will be buying from this company again without hesitation.
It was super difficult to pierce them  So I actually used these as an emoji station for my technology-themed birthday party.  I posted them up at varying heights using skewers.  This is how I know that these are very very well made.  It was super difficult to pierce them.  The guest kept one each as a party favor and it was so much fun listening to the banter of which was the favorite and why.  Awesome party favors.
Both kids and adults had fun playing with it  I got this for a white elephant gift for our family Christmas party. Both kids and adults had fun playing with it.
BOUGHT  THIS AS A TOY FOR THE PUPPY,SHE GOES CRAZY WHEN SHE HEARS IT TALKING GIBBERISH.I COLLECT TY STUFFED ANIMALS AND MAKE SURE SHE DOES NOT DESTROY CHESTER
Great buy.  My daughter loves this toy. Great buy.
A gift for my brother-in-law  who has a thing for zombies. The slurping and burping when you hug him are hysterical. It gave everyone a great laugh X-mas morning.
cute as can be  i got this item sevral months ago and havn't reviewed it yet i bought it along with soul both maka and soul both are extremly cute and cuddly there are some pieces that can come off so becareful but etehr way ir ecomend these plushies from ge animation for any soul eater fan
Super Fun!  My son is a huge Mario fan. He loves it!
and says that this is the most softest wonderful squirtle plush that she has  My child got this one as her Bday present from my aunt, and says that this is the most softest wonderful squirtle plush that she has!!! Totally 100% satisfied customer 
Thanks
Great Plush!  Nemo is so soft and cuddly! My granddaughter loves it! If you have a Finding Nemo fan in your family, you really ought to buy this!
My grand daughter want this and she loves it
Love it!
Lovely
The cutest donald duck plush toy in the planet! Makes me want to buy more plush toys!!!
Very nice great size and quality
Quality toy!
Minnie arrived in perfect condition and is a top notch favorite for my grandchild. Highly recommended.
My son wanted a sloth for Christmas :-) I didn't want to get him a small one - this one is big and huggable for him. Very cute!
one cute Marcie  Extremely cute. A o k
The turtle is her favorite!  My granddaughter (who is 17 months old) LOVES your buckle toys!  The turtle is her favorite!
Adorable!  So cute!  All my grand kids love this toy and play with it every day!  The magnets are strong and will clip together, so they can make the toy hang from furniture or other Magnatude characaters.  Very clever!
Soft and Cuddly  The quality of this was amazing. Sometimes ordering online you aren't quite sure what you'll end up with but these were well made, soft, realistic and cuddly. I recommend them all. Such a cute collection!
Love it!!!  Lovely dragon!! The perfect balance of cute without being cartoonish! This dragon actually has lighter splotches of white-color on the red parts of the body, almost like a faint tie dye effect? Mine has the lighter tones on his tail and back of neck mostly. It doesn't detract from his cuteness, but I thought it worth mentioning. Much cuter in person than in the photo, I'm very happy :)))
She love it
Love him!  My granddaughter loves all things Peter Rabbit. He is adorable, well made and looked precious in her Easter basket. I would definitely recommend. Even the box is cute.
Friendly Little Red Furrball Of Fun!!  I had seen the many reviews on Elmo Knows Your Name being a crappy toy to buy and/or handle but to me,that's a load of BS.  I managed to be able to download this item with a few attempts but succeeded in a successfully complete download!!  I know that the commonly mentioned message,"doll not connected" appeared to me as well in fact I was on a predicament of sending it back to Amazon.com in which I ordered this item from but decided I wanted this item far more than the refund/replacement since I'm a 26 year old young lady whom ABSOLUTELY LOVES ELMO!!!!  I wasn't about to give up on this furry friend so I put in the CD ROM and input ALL the info I desired(This item was for myself,so I knew EVERYTHING to download on personal information so that was easy!!)while the USB Cable was attached to Elmo but NOT to your PC/laptop,mind you.  Once I was done with that,I attached the USB Cord on it's other end as I heard a chime as well as a panel that said,"new USB cord connected" in which gave me a clue on the matter so now I'm going to sleep with my new furry best friend!!  YAY!!    Ryou Bakura Girl
Great little set for my infant  My 4 month old loves these little guys.  The red T-Rex squeaks and the baby in the egg makes a crinkle noise.  The little cave man has fuzzy hair that we rub our sons hands over introducing him to textures.  The cave itself is not really played with at all right now, but I'm sure it will be played with in the future.  We are really happy with this purchase.
This bear is REALLY big. He has great stuffing inside of him and is really soft and huggable. He came in such a big box is was funny. He was also wrapped in plastic and paper. Came really fast too.
Soft yet tough R2D2  Best soft toy you can get of a "robot" that still maintains it's shape.  It has help up under the 'love' of a rough 5 year old.  It's legs though stuffed have kept their ability to hold it up in the tri-pod fashion of R2D2.  It's swiveling head has received some abuse, but no problems worth mentioning!
Its soft!  Its a really soft plush snake just one thing its not 52 inch its 50 but it doesnt really matter though.
Gift  Gift was well received
AWESOME, CHEAP AND CUTE!  I didn't buy this off Amazon. I bought it off eBay for $0.40. It came in perfect condition and I love it sooo much. Great design and very soft. I love to hug it every day. I have Toothless as well. No one bid over me which surprised me but nonetheless I HIGHLY RECCOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE A FAN OF THE MOVIE.
Comon it's Snorlax and he is incredibly cute and cuddly.
came in a timely matter and everything seemed to be stitched very well.
Great quality.
small, but cute
Mr. Toad=Awesome!  I LOVE this toy! I love Mr. Toad himself! It feels like I have a piece of the cartoon itself! The material isn't as ruuged or itchy as I thought. It's perfectly soft.
Perfect!  Adorable little poro! It now sits by my desk! Made out of good material and is well made. Only thing I can say is that the fluff is a little scratchy (so not super cuddly) but that's a-okay!
My 6yo is a big Minecraft fan. This plush Enderman is larger and cheaper than the ones you see at Wal-Mart and Target. We've only had it for a couple months, but it's had no durability issues so far. My son loves it.
Grandma approves of this Mickey snuggle blanky!  My 6-month old grandson loved it!  Very good quality and the colors are vivid as shown.  My little fellow enjoys cuddling with it when he's starting to get drowsy.
How to Train Your Dragon Deluxe Night Fury Toothless Poseable Figure Plush Doll  The product is beautiful and corresponds exactly to the description given by the seller. I recommend it to all lovers of the film "How to train your dragon", of every age.
Birthday Gift  This was the hit of the birthday party for our grandson and guests alike!  He quit what he was doing so that he could open it into its full size and try it out on the floor!  The product description was great!  We were not disappointed!
Perfect  Got it super fast and looked great
Cat in the Hat  I needed a cat in the hat for a special order and this one was amazing!  It was made well and looked and felt great!  My customer was very happy with it.
Grandson  My grandson loves Elmo. And sleeps with it every night. Very pleased with it. He calls it melmo. It goes every where with him.
Love this toy  Our toddler is obsessed with buckles and loves this toy. She can practice matching colors as she buckles. I like that there are different types of buckles. We use this as a car seat toy and its the perfect size for her to easily hold and manipulate. It keeps her happy and busy. Highly recommend.
The plush doll was super soft and the stitching is very well done  I bought this for my 11 year old daughter. I thought it would come a bit smaller than advertised but it didn't. The plush doll was super soft and the stitching is very well done. You will have to fluff his hair a bit as comes in a protective bag which I also thought was great. Overall I am very happy with this plush doll!
We love him!  So cute. Enjoying him in the office.
Received this  Great
but it is well made and well loved here already  Took forever to come from Japan, and was a little smaller than I'd hoped, but it is well made and well loved here already.
Too Cute for words.  Just adorable!!
everything that it said it was
Love it!  Love this stuffed animal. my daughter sleeps with him every night!!!!
Nice big size  My oldest loves him!! Nice big size...very pleased...
Couldn't beat the price, all of them were different, and all were halloween themed.
very good
A  Great  Griddle  My wife really like's this griddle, I got it for her birthday and she recieved from Amazon yesterday. The clean up is so easy. You have to use it to know how wonderful it really is. If anyone is thinking of buying it, will certainly be happy they did. It's great if you have a large family too. She said it is a five star griddle!
Great product  In love! Such a great wristlet... I use this to put My diapers and wipes and hand sanitizer and diaper cream... fits all that stuff so well!  I have this in my jujube bff diaper bag and for diaper changes I grab this and go! So useful and handy. I haven't washed it yet so not sure how it holds up. Highly recommend!
Great product! Exactly what I was looking for.
Daughter loves it!!  My daughter loved this stuffed unicorn. It's soft and she cuddles with it when she goes to sleep. Couldn't be happier
My son loooves this animal however he goes by "Big Lammy" at our house!
Great for toddler bedtime doll!
This is the best toy. It smells clean and is pure cotton so feels natural and soft!  My grandson has now gone through about 7 and he is almost 4!
nice size.  Bought for part of a baby shower gift..nice size.
but this one's my favorite!  i ordered 3 different animals, they are all cute, but this one's my favorite!
Big and warm  Bought these to go with a dinosaur onesie (these were Prime - eligible).  I decided a little late this year on my dinosaur costume, but they arrived on time and I really like them.  They're huge; the distance from toe-to-toe is really large and they're kind of long, too.  I have to kind of waddle in them to avoid tripping on the toes.  I have fun wearing them, though.  They're super warm and I love them.  Very happy.
Cute  I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. Came right when it was suppossed to, I may order the other colors also.
My daughter loves her Boov!!
great item, my niece was very happy  my seven year old niece fell in love with the Furby and plays with it all the time. I could not have been more happy with this purchase
GREAT  I think everybody should have one.they are definitely worth the money. everybody I've showed them to have enjoyed them. great
Peter Rabbit - Plush Animal  An adorable stuffed animal to go along with the book.  Our local library raffles baskets of things to help raise money for building upgrades. The theme of my basket is "Peter Rabbit," and I know this stuffed animal is going to be a big hit and help sell the basket.  Peter is new and came in a box encased in plastic.  I highly recommend this vendor.
Didn't expect that but wonderful surprise!  Vocabulary was huge! Didn't expect that but wonderful surprise!
Product is exactly what I wanted and at a good price.  Package arrived before estamated delivery date. Product is exactly what I wanted and at a good price.
Best saw I've ever used. This is comercial duty.  I've used Grizzly, Jet and older Delta table saws and this is hands down the best I've used yet. This is one of the strongest 3hp units available on the market. At 220v this saw puts out 12 1/2 amps. This added power lets you use wide kerf blades which allows for smooth cuts and no bogging down. This saw is smooth and quite and is very compact too. The reason for getting this saw is because I have limited space available and with a moble base, you'll hardley notice that this is even in your basement. The miter slots are precise with no binding or sloppiness. If you're looking for a new saw shop around and ask questions but I guarantee you'll be back for this. Please do yourself a favor, and save yourself money in the long run buy this one now. I've gone through two different table saws and wish I had purchased this one first.
Hello Great Little Kitty  I bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter who is a big fan of Hello Kitty and she loves it.
No problems, got it as a gift for my sister.
Well made  Really great product - perfect size and quality
A cute little Flareon that I'll definitely be looking forward to adding to the rest of my Eeveelution collection!
We love our little glow baby  We love our little glow baby. It is my daughters night light, and has became such a family favorite that we order one for everyone. We even keep extra at grandma and papas house. So soft and sweet.
As described  Kinda cheesy but it's cute
... daughter asked Santa for a stuffed animal that looked like her. She cried when she seen this gift  We recently lost our lab/newfoundland mix dog this part year and my daughter asked Santa for a stuffed animal that looked like her. She cried when she seen this gift. It has the cutest face and is super soft. Best purchase of Christmas yet. Santa did a great job :)
A perfect toddler gift.  Adorable!  The size is perfect! Not too small to get lost, and yet not too big so it will fit in my purse or backpack.
My 2 year old nephew loved it! He is a huge pep a fan and it was a big hit, it's a great size to be portable and carry around. Soft too! He loved it so much, we had to get his older 5 year old brother one too!
Great product.
So adorable! Mini Haru  This plushie came in one day early and I was very happy about that. This Haru plush is very soft and VERY huggable. The product came as described and it doesn't feel bulky or anything and it's perfect for anyone who loves Free! iwatobi swim club! I'm very pleased with my purchase.
Very plush!
Amazing quality for the price  Amazing quality for the price, I did have the problem with one of the eyes being a bit wonky but the overall majesty of the Mighty Rayquaza dwarfs the slight blemish.
the cutest boy  he is cute
The Perfect Pocket Pal Fennekin Plush  This little fiery fox Fennekin is an adorable, durable, excellently-designed plush toy by TakaraTomy. It is the perfect pocket Fennekin; she is a conveniently small size so you can carry her along with you on adventures (as she can easily fit in a backpack), but she is also not too small to hug and cuddle.  The material is high-quality polyester -- brightly coloured, soft, shiny, and washable (surface only). Most of her body is a vivid yellow colour, and the embroidered facial features, such as her big, round fiery orange eyes and her sweet little grin, are excellent. Tomy is very skilled when it comes to detail, and I particularly like that a special super-fluffy minky orange material was used for Fennekin's fiery ear-tufts. The ear tufts are reminiscent of actual flames, and the ears themselves stand upright and do not flop. She has a big rounded firmly stuffed teardrop-shaped tail with a bright orange tip. The tail helps to balance and support the plush. Her paws and feet are small and dainty, and she sits up on her own very well without toppling over. The face is quite symmetrical, and her vulpine snout is long and pointy like a real fox's muzzle. The overall design of this toy is a perfect replica of the fox cub Pokemon Fennekin from the games. Every detail is spot-on, even the little tufts of fur sticking out from her back legs. The plush is stuffed relatively firmly, but is definitely soft enough to be hugged.  This small Fennekin plush is part of the first series of X & Y Pokemon plush toys produced by Tomy/TakaraTomy, and can be found at ToysRUs, Target, and Walmart. I purchased mine at Target last year, and she is a nice addition to my Fennekin collection. (Note: A larger 15 inch Fennekin plush of the same exact design is also available from Tomy, and it is just as lovely. I've included size-comparison photos of the two.)  I highly recommend this cute little Fennekin to children and collectors who love Pokemon. It is a very high-quality, sturdy toy that can definitely handle play and cuddles, and it is also wonderful for a collection as well. It is definitely a flawless Fennekin!
In love with this backpack even a year later! It's adorable, made from strong material, and so damn cute!
Grandson loves it.
my daughter loved it
Thank you very much for your good service Everything was excellent
Amazing soft mermaid doll  I had a really hard time finding a soft mermaid doll that wasn't about 7" big. This was perfect. The quality was great and the colors so vibrant! Good size and my niece loved it. It was a hit with all of the kids actually. Great packaging and delivery as well.
Awesome!!
Absolutely love this toy  Absolutely love this toy! My baby has had it for about six months now and it is one of the few toys she never seems to lose interest in.
and makes a perfect gift for a pokemon fan  very very soft, ships quickly, and makes a perfect gift for a pokemon fan :3 your also able to move his arms in different positions (: i enjoy mine, so i recommend if you like pokemon to get one :3
So cute and sweet! My grandson loves him  So cute and sweet!  My grandson loves him!
I liked that it came here on time and undamaged.
My son loves this one too
Yoshi rocks!  My grandson is 5 & is just now into Mario Bro. He loves this toy!! Very nicely made, too.
I Love My Joy  I love her! Joy looks so cute with her blue eyes and hair, her dress, and her big smile.
Awesome  Got his for my 9 month old nephew. Actually I collected a series of rock-like guitar baby items for this coming Holiday. I got 3 outfits and browsing around, I saw the fluffy guitar. I thought it was adorable. I love it! I hope he loves it as much.
Granddaughter loved it.
Thank you !!
Wonderful plush toy  My toddler son absolutely loves this duck plush. I bought it for him when he was about 9 months old and it is his favorite pal. He carries it everywhere and I am surprised that no stitching has come lose as when he was teething he chewed on it a lot. It still looks almost new though and is very well made and cute.
A bit smaller than expected by great quality
My granddaughter loves it.....
lovely  this little bunny has tons of character and for children that expect something more than just a bunny, she is the way to go!
kids love it
My son loved it! We used this and a big Sully as centerpieces for my son's birthday table
So very cute!  This is the cutest little plush peacock! My daughter is doing her nursery in this design and I got Cha-Cha to sit on top of her diaper cake - he's a little big for that but I will make it work.
Grandson Loves Sunflower!  Gave this to my 41/2 year old grandson for Christmas to compliment his plush zombies.  He's a huge plants and zombies fan and has several plush zombies.  This one is his favorite "defensive" toy.  It's soft and cuddly, plays music (makes several different sounds) when you squeeze its head - what a surprise to my grandson when he discovered this - and has become a favorite member of his P&Z collection.  My grandson mixes his plants and zombies plush dolls with action figures and has "raids" and "battles".  The plush toys certainly seem to stimulate his imagination beyond the P&Z game and he takes them everywhere. They are very resilient to pulling and twisting and can be thrown around without breaking anything.  Overall, great toy!
So cute!  Daughter got this from Santa and she loved it!  I love that it's small and not too big for my two year old to carry around the house and sleep with!
Awesome  I love these 12" plush, they are the greatest! They are well made, colorful, and represent their pokemon in the cutest way!
LOVE IT
Just Adorable  So cute!  I got this and a Boo book for my baby great niece for Christmas and want to keep for myself, lol, but I won't.  She is just turning 7 months old and the size is perfect for her.
super cute! :)  Sooooo cute and soft.  Very well made. :)  Look forward to buying other plush from this seller. :)
My friend was very pleased to receive this  This is very cute and well made! My friend was very pleased to receive this!!
Authentic Dumbo!  Large, super soft and true disney authentic, with the foot tag and everything. Looks exactly like Dumbo, so darling for my little one!  I paired him with the Dumbo golden book -perfect gift.
He loved it
Very cute  Our 2 year old absolutely loves it. Her favorite lines are "Cupcake" and "Hug time", and she'll always comes for a hug after those.
my grand babies love this pillow buckle toy  From 5 month old to toddler, my grand babies love this pillow buckle toy !
SUCH A SWEET FACE.  This is the second Beatrix Potter stuffed toy that I have ordered from Amazon.  Like the Jemima Paddle Duck stuffed toy that I also ordered, Peter Rabbit is very nice.  He has a very sweet face, his jacket well made, and he is sturdy but very appealing.  As a new comer to Amazon, I have been very pleased with the items, shipping, packaging, and customer service.  I will be returning often.  Thank you.
Great learning tool  Great product! Granddaughter loved it.
Very realistic
great toy  I bought this toy for my 6 year old son.  He has one of the smaller sets which I bought to see if this is something he would play with, etc.  It is durable and has a lot of play value.  I always look for things that engage the imagination and this seems to fit that bill.  There are a lot of really tiny accessories that can be hard to keep up with and are not appropriate for a really young child.  Keeping that in mind I recommend this product.
This will be a perfect gift for my 3 yr old grandson  This will be a perfect gift for my 3 yr old grandson. He currently carries around Mr Grouper plastic toy that is small (fits in his hand) and he constantly is loosing it. So I feel this will be perfect in size-wont get lost as it is 16 inches.and he can sleep with it! Love it!
Its a great baby shower gift  This elephant is so soft.  Its a great baby shower gift.
Bought this dolly for my 5 month old granddaughter. She really seems to love it. Very soft and easy to handle for little hands. Love GUND!
Wow  This plush is amazing, it's super soft, a perfect size (not all really small) and the stitching is perfect. It's accurate to the picture, it wasn't all deformed or poorly put together, the clothing on the doll was even well sewn, and is able to move on the body of the doll, it's not sewn directly onto the body. I loved it, my daughter loves it even more.
he takes it around and plays like he is a rabbid  My son loves this toy.  he takes it around and plays like he is a rabbid.  Very fun watching him.
These dolls are fantastic! Well made, very soft, with lovely details. Highly recommend for any child.
My little boy loves him!  This Zuma stuffed animal was a great addition to my Paw Patrol-loving 2-year-old's collection. He's a great size for a little kid to use and he is super cute. There are several large tags on him that can be annoying, but I just cut them off for my son.
Very cool
Grandson loved it.  Looks like it was worth the extra money we spent.  Reading the reviews on the problems people had with the cheap ones helped our decision to go with the good.  Don't think anyone would be disappointed with the one.
we were both happy.  I purchased this in March and it has held up well. It came with official looking tags, but considering that it was half the retail price (I see it is even cheaper now) and came from China I have my doubts that it is actually the officially licensed product. Regardless, my son loves it and has slept with it every night. Since there was no way I was going to pay the outrageous price they were charging in stores, we were both happy.
Grad kids loved them
My 4 year old loves it. Very well made product, feels durable.
very realistic  Just wonderful
it brought back good old memories.
So cute my wife tried to steal It.  This doll is amazing!  It's adorable, made very well, and you can pose it anyway you like!  The clothing is really detailed as well.  It's not just painted on like it is on so many other UFO plushies.  As far as a I can tell from the tags on it, it is the real deal Nendoroid plushie (and not a boot leg like many on Amazon sell).  So if you purchase from this guy, you can rest assured that you are getting the real thing and not a cheap knock off.
Great pirate hat.
Love it!  My Grandson is a super hero nut, so this was just perfect.  I thought it was very well made and sturdy.
Great gift for 18 month old!  I previously bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BUCKLE-TOY-34-Bongo-34-Toddler-Early-Learning-Basic-Life-Skills-Children-s-Plush-Travel-Activity/dp/B01D3WY1FQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BUCKLE TOY "Bongo" - Toddler Early Learning Basic Life Skills Children's Plush Travel Activity</a>&nbsp;for my son who is 1.5 years old and he LOVES his new "Bongo" Buckle Toy. I purchased "Bella" for a friend's daughter since they are the same age. The toy is not large and fits in little hands well along with being surprisingly soft. My son (who has the one I linked to above, below are pictures of my son playing with his Bongo {toy is the same minus the color and face differences}) loves the zipper pocket and puts his favorite Hot Wheel in there and zips it up and then unzips it again. He figured out pretty quickly that he is suppose to match the buckles that are the same color to each other and that some of the buckles are different. The purple buckle and the blue buckle are a bit harder for him to get which I like since it keeps him guessing and learning. On the back of the toy are large numbered flaps with animals underneath them. My son was so excited to find them and he points to them and says their sounds. I really appreciate that this toy is fun for kids who aren't quite up to buckles because of the flaps on the back and can also be a bit of a challenge for older kids because of the different types of buckles on the toy. I strongly recommend this toy to anyone. It is very well made and thoughtfully designed for your little one. I have already bought several more for friends!
Boom is great!
Sweetie Pie  Purchased it for an older friend who just had to put her Schnauzer down.  She loves it and although it can't bring back her beloved dog, it seemed to ease some of the feelings of loss she experiences.
Awsome  Nephew loved it
So Realistic  Gave this owl as a christmas present and my daughter loved it. She collects every owl this company makes because they do look like real birds. They even look like they are covered with real feathers. The cream of the crop when it comes to stuffed animals. They have  great choices to pick from too.
Very happy with our purchase
Love it!! (Review of a hardcore Sailor Moon fan!)  I know when I was debating on purchasing this and other SM plush dolls, I was looking for reviews from people who know Sailor Moon and could compare the item to the characters from the anime/manga. Therefore, I wanted to make sure I reviewed this item! It's just as described. Coming from a hardcore Sailor Moon fan, it looks just like Tuxedo Mask!!! Perfect gift for those in your family who love the anime! Seems sturdy, stands alright if leaning on a wall on one side. I have four of them and they stand across my manga against a wall. Love them and can't wait to complete my set!
Granddaughter's favorite plush toy!!!
So cute and great quality, i love how it stands on its own.
cute  Tiny because it's 3 1/2 inches but it's cute so it did it's job as a gift.
I got this for my sister for Christmas! She loved it! It's a nice little collectors item for a Nintendo fan
Ages 2-22!!!!!!  Ohmygosh!!!! This doll is the absolute BEST! My mom got me one and I LOVE it!!!! Note: NOT ONLY for 2 year olds!!!!!!
Minnie spins around my 4 month old daughter loves to watch it. Easy enough for my 2 year old to wind it to start her spinning
Great
Super soft and loved by any Star Wars fan  Super soft and loved by any Star Wars fan. Just keep it away from any dogs as it almost became a dog plush toy when no one was watching.
my daughter loved!
Why is the price doubled??  Excellent for personalizing. Just curious why the price nearly doubled in the last couple of weeks.
Cute. Came quickly.
Very fun toy that met expectations for a good price
Cute!  This was a gift for a friend, and she loved it! Thank you, Amazon!
LOVE it!!
I like Blueberry Muffin
My Kids love it
Loved it
My dog loves it. Carrys it everywhere.  My  dog loves it.  Carrys it everywhere.
funny item  just what I was looking for! IT was packaged perfectly and works great. Thanks for care about what you send out to customers some people don't.
Just like the picture I love it so much I don't know what the big fuss about it I love mine good price and adorable 
Very cute!
loved it
THE BEST!  Ugly Dolls are the best! They are well made and truly unique. Everyone should have one. I buy them for everyone as gifts. And I have a collection of them myself.
I know it says the size but it was bigger than expected and my son loves him :)
nice and low price
Cute.
Love it! Thank you.
Excellent buy!  Superb!  Excellent toy for young and old.  Plush and sounds awesome and lights up!  Just "FANTASTIC" as Doctor #9 would say!
Love YGG!  My 2.5 year old loves Yo Gabba Gabba. She has all of the little friends stuffed animals- so when I discovered there was a DJ Lance- I had to snatch him up! It's harder these days then 7-8 years ago to find YGG toys for a reasonable price. DJ Lance is super cute. The materials aren't cheap and the quality is top notch. I can't to give it to her! Unfortunately, I plan on holding on to it for Christmas! Hopefully Incan last another 5 months!
I figured this would satisfy her and our dog  I got this as a gag gift for my wife, who is constantly telling our dog she's going to get a Maltese puppy!  I figured this would satisfy her and our dog, because our dog really doesn't want any competition!  It's cute, quite, and doesn't shed or soil the carpet!  What more could you ask for?
Christmas gift for my grandson and he loved it!  Just what he wanted and they were very hard to find, so I was happy to come across this one at a reasonable price.
Great toy for an adult!  Everything came before I expected it and the product was well manufactured.  I would recommend this product to my friends.
Scooby Doo Plush Doll  Scooby Doo Doll is very well detailed. It is a perfect size for my son to take to bed at night.
Ordered this toy and a green bucket, both arrived at the same time and very fast!
Beautifully created  My granddaughter loved the dolls!
Super soft and plush.  My lil guy loves it!
She loved it.  I bought this item fir my 3 or old granddaughter.  She loved it.
Really great quality, amazing price. Shipping was fast.
Short and sweet.  Great looking plush perfect for any Fim fan.
bought this for my husband. he currently has it hanging in his office. item came exactly as pictured.
My Daughter's favorite Christmas Gift  This adorable little Boo brought much joy to my daughter and elicited many ahhhhhs from everyone else Christmas Day!  Stuffed animals are collectibles at my home, and Boo has now become a special treasure for my daughter!  He is so adorable that we all seem to want to hold it every time we walk by it!  This gift was worth every penny and then some!!
So cute and soft  I love this so much! It is sooo cute and excellent quality. Its not huge but its not small size either. I can hug it and its very soft. Im super satisfied with this little marshfellow.
exelente  exelente
My 23 year old son, loves Red Pandas. He saw them at the zoo and fell head over hills. So I ordered this for him for Christmas. It is just the right size and made very well. Got it in 2 days.
yay!  This was a very good deal for a Harry Potter plush. He's adorable!
I'll never forget waiting in the parking before opening. I couldn't believe I had become one of "those" customers. The doors opened, my heart raced.... I walk to the counter and there it was. The day was August, 1st and the Arceus give away just started. There in front of me? The Arceus 20th anniversary limited edition doll! My money screamed, jumped out of my wallet and ran to the register before I knew what hit me.
Love them they are exactly what I was looking for.
The Lorax  My little granddaughter loves the Lorax. It is very small but she can carry it easily in her hads and little tiny wagon.
Jiggly puff  My daughter love it!! It's so bautiful, very soft!!!
Was a perfect gift!  I got this as a gift for my girlfriend, who after seeing the movie couldn't stop saying "It's so fluffy I'm going to die!" She loved it!
Grand child loved this large "George"...Amazon did an outstanding job in delivering in time for Christmas.
Cute and tiny!
Adorable  Great little birthday present!
Great toy. She loves them all  My granddaughter was just thrilled and so excited to have a new Troll.  Great toy.  She loves them all.
My toddler LOVES this toy.
Great quality, great price and quick delivery
I purchased this for my granddaughter and she loves this doll.
100% Satisfied  Strong material, no loose strings. Looks exactly like it does on the picture. Very accurate & up to date information in regards to shipping. No complaints.
5 stars  My son has had a sonic and tails plush sense he was 3. He got this guy for Christmas age 9 :) he is a very happy camper. Thank you guys!!
It was a gift so I don't really know.
Looks great! Bigger than we thought too.
I might love it too much.  I bought this item at a store as an impulse buy. I just had it sitting on the desk for the longest time. Then I felt lonely and hugged it and felt better. c: I do that on occasion from now on. I'll also use it as kind of a teddy bear when I sleep now. I don't like to sleep without it.
Cute little Elf  I really like this little Elf.  My sister has the book, "The Elf on the Shelf" and the Elf that goes with the book.  I actually think this elf is a lot cuter than that one!  I put this little guy on my shelf and use him in the same way- just without the book. I don't need a book to tell my kids elf stories though:)
Great!  Super cute and official San-x! I love it!
My daughter plays with this constantly and loves it!  Its well made and engaging.
It's exactly like the picture. It's perfect and well put together. You'll absolutely love it trust me.
Small but it looks great the details!  Great product, especially for fans of Sora No Otoshimono, it's smaller than I thought but I love it!
love that peppapig  I ordered it for my great niece who is 3  she loves it takes it with her everywhere.
A Great Gift!  This was a gift for a friend. Arrived quickly, and she was happy with it. Thanks.
Nice looking seat  Came with all of the pieces to replace a boring seat, including soft rubber washer-like plugs so that it doesn't tighten too much against the fragile porcelain toilet surface.  The metal was as shiny as pictured.  The 'scallop' design was more of a 'rope' design, as it's more twisted than scalloped, but works well with the decor.  It is heavier than the prior seat, and can sound loud when closing, but I haven't noticed any damage from the handful of times that it was dropped shut.  I will definitely look for something similar when replacing other bathroom seats.  Much nicer than the ones found in big box stores nearby.
Cute doll  Most adorable troll poppy doll! It is big enough to cuddle with and play with. My daughter is 2 and about 31 tall and is the perfect size for her! She adores princess poppy !
One year old Daughter loves giraffe.
This is a good quality toy.  Nice fabric and good stitching.
Very nice!
just as described
great buy
too cute and thankfully not loudly annoying!
Just as cute as the photo  A great rendition of Pooh's friend Eeyore -- this little guy is absolutely adorable. My only complaint, and it's not enough to merit deduction of a star, is that the sizes of the Gund Pooh characters in relation to each other aren't consistent. Eeyore looks too small compared to the larger Tigger and Pooh characters, at least to my adult mind. My granddaughter doesn't care in the least, though, and that's what really counts.
My 9 year old Grandson loves it.
Great service  No problems at all with transaction - my granddaughter got it for her birthday & it's now a firm favourite with her unicorn
Dora Addiction  My daughter will be receiving all the Dora and Diego crew for Xmas.  She just loves them all so much!
10 out of 5 stars  better than expected ! love them! ciel even has his little demon seal on his eye!
Awesome!  Awesome! Sounds just like Perry
Super cute
Very happy  My daughter loves it
Great Pooh stuffed toy  Baby, mom and grandma all love this wonderful stuffed Pooh. It is very soft and cuddly and among the favorites in this household. The size listed is correct when Pooh is sitting. If he is not sitting, it is about 16 1/2" by my measurement, still small enough for my 21 month old grandson to carry about (although he is tall for his age). Eyes, nose, eyebrows are sewn so no removable parts. The little shirt is attached to body at two spots with what looks like a few stitches. If you needed to, you could probably snip it carefully and wash the shirt. However, Pooh is stuffed with foam and pellets so you don't want to make a hole in the bear itself. It feels like the pellets are at the bottom as the rest of Pooh is cushy. Very nice bear.
Lots of fun with Buckles  My 1 year old daughter has loved to play with "Buckles" since I gave it to her. She was pretty good at it at first, and her coordination and technique has improved. She is learning to put the right clips together and colors at the same time. It's great on car rides, I know she'll be entertained for at least 10 to 15 minutes. Would highly recommend it.
Sooo cute
Great Buy  I just saw them at a store at $25.00. My grandbabies loved them, it was a birthday gift for them.
Elf on the shelf  used this as elf on the shelf, it doesn't look as creepy and the kids loved it
Perfect!
adorable
plus it's super soft! I think I'll be buying another soon  The shipping was really quick and I half expected to receive a knockoff. I ended up getting the real thing, plus it's super soft! I think I'll be buying another soon... But for now, I'm happy with my Christmas Pikachu.
Lovely toy!!  Lovely figure! It's always around!
Both items are wonderful. Exactly what was in the description of the product. High quality and packaged well
ok  It was a 10" pikachu and my daughter love it, but I don't think it worth the price because it looks cheaper than the photo you see in here and much different.  The back doesn't look like the photo and I saw three small holes,  it look used than new and I bought it new not used one. I was very unsatisfied, but the seller understand that he send me the wrong pikachu and willing to send me a new/right one, so its a good and very nice thing that the seller did.  The seller really cooperate and understand customer's satisfied, I would buy stuff from this seller again in the future.
Super cute and soft.
GREAT SHAPE  This Product came in Great shape! its fits perfectly with my kiba inuzuka plush! Plus he looks soo much like him too i love this plushie!<3
As described.
Happy  My daughter was very happy with this plush Pokmon cat thing.
I love him!!!!!!
Perfect toy!  This toy makes me happy for so many reasons. I love the soft music, the fact that it plays real songs, that it goes for 10 minutes straight, the light glow of his face, and when it's done the glow gently fades away. It's so soothing that even I want to cuddle up to it! And my baby absolutely LOVES it and has from the first time I gave it to him. It has saved us several times from a tantrum or from an overtired baby. Whoever invented this was a genius!
Soft and cute  I would hope that this is the "blanky" that a new baby would want as it grows.  It's very soft and the bunny is cute.  I bought it as a baby shower gift to complement the same book.
Little one loves it  Shipped quickly and my little one loves it!
Cute for little girls.
Very huggable and very fun to play with  My 3.5 year old loves the planets.  He tries to sleep with the hard plastic ones that belong to a mobile...this plush Jupiter is well made and very soft so no problem with him wanting to sleep with them after a day of play.  Jupiter is good size about the size of a child's basketball.  Delivery was right on!
so adorable. The perfect addition to my  So soft, so adorable. The perfect addition to my appartment
Loved them!  My daughter loved these stuffed animals! Recieved them in a couple days which was really nice. Doc has a funny nose but other then that there great!
My Granddaughter loves it!!
... favorites from the pokemon series and I was quite happy in finding this find  Groudon was one of my favorites from the pokemon series and I was quite happy in finding this find. The material it was made from is nice and soft and the parts on its neck and head seemed to be easy to tear off. But other than that I am ok with this purchase.
Great toddler toy!  This is the perfect little doll for toddlers. It is interactive and easy to carry around. The colors and textures are great learning tools and fun for toddlers to explore. I have purchased one for my own daughter (16 months) and one for her friend (a little boy who is almost 2 years old) and they both love it!
wonderful! we named him after my roommates dad! he watches over all the other creatures!
The Real Golden Freddy  Arrived in time for my daughter's birthday and she loves this rare plush to add to her collection. This Funko plush is the real thing, not like so many of the knock-offs I've seen.
The child we bought him for loved him!!!
Simple and Lovable  My son LOVES Elmo. In getting one I wanted one as large as possible. This Elmo is close to my 2 year old's height but nice and light so he can hold, squeeze and carry him. I did not want one with any bells and whistles. If my kid is anything like i was, Elmo with have many many travels far and wide. I need him to last! This one is perfect for us!
Prettier in person!  Five stars, granddaughter loved it!
looks just like the photo  Detailed and soft, looks just like the photo. Very nice plush
Super cute  Great product and very cute, our 6 and 1 year old both play with it and it's still in one piece
great granddaughter loves it.
My three year old granddaughter loved these dolls  My three year old granddaughter loved these dolls. She loves the cartoon. They are perfect for under three. Their bodies are soft, perfect for snuggling in bed.
My daughter loves them. They arrived well before the estimated ship date!!
So here I am contemplating the perfect gift for my lovers son  So here I am contemplating the perfect gift for my lovers son. When I come across nat and Jules plush lion. At first I'm unsure if this particular lion will meet his first impression expectations, but after carefully combing reviews I decide to take the $20 plunge. The lion arrived in decedent packaging exceeding all expectations, his fur resembling that of a newborn chinchilla. Let's just say the moment I handed this lion to my lovers son, my "lover" became my husband. Vegas
Wow!  Loved it. So amazingly soft and snuggable! The most amazing thing I have ever spent money on. And my dog loves it.
Great for the price
adorable and soft
Great quality
I love it...my granddaughter loves it too...she was very happy...thank you ...
Better than I expected!!  Better thank I expected. I was a bit worried that the bear was going to be a fake. I was very pleat that it was authentic and wasn't cheaply made. It is of very good quality and very happy with my purchase.
This Cookie Monster was awesome. It far exceeded my expectations  This Cookie Monster was awesome. It far exceeded my expectations! It was softer and larger than what I expected. Would recommend this product to everyone!
My son loved this and it's been sturdy
I think it's a perfect gift for their learning brains  I bought Bucky for my son and Belle my friends daughter who is 7 weeks older than my son. My son is 11 months old and I plan on giving this to him on his birthday.  My friends daughters birthday is this weekend so I'll come back and update you on how she likes it.  I got a chance to fiddle around with it though. I wanted to make sure the buckles wouldn't "snap" shut as I don't want to risk getting their little fingers caught in the buckles when they clip. But the buckle clicks shut very softly if that makes any sense. They don't have a lot of resistance so it's a smooth click when they do close. Not a tight click (again if that makes any sense).  I think it's a perfect gift for their learning brains. I give it a 5 star rating because the product is WELL put together, no loose strings. The zipper is on there right and it's MEANT for a toddler. I don't feel as if these buckles are ANY where close to the car seat buckles.  I posted on Facebook about this item seeing if any of my friends has used this with their kids and immediately someone mentioned "I don't think this is a good idea. It's teaching them how to get out of their car seats or high chairs" - NOT AT ALL THE CASE. If your kid can unbuckle themselves then I would be more concerned about the company making your carseat or high chair rather than this little toy. Car seat buckles are SO strong and difficult to unbuckle even as an adult. I wouldn't worry about if your kid can unbuckle himself/herself after using this toy. This toy teaches them how to unbuckle but they are gentle buckles. Not durable car seat buckles  ** update ** gift was delivered and the 1 year old LOVED it. She has had it for about a week now and it certainly is something that keeps her distracted. If I get any further updates I will let you all know.
My faV
Cuddly, Soft, Well-made & Collectible  Cuddly, Soft, Well-made & Highly Collectible. My children draw these figures and make cartoon episodes out of them. They're adorable and pillow-like.
Soft and adorable. I with the arms were not stitched together but of course I knew that before buying. I got it as a gift for my friends' baby's birthday.
Soft and cuddly  Love him. Great addition to my collection
Great die cuts  I'm a big Tom Holtz fan but I'll try to keep my review of this awesome die cut from bring too over the top.  This die works well cutting through paper, card stock & chip board even though I've only used it with my Cuttlebug.  I haven't tried cutting fabric with it, YET.  I haven't been disappointed in any of the Tim Holtz dies and highly recommend this set, as well as the Tatter Florals and the Hanging Sign sets.
Very cute and everything I expected.
Help us Link, your our only hope. :p  Daughter loved it.
Adorable and fun  It's just a cute little Wind Waker-type plushie... Even more adorable than it looks in the pictures!! It was the perfect gift for my fellow Wind Waker fanatic. It came quickly and in excellent condition.
I bought these for my early teen grandson who was going on a trip for Christmas with his family.  He seemed to enjoy them.  I didn't see any smirks or odd faces when he opened the box. I personally loved them.  My son had some when he was a pre-teen and he wore them everywhere.
Bought this for my neice and its her new favorite toy!
So easy to use, even I made a Perfect Z-Bend.  *** I paid full price for this product. ***  I have to say that I wish I had this pair of Z-Bend two years ago. I have wasted so much piano wire trying to perfect the z-bend and of course the "modified z-bend". This tool by Hobbico is 100% A W E S O M E !  You simply put a piece of piano wire in the mouth of the tool, and press the handle closed in your hand and Voila, a perfect z-bend.  This tool is a quality all the way. It feels very solid and has weight to it. I plan on using this 5 Star too for a long long time.
My grandson loves it!!  I was a little worried about the quality of the product because of the price.  I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in the mail.  It is darling, high quality and my grandson loves it.  I wish I had ordered two!!
Nice!  Arrived quickly, quality is great! A must buy for soul eater fans.
Great gift  Gave it to my 7 year old nephew for his end of school year gift and he loved it!
Granddaughter loved it
my great grandbabie just loves it...very happy with it.
as long as the kid is happy  We are happy with the purchase, but the packing was too big for the toy so it was unnecessary, plus it did not come in a merchandiser box nor with tags.. But it is of a great quality. I also did not like the fact that it did not say " its so fluffy" but i already knew that. Shipping was very fast, it was expected to come in 8 days but it reached me in much less.
This toy is so soft and fluffy. My daughter really loves it.
Adorable!  Super soft and sweet doll. My 2 year old loves that she can really give her a bath. And after squeezing her out well (a somewhat traumatic process for my daughter to observe) I throw the doll in the dryer while I get my daughter ready for bed. The doll is completely dry in just 5-10 minutes!
Awesome!!  soft, durable, and looks great.
Great toy! My grandson loves it  Great toy!  My grandson loves it!
Awesome plush  Sanei awesome high quality official plush looks like the real Morton would recommend to any mario fan Morton fan or koopaling fan so I really recommend this plush if you want a genuine plush order straight from amazon because its amazon and toys and games outlet because  that's Japan Video games Amazon seller account so if you order from those two you'll get what you want and not a fake
If you're going to spend big bucks for a toy, you could do a lot worse!  Gift for a Harry Potter fan-- she was thrilled.  The toy seems to be well made.  A bit disappointing that it came in a plastic bag, rather than more impressive packaging for giving, but the recipient didn't mind in the least.  This Fawkes really is the "authentic" one, and it arrived quickly and safely.
Kweh!  Cute and cuddly! What more could one ask for from a Chocobo? Absolutely adorable! It now nests in my future child's room on a shelf, waiting for more love. :D Perfect for any Final Fantasy fan!
Wonderful doll!  Adorable doll. My granddaughter loves it.
This thing is Awesome!  From the title itself i figured this monkey was gonna break from the rough play of me and my friends shooting it at each other as hard as we could.  But that was our dumb fualt.  Still this was one awesome toy!
Hello...I'm Sadness...
Great present!  Bought for my best friend's 4 year old daughter's birthday as she is currently obsessed with Hello Kitty. Although she received many presents that featured her, this was the only stuffed Hello Kitty she received and she immediately fell in love with it! Very cute and unique style that the punk-loving parents adored too.
Cute, relevant with Windwaker HD being released not too long ago, and seems well made. The Zelda fan I gifted it to loves this little Link!
has become a favorite.  As described, has become a favorite.
CROCODILLY!  This is awesome! It is the exact Crocodilly that Snooki had on Jersey Shore! It is so cute and cuddly!
This is so cute! It is bigger than I expected, and makes me laugh. Can't wait to add it to the kids' Christmas stockings!
Emoji party!  We had an Emoji birthday party for my eleven-year-old daughter. We purchased this set of emoji keychains to pass out to the girls in their goodie bags with some other items. The girls LOVED them. They are small and adorable. My kids ended up putting their emojis on their backpacks for school. They are perfect for that sort of thing because they have that little key clip for attaching. These worked great for the emoji party!
it was so cute
Barney also sings I Love You You Love me  Fun for all and it sings too!
Great product! The stitching is nice, it doesn't feel like anythings going to come apart. Super soft.
very cute  showed up fast and just like advertised. however i did not pay attention to the sizes so i was thinking they would be much bigger, but once i rechecked i realized it was my goof. my kids love them! they mad great stocking stuffers.
Excellent.  My daughter absolutely loves them. She said they were better than she expected. She's 17, but to her, these things are LIFE.
but fantastic. It is a bit over-stuffed though  The realistic design is creepy, but fantastic. It is a bit over-stuffed though.
Just as pictured!
My Granddaughter loved it!!!  After my granddaughter (5 yrs old), broke her arm I sent this monkey to her and she loved it. She took it everywhere she went. Great for a younger child who broke their arm. They laugh and that's what it is all about. Great product and great price
I love it :)
I love this next to my kuerig  My daughter bought me for Christmas and I keep my Stevia packets in it and it does a great job
My granddaughter holds her Tec Tractor everyday as she watches the show.
nice toy
perfect gift for my one-yr -old grandson  my grandson loves this little elmo. small and soft enough to take nite-nite with him. it was the first toy he tried to 'feed'
cute  I love them. Theyre small but super cute 
Perfect
Great Present, larger then I thought they would be
Review  I got this for my friend and she loved it. It was adorable and great quality. She still snuggle with it.
My son love it.
Buckles are easy and fun to click.  Great for the car seat and buggy at the grocery store.  Keeps little hands busy.
Cute and colorful!  About the size of a softball...?  I bought this for my newborn son - his father being a huge Zelda fan...  Great quality, holds up well, and my son stares at it for hours when we do tummy time.  It also looks good sitting there on the shelf.  It's colorful and happy.  A little smaller than I expected but not to it's detriment.  I wish they had a Zelda plush, or an Octorok!  Nice gift for a Zelda fan!
good value and kids loved them
Very cute but not for daily use  Albeit a little cheap, it is adorable. And hardly a few bucks. If you're not careful, you may lose an eye as they're simply glued on. I didn't have any trouble with the clasp - it opens and closes easily. Having read/watched the series since it's beginning, simply having gama-chan is a nostalgic pleasure, so I won't be using it as a daily coin purse due to that it will probably fall apart within a week. Shipping took a pretty long time about 4 weeks. The actual item was more of a deep green than the photos, and had a flatter shape than the spherical body in the pictures.
GOOD PATTERN MY FAV COLOR IS BLUE  I really like blue Foreal my best color but furby are really talkative half of the time but other than that THEY ARE OKAY IF YOU ARE LONELY OR BORED
Adorable  The child I bought it for loves it. It is about as close to real as a stuffed toy gets.
I love Max, he looks great next to Grinch at Christmas!!!
Cute little toy. My daughter loves it! It is cuter than the picture too.
My grand daughter wanted it and she loved it.
Quality item...a little scrawny, but not too bad.  I've included a picture with a regular iPhone 6 for size ratio. Very nice plush body. I have to say it was refreshing that This was a Licensed Nintendo Brand character.  (It's hard buying these plush toys online sometimes because they show pictures of the licensed character & then you get some lesser quality knockoff version). This one was exactly as described.  Not as big as I'd thought.  I have a Luigi that I bought in the store that is about the same size dimensions ... Only he's (Luigi)much fuller than this guy (Waluigi).  But the price wasn't bad and quality is great.  He will do just fine for my son's video show.  Lol:)
Kids love it  Kids love it. They can't wait for the movie.
does the job perfect
Received looks great.  Thank You
It's great!  Awesome!  My daughter loves it!
Great Bread Knife  I didn't realize how badly I needed a bread knife till I got this.  I can slice any bread without crushing it at all.  Nice design.
It was perfect!
I really loved this toy and so did my little niece  I really loved this toy and so did my little niece, whom I gave it to. Great quality and absolute great price. Very much recommended
but it is official sanei japan animal crossing new leaf version and it is pretty high quality none the less  a bit smaller than I thought... but it is official sanei japan animal crossing new leaf version and it is pretty high quality none the less :) great item to my collection!
Great for travel  One year old Granddaughter  was kept busy on flight tand in taxis . Great for travel .
Great  Great looking plush.  Does not stand too well on its own.
alot smaller than i expected.. but its soooo soft.
Post Surgery Fun  4 stars! - It arrived quickly and was well received by the victim of a bad gallbladder! FWIW, surgery went well too! Laughter is the best medicine!
Happy with it!  This plushy is extremely soft and has all the features as described. My 7 year-old daughter plays with it all the time and it's still going strong. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Cute, Cuddly & Cranky, but Comfortable  I got this for my wife. She loves it. Says it's not a bad pillow either.
Collectible Peter Rabbit  I bought this rabbit for my grandson and was very please by the way it was made. I hope that he will like it as much as his grandmother did.
Awesome  Its so cute I LOVE IT
This thing is absolutely adorable!
These were adorable and looked customized!
Perfect for  little ones and big ones  These chairs were very easy to put together and are the perfect size for my three-year-old and sturdy enough for adults to sit on, too. They look great with the other Mission-style furniture we have in our art room.
Cute!  Super cute and soft. Nice size.
Cuter in person  I love this elephant and I hope my son will grow up to love it too. It is soft and unique looking and the little rattle inside is ok now but Id prefer if not be there when hes older. Oh well though, I love it.
My kids love it  So cute! It's big! My kids love it
Very cute and well made.  My wife and I love pelicans. this travels with us in our motorhome.
ghtsrr
Arrived much faster than I had expected & my daughter loves it :).
Perfect  My son will love this Woody Doll. Description was perfect. Price was right. Fast shipping. I am very happy with this purchase.
Perfect  Child Loves it
Really cute.  Really cute.
Perfect!  Great Sellers!  It took 3 weeks to arrive from China to my mountain home in USA.  Well made, clean and he is exactly as in the picture. Don't know if he is 12"inch; I didn't measure, no need!. Perfect for a toddler; not to big, not to small.  I was waiting for this little guy everyday ... it was a present for a little boy who loves little George and his dinosaur.  Grrrrr dinosaur!!!!  =)
Great Christmas gift for my daughter. She loves it!
My Wife Loves it!!!  Soft & Plush.
A boyish way to teach skills needed for independence;
Great toy for child.
I purchased Big Hugs Elmo  for a gift for my great-nephew's 1st Birthday.  It was such a wonderful gift.  He listened to Elmo a few times and started touching his face and then he opened his arms wide just like Elmo does and gave him a BIG HUG!  It was priceless to see him do this to Elmo.  (There were many tears shed for happiness in the audience.)  He acted like him and Elmo were best buddies!  He didn't want to put Elmo down to open his other gifts.  SO CUTE!
Such a cutie   Such a cute small doll/ stuffed animal. Fits perfectly on my bed. Very happy with this.
LOVE  My kids love their Furby!  It is a lot more fun than the previous ones because of the app you can use.  Both my kids have sat and played together and laughed, which makes my heart smile.  The Furby turns on with Furbish and English talk.  The phrases are so funny, that my husband and I have found ourselves sitting and playing with these also with the kids.  Great buy!
LOVE! The Baby Mario I was sent looks exactly like the picture. Definitely a steal for the price & quality of the items. Must buy for your favorite little boy in your life.
Excellent
Love naruto so i had to get this when my girlfriend added it to her wish list, this little thing is hilarious, we use it as a little coin oouch when we go to the arcade, pullin our tokens out in style!
Prompt, and exactly what was expected! Very well made!
Kids love this product  Gave this gift to my granddaughter.  Kids love this product.
As expected. Adorable  So cute.. daughter loved It!
Absolutely CUTE!
100% happy!  Very cute, small, loved by grandson who received it for Christmas.
The 14 month old loves  this Cookie Monster
Adorable  Adorable, just as pictured. Very soft. My girls love them.
Awesome build and sound for the money  Bought this for only $225.00 online closeout.  Tremendous good looks and sturdy build...sounds great at low or higher volumes. Great valure for the money..paired up with a set of Energy Take 5 Classics (Chinese Built ones). Need a good amount of break-in before these speakers are broken in.  Once broken in..there's no better sound for the money.  The piano black laquer finish looks great with other black components. Sorry to say they are now discontinued.
Definitely Diva Worthy!  This is one of the softest and cutest little stuffed dogs.  The quality is excellent.  It is listed as a Rottie, but we are Doberman people who keep the ears natural.  My Dobies are devoted to my grandson, as he is to them as well.  This was the closest to our "girls" as I could find.  My grandson sleeps with his "Diva" every night -- having named her after his real Diva at Nana's house.  If you are looking for a wonderful replica of either a Rottweiler or Doberman puppy, this is definitely the one to pick!
... the battery's die so so so fast but kids love it.  Only s***ty thing about this is the battery's die so so so fast but kids love it.
Great little toy  Small but well made and really cute. My boys love them. I will probably be buying another one soon for my daughter.
Very nice
So adorable!  Purchased for my darling granddaughter's birthday. She had mentioned during a visit that she "Loves Pugs", yet her mom wouldn't let her have a "real" one.  I asked her if a plush Pug that she could take to bed and cuddle would be okay, and she said "Sure!"  So this is the adorable little toy that was sent to her in her birthday package.  She was over the moon!  The detailing in the workmanship of this plush Pug are just amazing. It is very reasonable priced, and I believe it will hold up to lots of cuddling.
Great for younger girl  Holds up well.  Great princess doll for younger child who is not able to change clothing, etc. on a doll.
Great Quality  Very authentic and high quality!  Definitely doesn't feel cheap and it's beautifully crafted!  I would recommend this to any Mario fan
LOVE this toy  LOVE this toy! Just how I imagined it would feel and look like. Ordered two as gifts and want to order another one.
Adorable and good quality!
High quality!  I thought this was going to one of those gambles where it was going to be counterfeit or a highly skilled counterfeit (but with still noticeable defects on appearance). This appears to be genuine, a real Japanese product (though made in China) with clear Dick Bruna tags , which seem to me a good barometer for authenticity! The quality in craftmanship is bar and I have noticed no defect in stitching or any manufacturing defect. Top quality!
This Goomba always gives me a laugh
I Heart Guts  I have become accustomed to 'offbeat' requests for Christmas gifts from friends and family; however, the request for a Gigantic Gall Bladder Plush would have to be the absolute 'topper' of the list.  A present opened on Christmas morning to [literally] squeals of delight from my daughter.  While not a 'replacement' for the one with which she was born [and subsequently had to have removed], it seems to be something she enjoys having [kids, eh?].  Ordering was easy, cost was moderate and delivery was as promised.  If you need to replace any of your 'guts' [for whatever reason], you will do well to remember I Heart Guts.
 Love it!
and it was a great "end of the year" gift for my students  I am an elementary school teacher, and it was a great "end of the year" gift for my students.
Cute and well made.
Authentic Product  This is an adorable, authentic Cottonee Pok Doll from Pokmon Center Japan. No problems whatsoever, would recommend for collectors.
Gorgeous  Shun knives are so beautiful and cut better than any knives I've ever had.  The Alton's Angles are a good design.
Nephew loved this product
It's super cute! As others have mentioned it is a bit small but I could easily fit several folded bills and several coins in it. If you were to use this as your actual money pouch while cosplaying (or wherever) you should be able to hold enough as you bring more than single dollar bills. If you really wanted it any bigger than you can cut it open and remove some of the stuffing.  Other than the size it's perfect! Cute, decently made, and reminds me of the anime!
Grandson's favorite stuffed toy - he won't let go of him.
Adorable!
so cute!  Makes a perfect gift for AC fans, like my younger sister. She was super happy to receive this for Christmas!
Fun Times  This toy keeps my 3.5  year old and 1.5 year old entertained for at least 30min! Lots of giggles coming out of those two.
kids love it great value also
Love it.
My kids loved these!!
Fast delivery and free shipping!  Very nice stuffed toy. My daughter loved it
So Adorable  aaahhhhh....So Adorable...Yup, I got these for Me...I am an Old Kid, Love Toys
Cuter than expected. Didn't buy as a toy, so can't tell how much abuse it can take. Very lifelike.
Cuteness!!!  So adorable!
Tortoise  plush  It is Great,!
Doesn't exactly look like the girl in the movie but all the sayings is so worth it. My daughter doesn't know the difference of the face anyways. I loved that it came with extra clothes and shoes.
So cute;)
Beautiful Plush Fox  Grown daughter loved it. Said it is GREAT. Wildlife Artists make quality products.
Love Chewbacca!  Very pleased with quality, packaging, and delivery of item.  He is adorable and extremely soft and plush to the touch.  Delighted to give to my nephew & is the perfect addition to his Star Wars themed room!
Perfect for our centerpieces for one year old birthday party  I purchased these for my son's one year birthday party.  Cookie monster was inside the cookie jar while the cookies were on the outside of the cookie jar.  They are small, but just the right size for my cookie cars.  My son now plays with them and they are the perfect size for him to carry around as he learns to walk.
Perfect Pooh!  Perfect Pooh for my granddaughter! Soft and colorful.
Excellent.  Bought to go with a cat stuffed animal and the Otis & Milo video. Excellent.
Love it  Great deal!
Love him.  Was as described.  Love him..
like the other 10 we have  the kids love the Disney plush dolls- can't leave home or sleep without them.  They especially love how fast disney has the new dolls for the new movies.
My kids love it, fun to play with  Great product
adorable.  cute, cute, cute!!!
My son loves Mikey. Looks great too.  My son loves Mikey. Looks great too.
it is the cutest thing ever i would by it again the price is worth it and i could not be more happy
Like pokemon plush  Good condition
This brought back such great memories of the movie  This brought back such great memories of the movie. We loved it and could not stop smiling and laughing.
Cutie for my collection  These sheep are so darn cute!!
Tiny cute little guy.. my niece loves him.
Santa's Secret Elf  Needed this little guy very quickly to replace one (Rufus) lost on a shopping trip.  Came over night.  Grandson thought the elf patrol had found him and gave him a clean new suit and brought him back home.  Thanks so much.
kids love this at nap and bedtime
Best toy I've seen in a long time!  What a great toy! Bought this for my 1 year old grandson who is obsessed with the buckles on his stroller, highchair, car seat - you name it, he's fiddling with it. Nicely made, seems quite sturdy, I'm confident that it will last a long time. If he ever gets tired of the buckles, he can cuddle with it!
5 Star Snowman  The Grandkids loved it.  They carried it everywhere they went for the holidays.  I bought them several of the TY Christmas babies.
got the whole collection too!  my grand-daughter loved him!
Love These Guys!  great quality took a little time because it came from overseas. But I highly recommend these little stuff pushes if you are a Mario collector.
Good seller and good product  Was as described. Shipped quick and packed well.  My son loves it
Great for Stitch fans!!  Great present for my friend!
I Loved my Hello Kitty Plush Doll! It was a large size and so soft. Very satisfied.
Very cute small stuffed plush  I ordered these to hand out as party favors for my son's Star Wars birthday party.  I thought they would be a much bigger hit than a bag full of candy and junky goodie bag fillers that normally get thrown away after a couple of days.  The kids all loved them and were so excited when they left and they each got to choose one.  The material is soft and the size is perfect for their little hands to carry around.  My son also got to keep one and he sleeps with it every night.  They were a big hit.
Very soft and plush.  This doll is so very cute! It is truly plush and soft to touch. My daughter loves Princess Rosalina with her blue dress and silver crown. She also has a silver pair of shoes (photo attached). A very nice toy for kids who are fans of Mario cartoons.
pretty unicorn, granddaughter loved  well made, pretty unicorn, granddaughter loved it
My grandson loved this ball
Super cute!  It's so hard to find a Tinker Bell plushie that doesn't look ugly, and this one definitely doesn't.  Super cute!
Wonderful! Well made for the little ones! Recommend!
Hit Christmas Toy  I bought this toy for my infant for Christmas, to grow into, but my 2 year old has taken it and loves it. It keeps her busy for a while and she loves snuggling with it. My first one was defective with a broken buckle and the company sent out a next one that I received within 2 days. Great customer service
Good quality. It is small  Cute little stuffed animal.  Good quality.  It is small, though.
My Grandson Loved It  A wonderful stuffed animal friend for a great little guy!
Who doesn't love Chewbacca?!  Really!  This is the cutest, most fun backpack ever!  I'm 46 years old - and I can't get over how much attention and happiness it brings whenever I am out with Chewy. = )
Our Grandson LOVES IT!
Birthday present  My Grandson continues his collection of Mario Plushes.  I ordered Goomba for his 8th birthday. I am going to check for a case for his collection.
Very adorable
even beeps which was unexpected but adorable.  Very cute plush toy, even beeps which was unexpected but adorable.
My daughters favorite doll  The velvety hair is so soft! My daughters favorite doll now
angry birds ftw!  i actually never played the starwars version of angry birds however! you can never go wrong with chewbacca! and it was great that they had this little plush. it's adorable.
Huggable and cuddly Beast  Beauty and the Beast is my favorite and my granddaughter loves it to.  This Beast is well made and I believe he will hold up very well.  My granddaughter loves him and he is cuddly soft so she sleeps with him every night!
Excellent purchase. Granddaughter very happy.
Finally found my favorite Pokemon!  Gulpins have always been my favorite Pokemon but I'm definitely the only one, so it's super hard to find any merch for them but this is the exception. It's a little smaller then I was expecting (about 4 inches tall) but it's quite well made and is super soft. If you need a stuffed Gulpin (and trust me, you do), then you better snatch one up while you can. I'm pretty sure they aren't making anymore at the moment.
6 yr. old loved it as her only "requested" gift  Ordered as a Christmas gift for out niece (it was the only thing she asked for) It was perfect!!
great buy
Great baby Gift  I would say its rare you can have enough of these. Both my kids have slept a variation one of these from about 6 months to 5 years and counting. The trick is you have no idea what one your kid is going to take to, this horse one was the winner for my second. BTW when your kid figures our which one they like, buy 3.
My girl friends like it so much
Just what we wanted  My daughter wanted a mommy Kangaroo with a baby in it's pouch for her 4th birthday. I was surprised to find the quality of this to be so good, my daughter felt it was exactly what she wanted.
Great product  Everything it was described to be
Cute and Great for Multiple Purposes  These are very cute, and I am considering buying another one.  Originally, I had bought these while I was still dating my ex. My son wanted a kangaroo, and I thought of a creative idea to do for my ex too.  We were in a long distance relationship, so I cut the joey out of the pouch and gave it to my son. I then sprayed the kangaroo down with my perfume, and a little extra in the pouch to keep the scent in longer, then packed it up and shipped it to my boyfriend at the time. He loved it because it had my scent, and thought it was an awesome idea.  Now my son wants a bigger kangaroo, so I want to get another one and let him have both joeys.  I would definitely recommend them.
Looks great and is made of quality construction.  I love this little guy!  Looks great and is made of quality construction.  I love this little guy!
My son loves these plush characters. They are well made!
Nice
cutest little thing!!!  Got it for my daughter because she thinks picachu is the cutest pokemon, and she loved it so much. Anx it came earlier than suspected. By far the cutest picachu stuff ed animal j saw especially for the price. Good quality and looks just like the character from the show.
Super Quality! Simply the Best!  Super Quality!  Please don't collect it to sit in a box. Let you child hold it, use it and love it!
very cute
My niece loved her, this was direct shipped to her.
Good  Great
Great product
I love it!
Son loves it  Bought this for my 5 year old who adores Buzz Lightyear. It was his Valentine present. Didn't want to get him candy and he'd been asking for a new blanket so when I saw this had a pillow wiht it, snatched it up. Great price and he loves both the pillow and blanket. Great price too.
All around amazing  I'm not into the 'traditional' cartoon characters floating around my house. I'm also not a fan of the pastels at all so, when I stumbled across these dolls in a nursery decorating magazine, I knew they were exactly what I was looking for to give to my son. I was not at all disappointed when my first one arrived, Big Toe. He is now my Son's best friend and I've already bought a backup and am contemplating buying a 2nd and 3rd replacement just in case. The construction is simple yet, perfect for my then 5 month old son. No button eyes or hard pieces to choke on. No zippers to get cut on. Then I read the origin of these dolls and just fell in love with them. My son has 3 different ones so far (Batty & Blue Ox...good for thumbsuckers who like to hold onto a toy).  I will say that the instructions read that only the outside is washable and to only wipe them off however, that is not feasible for me as my son sleeps and drools on his. Therefore before I bought anymore or let my son get attached, I threw Big Toe in the washer in a lingerie bag on cold/ cold gentle cycle to test it out. He's a bit puffy on the inside now but, no tears and a clean, fresh smelling Big Toe. I'm sure this will probably shorten the toy's lifespan although, how long would you want a smelly stuffed animal around anyway?  Overall, I love the history and philosophy of these dolls. I love the craftsmanship as they're all hand sewn. I love the unique colors and, best of all my son loves his ugly dolls most.
Really cool little Yoshi. Perfect size for a toddler to carry around as it's not too bulky :)
GO JOB ELMO  OUTSTANDING. WE'VE BEEN INTRODUCING THE POTTY ROUTINE TO MY 19 MONTH OLD GRANDSON, SO I BOUGHT THIS TOY FOR INTERACT AND TO DEMONSTRATE HOW TO USE HIS FLUSH TIME POTTY.  HE LOVES THIS DOLL AND TAKES HIM EVERYWHERE.  HE ENJOYS POTTY TRAINING ELMO. SO WHEN HE RECEIVED HIS FLUSH POTTY, HE INSTINCTIVE WENT TO POTTY AT THE APPROPRIATE TIME.  HIS MOM IS INTRODUCING TO PULL UPS BECAUSE HE WANTS TO TAKE OFF THE DIAPER TO POTTY.
Great toy!  This is a hysterical and fun toy. Bought it for my 3 year old niece and she danced and marched around with this horse on a leash all afternoon. May be annoying for the parents but the toddler LOVED it!
Super cute!  I got Yoshi as a Christmas present for my nephew (as requested) and he absolutely loved it the moment he opened his package.  Yoshi is soft, snuggly and well made.  I'm glad I was able to order through Amazon because I had no idea where to look for the little guy.  It was a good purchase!
Adorable Riolu~  I've been eyeing this Riolu pokedoll for a while and I love it. <3 It's super soft and super cute, and I love the Japanese hang tag! The art is so cute~~ <3  This IS a legit Riolu pokedoll if bought from the amazon.com seller. I believe that Toys and Games Outlet is also a reputable seller as well. A great plush for any collector or casual fan! c:
super fast  Super cute plush toy my girlfriend loves it, I would definitely get more, more or something to look at not to play with
AWESOME TOYS!!!  I LOVE THE TOMAGOTCHI V4!!!  ALTHOUGH I AM 23 WHICH IS SAD, THIS TOY IS GREAT TO PLAY WITH. I WOULD RECOMEND THIS TOY TO EVERYONE!
My kid loves it!!
huge fish my son will flip out of happiness:)
Daughter loves it. Exactly as pictured.
Just loved it was the perfect gift for new grandson
Family fun.  We purchased the Hot Potato Plush Chicken Dance for our 3 year old granddaughter. Our 7 year old granddaughter already had one and the 3 year old loves it. Not only is it lots of family fun, it also helps to teach hand/eye coordination.
Good Value.  Good value.
Product correct everything in appearance and functionality  Product correct everything in appearance and functionality The product fulfilled my expectations, good seller serious! So I recommend to buy their products I give a good rate in terms of reliability and service
Great Little Toys  I bought 2 of these as a backup for my little guy.  He LOVES  Elmo and I almost lost his original one so I had to get a backup.  These are pretty well made and are still in tact after my little guy has done just about everything to them.  They are easily washable (I put mine into a pillow case during cleaning).  All 3 that I have all look exactly the same, there aren't any crazy eyes or weird facial  expressions that you sometimes get.
Cutest wolf ever!  This is the cutest wolf plush I have ever seen and it's bigger than I  expected, very realistic, and at a good price.  Very happy with this purchase!  Shipping was also fast it came a day before than expected.
Big and Plush  This is so adorable and I like the bigger size, very substantial. Our nephew has limited vision and the light-up nose is his favorite.
SO SOFT.  This looks and feels absolutely fantastic. My son slepps with this every night, and loves it. I'm not really into the game, but I did notice when he showed me a picture of the plush in the game, It had an eyepatch. This plush does not.
She loved it!  Birthday present for my granddaughter.  Arrived on time with no issues and was exactly as described and pictured.  She loved it!
Grand daughter loved it.
My daughter was so excited when she opened her gift and saw this plush of mega man
Its awesome  Its awesome!! Feels great and its huge my son loves it!! Its soft and cuddling!! Its worth its price!! Great
Very nice.  It's soft, cute and cuddley. Very nice.
Plushy  Bought this for my nine year old, durable!
bought for a gift. My friend loves it, it's just as described!
Love it!  Donald is cute and very soft. I sleep and cuddle with him every night, haha. So glad I bought it!
Worth it  Arrived quickly and accurate to the description of item. From Japanese Pokmon center line, super soft. Would recommend. Thanks
Get it  Awesome recommend this came in early looks awesome
my girlfriend loved it!  Very cute, my girlfriend loved it!
The Toilet Claimed Our Old One  This clown fish was bought to replace the one my young son put in the toilet as his daddy was using it. My daughter's heart was broken when I said we had to throw it away. Never fear because Amazon to the rescue. She has been very pleased with the replacement and they have become great friends.
Very happy with this - they are just like the ones  sold in stores.
Great!
Happy Moogle  Adorable and seems pretty well-made.
So soft and cute!
Everything Ok
Christmas  Great Christmas gift. Very cute.
NICO LOVES THIS!
Pickles  We love our Elf pickles
Just like from the World of Nintendo store in NYC!
Absolutely LOVE it !!! Definitely would recommend getting this!!
This toy is perfect and keeps her entertained  My daughter who is 11 months is obsessed with buckles.  Carseats, strollers, highchairs you name it.  This toy is perfect and keeps her entertained.  It is the perfect size for in the car or in her togo bag. The colors are bright and fun.  She can not open them yet on her own but tries to and sometimes manages to clip them together.  There is a zipper pouch which is great.  I change what toy I stash inside from time to time to keep it fresh. She likes to find the toy when she gets the zipper open.  Good quality.
Soo adorable and cute. the doll is alil small and takes about a week for shipping to ur house.
Got it for "May the fourth be with you" day for my infant. Sewn in "eye" is perfect, he loves the sounds and chewing on the antennae.
Fun for Mario fans  This is an adorable plush. Its a little smaller than I envisioned, but its soft and has nice colors. It looks just like Marios cat costume from Mario 3D World. It was a great addition to our Mario plush collection.
adorable!  A gift for our niece's new baby. She lives 3,000 miles away so I had it sent right to their house, I didn't see it in person. We got a very nice thank you for incredibly cute Pooh Bear and it's good quality. The newborns older sister was liking it so much she was going to take care of it until her sister is a little older :-)  It was a hit!
pokemon make kids happy !  Kids love them !
Great gift for the P-vs-Z fan  Son loves it.
Cute Pokemon Plush  I chose I love it rating because I really love it. so cute and soft.  What I like about it is the cute face and the material.  I would recommend this to anybody who loves Pokemon.
Awesomeness
Totally creepy, but my 9 year old loves it!  My daughter loves this creepy thing!
Hiccup-  Can't go wrong with this item  My daughter absolutely loved Hiccup to go with Astrid which I got her for her birthday.  Great doll, true to the movie.
My son loves this plush!
Seriously adorable, and recieved in 10 days!  These are awesome, very well made, vibrant colors, and actually bigger than I thought they would be. The mom and dad pig are easily a foot tall.. None of them had hooks on their head.
Nice merhandise Looks great in my bathroom  Thank you  Looks great in my bathroom .  Would recommend this product.  Price was reasonable.  Moen products are my favorite in Thank you
bedtime friend  Baby loves it!
My kids love this plush toy! It is pricey because it is Minecraft, but well loved at my house!
Loved it!
Almost real  Adorable and sweet.
Daughter loves it sue smiles I'm happy
Love it!  My daughter is a huge fan of Spirited Away and LOVED this! Great price! The material is soft and the face is so cute. She instantly loved it. It arrived super fast too. I couldn't be more pleased- highly recommend!
winnie the Pooh  This was one of the best purchases ever made.  I bought two of these for my 18 month old twins, and at 2.5 years old they still cling to them every night.  The toys are very durable.  They have been dragged all over the place and washed several times.  The size is perfect for a small child to cuddle with.  This is a wonderful product.
Very cute and life like
Adorable Elves  Exactly as pictured.  These are great and you get two for a reasonable price. Perfect size for what I needed them for.  You won't be disappointed. Craftsmanship is good too.
Toddler's lovey  Our toddler is obsessed with this Elmo. It goes everywhere with us and has held up really well. We have no issues with the fur coming out like others have mentioned, even through multiple machine washings. We did received a Gund product, not the counterfeit some got. We ordered a second in case the first ever goes missing - that's how much our toddler loves it.
Best 6th gen starter  Great product and it came as described. The quality and detail was great. I fully recommend this product for all pokemon fans!
Grandbabies love them... still loving them at 4 years old
Beautiful and well made. Its behind is pink and blue.
Best plush ever!  Ice Bate is adorable. I love the color and how soft it is. It's derpy face and cute little wings won me over when I got it. The tag that came with it is very funny and witty as well.
Klipsch RF 83 = Simply The Best!  Absolutely impressed hands down!  Fantastic speakers that should last a lifetime.  I bought the RF 83's, RC 64 (center speaker), Klipsch THX (120) Subwoofers x 2 + the Klipsch amp 1000 associated with the subs, and the two Klipsch KS 525 THX surround speakers, and let me tell you!  Home theatre is now so awesome I can hardly believe it!  I'm now a lifetime fan of Klipsch!  High quality, awesome sound, and they look great too!
So cute  My daughter is very happy!! Perfect size and already using for school
Happy kiddos!  Exactly what we expected. Our daughter loved it and our son wants one now...
Speedy delivery. very high quality product.
Cuddles from Dory  Soft, cute and a great gift for a child who is into the Nemo movie.
SO CUTE
Very cute!  Very cute!
Very nice items, fast shipping, great transaction. Thanks!
Elf on a Shel rocks  "Michael" was a great addition to our house this year. It was great to watch my kiddos' excitement.
So soft and cute perfect for backpack
Thanks!
Squishy and Adorable  Squishy and Adorable. The girlfriend loves it. Happy Day.
My Daughter's Fav  The plush doll is made well. I checked it thoroughly to ensure there were no dangling threads or anything else that can potentially harm my toddler and even after a few weeks of daily use, it is still holding up well.
fast service great item
Great addition to the plush collection  My daughter was very happy with the look and quality of her gift. Silver is the latest in her Sonic the Hedgehog collection and we were both very happy!
Great size! Daughter is in love.
Great Find  My one year old granddaughter loves Yo Gabba and was difficult to find these items in the store.  I was hit Christmas day when she opened the box to fine DJ Lance and all the others
Super cute, shipped fast!
Great gift for price.
Pooh Bear  Wonderful Bear and in great condition. A good toy for any lover of the Pooh Bear stories and make a amazing gift.
My son wanted this stuffed animal and now takes it with him everywhere he absolutely loves it
Sooooooo cute!  This was the best thing I have ever ordered of of Amazon. So cute and perfect size for my other plush Mario characters. The price was totally worth it. It's awesome!
Great choice.  Pleased with the quality of the plush toy as well as the timely delivery. It's very soft.
awesome
A favorite toy!  Love, love, love Buckle Whale! It's my 18-month-old's favorite toy. All of those buckles are just irresistible to a curious tot working on fine motor skills.
my precious
Kid loved it. Official is the way to go.
5 stars  Really nice for the price! Came a day early.
Absolutely worth it!
great gift
This is a great toy it keeps my little guy busy for at least 20-30 minutes he has learned how to buckle all the belts, he hasn't learned how to undo all of them yet. He really enjoys this toy.
kids love it!!!  My 20 month old daughter LOVES this toy and it was shipped super quick:)  highly recommend item and seller!  I've even caught my older child playing with it.
Great
My Great Grandson loved this, he is in the potty training stage. Thanks
Love it!
Cute- my niece loves this little guy
Very good!  We've had this a few months.  It is holding up well.
Granddaughters loved it.
Worth it!  Cute and great quality
I was relieved when I received it to see that it was sturdy and durable  Bought this for my puppy. I was relieved when I received it to see that it was sturdy and durable. My puppy loves it and has had it for two weeks without damaging it. (She does have a soft mouth, though.)
My toddler loved it.  My now 2 year old daughter got this doll for her birthday and it is now her best friend. It sings well, it is soft, and it is the right size for her to tote around everywhere we go.
better than i expected  better than i expected. my kid quickly removed the charizard coat and its an actual coat, with ear holes and double layering inside. i half expected pikachu to have no ears or tail because the coat covers it. good quality for the price, took forever to get here. some products say 2 months but show up after 3 weeks... this one really does take 2 months and a little extra in my case.
Very cute.  Great for our Elmo fan and educational to boot!
ZOMG! It's so cute!!  God it's adorable and nice sized too! I love it! It's a gift for my friend, but I seriously want to keep this little Akamaru! It came in perfect condition, wrapped in plastic too.
Like it. Looks just like the picture  Like it.  Looks just like the picture!
Plush M&M as described.
So soft and a great addition to his collection.
Grandson's favorite take-along toy  I bought this for my 16 month old grandson who adores Sesame Street and Elmo in particular.  The plush toy is 12 inches long and cuddly soft, making it a perfect toy for a little one to hug and hold.  The eyes are secure, with no danger of being pulled off and swallowed.  Toy is well made with no loose seams.  Shipment was fast as well.
good buy  cute. well constructed. Kid is very happy with it
My 6 year old daughter loves it!  My 6 year old daughter loves it!
Was a gift.
Maybe the best Lucario plush on Amazon  I thought the price tag was a little steep, but I just had to have a larger plush of my favorite Pokmon, since all I had prior was one of the chibi 6-7" inch ones. It's very well put together, looks nice, and seems reasonably durable, so it'd probably make for a good gift for any little Pokmon trainers in your life. Would recommend.
Grandson loved it for his backpack
Good size  Best nemo ever
very soft and huggable,was very pleased at the quality of this elmo considering the low cost! GREAT buy!
... one of the children in my daycare and she loved it. It arrived on time  I bought this as a Christmas present for one of the children in my daycare and she loved it. It arrived on time!
Perfect!  So cute! Perfect!
nephew love it
Elmo lovers will love this  So adorable! My granddaughter loves it.  He says a lot!
Terrific Elmo!  My twin one-year old nieces love Elmo and this was a hit as a Christmas gift! He's soft and floppy and wonderful. They went for his big eyes immediately!
So ugly its cute.  When it was in the packaging it was just a fur ball thing, after I took it out and moved the hair it was so ugly I loved it. Not the cutest toy but Is perfect to go in the collection.
great product  This is a great toy for newborn. The music and light is perfect for a night time routine.
Was a great hit for a gift.
Super cute.
Olaf is wonderful! My 2 yr old granddaughter loves him!
Most darling dragon!  My 8 year old is into dragons lately. I bought this little one and put it in his stocking. He loves him! It's a very beautiful stuffed toy. The Douglass company makes wonderful, quality toys. Recently my son used some gift money and purchased a larger dragon from the same company. They are such good quality that I plan on tucking these away some day to pass down.
Adorable Stuffed Dinosaur Toy  Disclaimer: I provide reviews of products that I receive for free or at discounted rates.  The Niuniu Daddy 11.8" Plush Toy Baby Dinosaur Stuffed Animal Toy is a soft microfiber plush toy designed for babies to play with. The fabric it's made of is quite soft and is sewn together with double-threaded polyester stitching on the seams, which should provide for a lengthy  lifespan with even the most rambunctious of toddlers.  The eyes and mouth are embroidered stitching instead of plastic beads, which should prevent any possible choking hazards and the only tag on the toy itself is a polyester branding tag. Unfortunately, no tag exists that shows the actual composition of the toy, so I can't say for certain what the cotton/polyester blend of the fabrics are, nor can I tell you if it is machine washable or, if it were, how to wash it.  The toy itself, while advertised as 11.8" was actually only 8" tall when standing, and 11.4" in length (from the tip of the nose to the end of the tail). While not exactly what I would call a showstopping issue, it is a little disappointing to not have the product arrive exactly as advertised.  The stuffing is packed in fairly tight, which makes for a rather hard stuffed animal, but I imagine it will eventually soften over time and become more pliable with use. Initially however, it is a little harder than I would generally tend to associate with a stuffed animal.  All in all, it seems to be a quality manufactured product albeit a little on the pricy side at $12.99, for what you're getting.
Beautiful!!! and great price!!!
i just love it! great both for kids and adults!)
Hello Kitty says War Eagle!  My 6 year old says that she loves it. It's kinda small, but very cute.
Adorable! the antennas are wire and you can bend them it's awesome!
Great!  Very satisfied! Sorry for my late reply. Smooth transaction!
Cute!!
Faster delivery than expected!  Came faster than expected delivery. Exactly what my son wanted.
The quality is excellent. I would definitely purchase this item again  This is a genuine Minecraft plush and exactly what you see in stores, but less $$$, The quality is excellent. I would definitely purchase this item again. I would definitely purchase from this seller again.
Quite nice  Very soft and so cute.
Excellent
Very nice replica.  Very close to the real phoenix of the movie and very soft. It can stand but I would recommend if you keep it in a elevated place to leave the tail hanging.
Great size for the car seat  My 9-month old daughter has both this giraffe "lovie" (NOT a blanket) and the larger giraffe blanket animal. We use this one when she is in her car seat and the larger one at night. She uses both to self soothe, so that has been fantastic. There isn't stuffing in this particular buddy. This makes it much easier for little hands to grasp it and cuddle. It is super soft and has been washed several times and is still like new. I'm adding at least one more of each to the shopping cart since she's becoming attached to these toys...
Good size and quality for the price  My little ones love it. Good size and quality for the price.
Awesome. Loved the hand written note from the seller  Awesome.  Loved the hand written note from the seller.
He's so cute why would you NOT WANT THIS PLUSHIE???  The best and first Anime plushie I've ever had!! I had this guy for almost a year and he's just so beautiful to look at!! I love everything about this one!! As described in the photo and NO SURPRISES XD! But is my favorite character from Death Note! What's not to love about him HES PERFECT!! love this plushie even after one year!! He still looks perfect!!
Very happy with collection  My little great niece loved this set.  She is three years old and loved combing the horses hair.  I included a My Little Pony movie with the collection to help introduce these beautiful friends to her.  With all the battery, electronic toys it is nice to find a toy that becomes a part of the childs imagination.  I was also very pleased with the size of the ponies.  Perfect for little hands.
Perfect Size and  Just as describe, Perfect Size and quality
its adorable <3
I bought this for my Godson and he loved it.
Daughter loves her Harley collectable! Fast delivery
Nice  A little smaller than i thought.  Nice though
Well made beautiful plush doll  Beautiful and well made, she's good size as well. I can't wait to give Tinkerbell to my daughter this Christmas!
Just like the ones in the disney store and matching in price. These are so cute!
A great toy for any age shark lover!  It is great! The color and quality are really nice. It is a good size and realistic looking. A nice toy for any age.
These plush animals are great.  My 3 year old loves to play with them and they are small enough that she can carry them all around in her backpack when we travel.
Perfect  This was an easy decision. Basically 2 for the price of one. Both are well made and my 5yr old son loves them. Seem well made and we have no complaints!
Arrived as expected for color, quality, and size!
Bigger than I was expecting, it is about 9 inches tall.
Thiswas a great find. I could not find these in the stores. My granddaughter loved these
High quality  This is an excellent quality stuffed animal. It is super soft and huggable which is exactly what my 4 yr old loves to do with his little Elmo.
Fabulous!  This Jiminy is just what I was looking for. My almost 2 year old daughter loves 'cricket' and despite searching all over eurodisney and UK websites I could find nothing as good as this one. In the end had this shipped to a friend in the states and she sent onto me here in England. It's a good size, adorable and the great quality I have always experienced with Disney soft toys. My little girl won't be receiving it until her birthday in a couple of weeks but I know she'll love it.
100% LOVE IT!  I bought this for my boyfriend and he just loves it! This No Face looks just like the one in Spirited Away. This is a very nicely made plush that is unique.
My 5 yr old grandson watches Rabbids on tv and loves these characters.  He loves this plush.
My granddaughters love it.
Happy little boy!  Bought this gloworm for our son, he sleeps with it every night.  I love the light and music, and it will automatically shut off.
Beautiful doll in terrible packaging!  Aurora is beautiful and so much cuter in person, I was positively giddy when she arrived and I had a good look at her. Then... I tried to open the box. Anyone who's had any of these dolls know how much tape, wire, and string they use to keep everything in it's place and honestly it's more harmful than anything else. I nearly ruined her curls trying to remove the bands from her hair.
Strawberry Shortcake doll hit the mark!  This doll was exactly the way it appeared. I hadn't seen one in person in years, but this was just what it looked like.
... comfort for a 3 year old boy whom I love after his father passed suddenly  I bought these as items of comfort for a 3 year old boy whom I love after his father passed suddenly. These have been his go-to comfort. He's been carrying them around everywhere (all four of them) since he got them. They're apparently great and they've brought something helpful to a sweet little boy.
Great price. Great product. Fast shipping. Excellent service.  Thanks
doll  my grand daughter loves Flynn and even her brther plays dolls with her now that she has a boy doll.
Im not sure why everyone else seemed to be having a problem with these, I've only used them on paper, but they stick well and got the job done! I love villains 
Loved it  Love it
good  this one is the real deal.  good quality
My toddler loves it  Rare find and works great!  My toddler loves Barney who is not on TV anymore, so it is hard to find Barney toys.  He's had it for about two months now and it still works great. It's plush and a good size for him to take along with him when we head out.
Great for the Price  My 2 year old son loves Cookie Monster, and this doll is small enough for him to carry around easily.  At first h was afraid Cookie would bite him when he "sings", but he is over that and loves the doll.  The quality is good and it is easy to clean.
Granddaughter is in love with sweet little Minnie.
She loved it
LEVI!!!!!!!!  I love love love love LOVE my Levi plush. He's so cute!!!!!!
Love it
GREAT TOY  MY SON AND MY DAUGHTER LOVE THIS TOY, IT LOOKS SUCH AS THE TABLET GAME, IM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS TOY, I RECOMMEN BUY THIS ITEM, SOUND ARE LIKE THE GAME. THANKS
My baby loved it. It was as big as her
Eeyore cute.  This is part of the growing family from One Hundred Acre Woods.  Very cute. Great quality and shipped on time.
Well made and makes us smile.
this was honestly such a good buy, along with the normal lugia plush of the same size and style they sit next to each other
He is soooo cute
Nice size. Good detail. Great for Foghorn fans.
This bunny is so precious and soft.  I would suggest this for any child who loves Beatrice Potter
Excelente
Kids love it.  Nice size.
Fun Toy  Black Yoshi is a very soft and comfy toy- it's smaller than I thought it would be, but it's well made, and great for any child to play with.
Got the best receiver for $945  Trying to upgrade my 10 year old system. Started with cheap stuff and ended with this top of the line. I first got the Infinity Beta 50, 12" Infinity sub and four Infinity primus for surrounds and a Pioneer 814 receiver rated 100 watt. The sound was pretty stretch to the best. The receiver could hardly make it for the power hungry speaker. So I switched to this HK when Fry's got it on sale. I am so satisfied!!! From low volumn to high volumn there is not a bit of sound quality sacraficed. This is especially good for classical music because many sounds are in the mid range which is usually missing in the tiny speaker plus subwoofer combination (like Bose). I listened to several CDs I had for over 10 years and surprisingly I heard some instruments that I had never heard before. Trust me life is too short to settle on some poor quality sound. At this price, it is a great bargain.
Huge hit for squatch lovers  This was a huge hit.  Very cute and realistic.
Great police bunny!  My grandson says he wants to be a policeman when he grows up so I put this bunny in his Easter basket.  He loves it!  It is well made and adorable!
snuggly!  Great item! Easy to snuggle with in bed and take with in the car. SOO Cute
Boov  Oh boov you make me shake my grove thing. I'm going to skiddadle and run off now buy this guy if your kid likes him
Perfect with the book!  Pete the Cat and His 4 Groovy Buttons is one of my grandsons favorite books. When I bought this puppet he was ecstatic! Great quality and the button is taking a beating and hasn't lost its sturdiness. I highly recommend it!
My son loves his Donald Duck stuffed animal!!! Takes him everywhere!!
Not a bad plushie  This is a pretty cool Yoshi plushie. I found it to be pretty durable, and to look like Yoshi very closely! However, I only have on small issue with its appearance. The shell on its back is oval, so as to look nice and round at the sides. The real Yoshi, if there is such a thing, has a round shell, and its bulkiness makes it look round from the side!
Perfect for quiet time.  Our energetic toddler boy loves his buckle pillow. He matches the colors to the buckles. It keps him nice, focused, and quiet for at least 10 straight minutes LOL.
Gift for my grandchildren and they love it.
Chewie's a hit!  Adorable, small but has great Chewie sound. Gave it to my granddaughter for her 8th birthday and she loved it.
it took about a month for her to get here so that was kinda annoying..  She is sooooo cute! it took about a month for her to get here so that was kinda annoying... But, it was worth it!
cute doll, but big hair  this is a cute and well made doll, but i wanted yarn hair.  i did not realize that it was stuffed .  so i gave it to a friend, who liked it .  the picture was correct, i just saw what i wanted to see.....lesson learned .....still gets top rating for accuracy and delivery.
My nephew loved it!
Nice toy for a 2 years girl! She love it!
Great quality product as described. shipped fast.
perfect for the gift I wanted
This little Dinopals held the quilt and this will be a source of delight for many years  I made a small quilt to match the crib quilt I was making for my coming grandson. It was a huge hit. This little Dinopals held the quilt and this will be a source of delight for many years.
My granddaughter loved it.  Very cute.  My granddaughter loved it.
Excellent Seller.  Thank You!  Our daughter loved it.
asome  I am not sure whether it is offical pokemon plush or not but it is perfect for my charizard collection if this is a coustom plush maker please make a charmeleon you won't be disapointed with your purchase
Love him..
Great stuff Raccoon got for my girlfriend's birthday present  My girlfriend is so in love with her raccoon collection that I will do anything to make her the happiest girlfriend alive.  So each birthday and Christmas I find the best gifts possible out there inculding the lastest stuff raccoons or classic raccoons like this one from a Disney movie Pocahontas.  She might be an adult but still has that kid inside her heart and will keep adding to her collection as time goes by and I will help her collection grow and grow just to see that smile on her face ear to ear.  So if you have a child who likes animals and main one being raccoons then buy this Disney character for them and see the smile on their face as they open up the gift and give you the biggest hug ever for the gift.
This puppy is well loved.  Soft and snuggly weve purchased several times.  This puppy is well loved.
Cute!
THEY WERE A HIT!  Brought this for my baby girl for a gift basket for her slumber party. They were a hit!
My daughter loves this and it helps her fall asleep nightly.
Good transaction  Good seller. Fast delivery. Item is as described. Thank you for your business!!!!! Pleasant to do business with. Recommended. A++++++
Great new toy for all ages  This furby is for my new grandchild. Don't know if it's a boy or girl so I went with pink and blue hearts.  Mama loved it.  First toy in the nursery.
My six year old loves it. Does anything else matter?
You won't regret buying this plush!  I wish I could rate this plush 6 stars. He is too cute and well detailed. He is super soft and a great addition to my collection.
Wonderful gift.
Love it
We've owned this for a year now and it's met with all sorts of dog bodily fluids now (except for blood) and still looks great. Just need to throw it in the washer and it's good as new.
shipping was fast and cute  Got it for my sister who is a fan of final fantasy she was happy with it all though it is smaller than the picture but it came in clean and soft so I was glade about that gave my sister a huge smile on her face thank you very much
PERFECT!!! as I was expecting.
What a JOY!!  I bought the Joy doll to take to work. She sites on my desk and when ever I get stressed I let her talk. she makes everyone laugh. I love her!!!
Cute  Bought for our grandson.  Cute.  It came in it's factory seal package.
Great buy
This toy is so sweet looking.  It is just the right size for my 18 month old to cuddle with.  It plays a quick little tune which is perfect for tucking in at night.
cute
Best Gift of Xmas 2017  Most loved gift of all.
Great plush  Good product
she loved it
Well made
My grandaughter really loved it
good buy  Excellent product and arrive right on time.
It's perfect  I love it so much. It arrived on time great condition and is totally worth it
Good quality. Super cute  Super cute. Good quality. My daughter is obsessed w RED pandas-so anytime we can find a new one. She wants it.
Adorable  My 6 year old grandgirl is a dancer and she loves Hello Kitty!  Could this be more perfect??  Makes a wonderful gift.
Perfect graduation gift :)  This was the perfect graduation gift :) You will never be disappointed with a Disney product.
great product!  fast shipping. great product!
Great quality plush for Mario fans!  As a longtime Mario fan, I am very satisfied with this plush! This makes a great collectors item for Mario fans everywhere!
Great!  My daughter had pick this out to spend her birthday money, we Received what was pictured and was deliveried right on time :)
MINE! Nobody shall touch my Kenny!  I'm a big Kingdom Hearts nut, as soon as i saw this plush i told myself i must have it! I ordered it along with a few other items from Anime Santa and i was really pleased with the very fast shipping (Even though i payed for the more faster shipping because well i was desperate) and the quality of the plush. It arrived just today when i only ordered it about 2 days ago, i was very happy when i opened the box and pulled Kenny out (Yes its name is Kenny don't ask why) I swear he's probably going to be going everywhere with me.
Smiling Zorua!  Absolutely soft and adorable! I ordered this Zorua plush through Toys and Games Outlet, and it arrived well packaged with original tags. It's extremely well made,; soft to the touch. It can fit in the palm of your hand, but the measurements in the description are accurate.  Overall, I am extremely satisfied and I have ordered more Takaratomy plushes as a result.
My granddaughter loved him
Very funny!  I got this toy for my zombie crazed little sister (16 turning 17) as a birthday present and I think it is absolutly wonderful. My sister's birthday hasn't passed yet but I got to mess around with it and I already know she's going to love it. The shipping was really fast, I ordered it on a Wednesday and got it on Friday. I think it's really funny, when you hold the mouth of the zombie to something it make's little munching noises, then when you take it away it burps or groans. The toy itself is much larger than I had thought, it's head is about the size of mine haha. The battery pack is, obviously, in the back of the head, and that is the one problem I have with it. I wanted to put the batteries in, and I did, it just took a really long time because the screws on the pack are very small and it took me forever to hunt down a wedge that would fit without stripping the screw. If you have a zombie lover, of any age, in your life, I think this is a perfect gift.
They need to produce more players, more sports and different eras!
Great for a super fan, but kind of small  My little girl love this plush!  I just wish Disney made a bigger one.
Super soft  So sweet, this little stuffed dog was given to our newborn friend :).  Very, very soft.
GREAT!  just as shown. GREAT!
Just buy it !  My daughter loves playing with this buckle toy it's become one of her favorites. She is a very curious 15 month old.
grandkids happy
Perfectly Dispicable :)  Perfect
Daughter loves it!  Don't be cheap and get the generic pooh bear LOL!  My 1 yr old fell in love with pooh bear in line for santa pictures.  I ordered her this one for a X-mas stocking stuffer.  She loves it!  Very plush, and soft. She cuddles it all the time.  $20 well spent.   If you look closely the generic ones simply look like a bear with a "Pooh" shirt on lol.
It is what is what it is
Great item  My son loved this!!!!!!
very cute very nice quality I would definately recomment  very cute  very nice quality  I would definately recomment it
Very nice. My girl friend lives it.
Tinkerbell  The product came as described and on time. What else could I ask for? The system requires me to type 20 non-repeated words, hence this sentence.
The perfect gift for a manatee-besotted child  I have a grandson who is totally into marine mammals. His latest crush is manatees, and his mom's wish was to find him one. Well, this is it, and he adores it. Soft, cuddly for sleeping with, and washable What's not to love?
Beautifully made, great quality.
Got this for my son he loved it thank you  Got this for my son he loved it thank you
Perfect gift for a 1 yo
Child's play!  My 7 year old son is a Tot Fanatic! He was happy and in love with this plush! Will definitely buy again form seller!
nice Mario  My son really love this.  He is a Mario and Luigi fanatic.
Very good plush but theres no sword but still looks nice thaks
Very Cute!  My grandbaby love them!!!
Perfect for kids!  Great gifts for kids at Christmas!
So Adorable!  These items are hard to find. Everyone has asked me where I saw them.  For any Peppa Pig lover, it is a must have. My 3 year old daughter thought it was Christmas all over again when they arrived!  It did not come before Christmas, BUT I knew it wouldn't. It came well before the estimated arrival time, only 2 days after Christmas.  My daughter likes to take them everywhere!
great  big, great quality
Lala  AdoLaable and Great Price
good  Very cute, good quality
AMy 6 yr old son had this toy since he was 3, and lost it down a sewer drain this past summer. He was so bummed. I couldn't find this in stores anymore. Ordered for his 6th birthday, and it is the same toy as before, he was so happy! He likes that he can manipulate the soft body and toss it in the air, the legs are weighted a bit by the bean bag and so the toy can do cool flips and spins in the air. We are all happy to see Spidey back!
Soft, cuddly, and great quality!  I purchased this cutie for my three year old and he absolutely adores him! This plush is great quality and super soft. I read a previous review about the ears being squished down on arrival so I opened it up and arranged them upright and then wrapped him back up until Christmas morning. He was perfect! I love this plush just as much as my son does! Great buy!
Now he and his big brother have a bad guy to "stomp out"  I threw this one in along with the Toad plushy I got my little man. Now he and his big brother have a bad guy to "stomp out".
Very nice figure, though it looks disturbingly like a mutated fetus when not being held.
Cute for the Easter basket  Cute and loved it! I bought the movie and this for the Easter basket this year, a better idea than the traditional dime a dozen bunnies and chocolates. Great for the little disney fans.  Wish they still made pongo and perdita
Adorable  It is the cutest little thing alive, definitely worth the money. I thought it was going to be a bit bigger, but overall it's a cute and fine size.
The chef was a delight. He adorns our kitchen proudly.
Awesome  My son is totally into real sea creatures and I bought this for him for Christmas and he loved it. Perfect!!
Persephone  I loved it, super cute and very soft. Very well made.
My son loves Plant's vs Zombies and i was excited to find some stuffed toys at such a reasonable price. They are very well made with good detail. My son plays regularly with them and they have held up well.
Awesome  The 12 inch pokemon plush are the way to go for any collector or for a kid's plush and this one is right there with them all. They are of great quality and very plush! A great buy!
Very nice plushie. I love how soft it is and its just the right size. Definetly suggest it to anyone who loves Flareon. :)
So CUTE!  adorable plush!! and My friend really enjoyed it as his Christmas gift! I plan on buying another for myself it's so cute!!
Great toy.  Our little guy likes to buckle so this made him very happy.
Exactly as described with quick shipping.  Can't go wrong.
It came way early and its exactly how it looks in the picture
Soft and the perfect size for my almost 3 year old.
loved it and surprised amazon had it considering its pretty hard to find =)
great quality  great quality solid product my son loves it
Fast, cute, and soft
My baby love it!  My baby love it!! ( she is 13 months old) and I like the size  of this Elmo I also like the eyes that are soft  (made with fabric)  instead of the hard plastic ones that some Elmos have.
BUY THIS YOU WONT BE SORRY  bought this for my grandson he loves it.its a rattle too i shake it he laughs and grabs if and gums it its soft washable and very well made very very happy with this pony
So cute  This doll is for my friend's daughter. When I saw it, I knew it fit her personality to a t.  The Trendy Girl looks just like the picture. She takes this doll everywhere and so far she is holding up well and wipes off when she spills on her.
it's perfect match with each just like the real roof round  Took a month to received but really worthy it. I also purchased flower pot to match it, it's perfect match with each just like the real roof round!!
my grandson is so happy to have one of his favorite cartoon characters
is great, good  Hi, is great, good stuff
very nice  I bought this item for my child some weeks ago and he love it, it have a very good quality
This is a great product so far.  They are soft and very nice.  My daughter loves them.
Perfect  Considering how much you could spend on one of these, I was thrilled to find this one for the price I did. It arrived on time, was actually a little bigger and better quality than I was expecting for what I paid. My daughter adores it.
Plush Elsa doll  I bought this for my niece for her Birthday and it was a huge hit. She loves it. She had requested a plush doll, and I'm told she plays with it frequently.
Perfect for 2 year old  My 2 year old daughter loves buckles and we thought she would enjoy this buckle toy that she can take along with her and she does! She usually doesn't even like stuffed toys but she hugs this and carries it around and enjoys playing with the buckles and zippers all day! Such a great toy.
My nephew loves it
Great for the Star Wars lover in your life  Got this as a gift for my nephew, he loves it! Gave it as a filler in his Christmas package.
The young girl this was ordered for loved this Minion and was excited that it was shipped directly to her.
Cute doll!!
lovely and cuddly
Soo cute!  so cute! I can't wait to give it to my soon to be born adopted grand baby!
We love 'Ella' She is my granddaughter's best friend  We love 'Ella'  She is my granddaughter's best friend.  she sits on my couch either waiting fro a visit from Mary/Granddaughter or I bring her when I babysit on Mondays.  This just helps pass a long day and gives her something to look forward too! Best decision!
Four year old granddaughter loves her sloth:). She has wated every nature show and her sloths and sea otters are her favorites!
great for an Elmo fan  My 18 month old daughter loves Elmo, so we got this for her for Christmas. She loves it. It's a little big for her and hard for her to carry, but he sleeps in her crib at night and she loves to hug him.  His arms are kind of weird, but my daughter doesn't mind. I like the toy and feel lik it was worth the money.
Great toy!  My daughter loves this plush!
Nice collection for your child to enjoy!  bought this for my daughter's 7th birthday.  Nicely made (with the minor nitpick of the goggles having weird seams from when the material settled/cooled).  Preferred that the tags were easier to remove but my daughter loves them!
So real!!!  He is so darling and so cute!!! A bit small. But he looks sooo realistic.  I love him!
my nana loved it
Love it, want the rest!  I love my adorable little Vaporeon. Are all the Eevee-lutons for sale? Because I'm dying for the rest of the set <3
The girls loved them!  I bought 4 of these for my nieces, they loved , looks like my cat.
great
Very nice stuffy!  This Pokemon plush is very nice quality and been happily played with on a regular basis without falling apart! Not cheaply made like some. Avoid the cheap Pokemon Center knock-offs because you definitely get what you pay for... I learned the hard way!
Love the fur fabric quality. Beautiful.
Awesome transaction and product as described!
Super cute and cuddly~!
Very good  Very good product
So so cute, used on top of a diaper cake.
Voice of the "Collector"  This is an extremely rare plush.  The reviews on people complaining about scalpers is irrelevant.  Yes they went for 16.99 when you could find them in stores.  However; the Gamestop franchise only released these very few at a time.  Unlike the Pikachu character where there are 4 different plush to collect, there was only 1 Mew.  I have the entire collection and have kept up with it since Feb when they've started releasing them.  Sometimes I can get them at 16.99, other times I have to pay a little more for the ones that can't be found in my area.  It's called supply and demand.  If you're buying this, you're buying a collectable LIMITED EDITION item.  If you want cheap go buy some regular non-limited edition plush.  Next thing you know people are going to start getting mad for having to pay more money for Supreme Gasoline over Regular.  FYI  The Celebi plush is almost as rare, if you can find one around 20-30 bucks buy it as they are only going to go higher.  The Jirachi wasn't as rare can still be picked up for around 20, and the Darkrai that is out right now can be found for 20, don't sleep on it though as they aren't super easy to find either.
Great stuffed toy. If granddaughter is happy. I'm happy
Cuddly Pooh  Who doesn't like Pooh! This is a soft and cuddly plush pooh bear. My 2 1/2 year old granddaughter loves it.
So cute!  Great Roz doll.  Perfect size.  Wonderful quality.  Well made.  Thought the online price was very competitive and would highly recommend this product if you want a Roz doll.
Perfect, great price
Spectacular Disney pet  My granddaughter was thrilled with this pet.  It was perfect !!
Such an amazing gift!  It's really quite wonderful and a amazing buy with it's price. It's cute, quality gift, and fitted for teenage girls.
very large cat in the hat  My son loves this cat in the hat he has a total of four with this one he has med. size ones the quality of it is awsome and the cat in the hat is almost my son size he sleeps with it everynight thank you and shipping was extremly fast thanks so much..
Christmas Gift  Awesome toy I bought this for my Granddaughter for Christmas.  She is going to Love it!! I found all the stuffies she wanted on Amaazon....
The granddaughter loved it!
Amazing Chika Plush!  Truly amazing! Perfect quality, wonderful size! Also very affordable! I've always wanted a Nesobori of my best girl and now I do!
My daughter LOVES her Toopy and Binoo  I purchased the Toopy and Binoo plush dolls for their number one fan (my daughter) and she absolutely LOVES them! The look on her face when the package came in the mail and she opened it was priceless! They were exactly as described and the shipping was faster than I thought it would be. If your child adores these loveable characters as much as mine does then I hope you consider ordering this product!
LOVE  We got this toy to match my son's Mario themed room, and he really loves this toy! It's super soft and cuddly and looks like it's exceptionally well made. The stitching is fantastic without so much as a loose thread and is very easy to spot clean. That's important since my son carries it with him everywhere!
Miroku Plushie  I am a big Inuyasha fan. I recommend this for collectors as long as you get it in good condition. I love this Miroku plushie and like it better than others I have come across.
My granddaughter fell in love with it  My granddaughter fell in love with it, its so adorable. seller was awesome..Will be back to buy more things. Very satisfied...
Wow  I haved always loved Miss Piggy and when I saw this doll, I could not resist. She is wonderful and I love the doll.
Great value, good quality toy.  My son loves this toy.  I can tell it isn't the best Ender Dragon on the market, but he loves it and that's all that matters.  Excellent value, saved a lot of money getting this one.  So far it has held up great from 1 month of dragging around the house by a little boy.
Great toy for busy little fingers...  My 17-month old really loves the toy and plays with it often. He used to like playing with buckles before (stroller buckles, carseat buckles, etc.), and he loves it even more now, as he feels (I think) that he is better at it - thanks to his new toy :)
Awesome
Supercute!  This litte doll is the sweetest Hello Kitty ever!  If you are a collector this is an absolute "must have".  She's a good size and made well.  It did take a little bit longer to receive seeing as she came all the way from Singapore but arrived well before the estimated delivery date, totally worth the wait.  Will bring a smile to anyone's face, you'll love her.
POLE,PM VAPOREON DOLL  BOUGHT THIS FOR 10 YR. OLD GRANDAUGHTER SHE LOVE POKEMON. IT WAS WELL MADE AN PRETTY COLORS. SHE LOVES IT.
My girlfriend loves manatees. This is a genuine craftsmanship stuffed animal!!!
cute and perfect
... Birds Star Wars and this is one of their favorite birds.  My kids are totally into Angry Birds Star Wars and this is one of their favorite birds.
Excellent quality, great price  These are so cute. Placed them on the stairs in my foyer.  Excellent quality,  great price.  Highly recommend.
Very soft and a nice size.
I finally broke down and bought her this Slimer only to realize that a month later they would be releasing him in various stores  My daughter has been obsessed with Ghostbusters for years. I finally broke down and bought her this Slimer only to realize that a month later they would be releasing him in various stores like Target & Walmart for a MUCH BETTER price, but he's adorable.
Exactly as described.  Beautiful rabbit.  Gave it to my great-granddaughter.  She loved it.
Just like the picture!
awesome, durable, hair stayed in they are great
The perfect birthday present for anyone to cuddle and very good quaulity.
Soft and adorable. It's a little pink though  Soft and adorable.  It's a little pink though.
Super soft, and adorable.
My husbando look adorable!!   Levi plush is so cute!! 
This plush dog is SUPER adorable!  I haven't seen anything other stuffed dog like this one.  Quality is there.  Don't second guess buying this.  It is worth it for the Pekingese lover.
Grandson loved it!
Plush toys on Amazon.  Perfect Peter Rabbit plush characters. Colorful and cute! Jean M.
beautiful
Harry the baseball bunny is adorable. My 11 month old got so excited when he saw him! He was much bigger than I imagined him to be , which made me happy as I prefer bigger toys for my little guy.
Kids were very pleased and named it Belly  Item was as described and arrived quickly. We have not washed it yet but the thicker fur around the upper part of the body by the head may clump a bit and need to be brushed out after based on past experience. Kids were very pleased and named it Belly.
Perfect for personalizing !
arrived as advertised in good condition
Cute  It's so cute,
What an ANIMAL  Great addition to my son's drum kit.
Super cute!
Unique veggie gift :)  Nice big carrot pillow, perfect for your favorite veggie lover!
Troll  Grandbaby loves this troll
Does the job well.  This is very good duel drive ratchet wrench, especially since I have a set of sockets that include both 1/4 and 3/8 ". It's about 5 1/2 inches long and gives you a good grip.
Such a cutie.  A cute Snorlax plush that actually looks like a Snorlax! My girlfriend really loved him to add to her Pokemon plush collection. He definitely isn't the softest plush in the world, but if you are using it for display purposes, it is perfect!
Excellent saw at a good price  I've wanted a Unisaw since first using one years ago in high school shop class. It was a good saw then; it's even a better one now. The saw arrived on the date ... said it would. The delivery driver not only unloaded it from the truck, but wheeled it around to my shop behind the house and into the shop. Only gripe about Delta's packaging is that extension table wiggled loose from box and suffered minor damage. Delta should rework packaging so damage in shipment is minimized. Assembly of saw was straightforward, following Delta's directions in the owner's manual. The fence did not arrive with the saw as ... informed me it had been damanged, and would send a new one as soon as possible. So for about a week I could only use the miter gauge and dream about ripping boards. All told, once completely assembled, this saw lives up to my years of dreaming and anticipation of ownership. I look for several things in a table saw; accuracy of saw and fence, quiet operation, fit and finish, easy and safe to use. The Unisaw never lags in any of these requirements. The saw and fence were dead-on accurate out of the box. The start/stop button mounted to the left of the saw's center is the ideal location for the saywer. The stop button protrudes from the switch face, allowing me to turn the saw off with my knee if necessary. Handy thing when the cut sometimes goes a little awry. The start button face is recessed, so accidental starting is minimized. The blade guard isn't the greatest, but what OEM guard is? Still, it is better than the one on my last saw, and I plan to keep it in place for all through cuts until I can go aftermarket for a better guard. The saw has plenty of power. Dadoing operations that would practically stall my old table saw barely lowers the RPM of this saw. Ripping thick stock should be no problem. The fit and finish of this saw are adequate, though the plastic motor cover kept wanting to slide down till I figured out how to secure it properly. I'd prefer it to be hinged rather than the way it attaches. The saw starts and runs quietly. My last saw was terribly loud; even with hearing protection on it was a major distraction and made using the saw unpleasant. With the Unisaw, I can pick up a board and buzz it through without hunting around the shop for my ear muffs. It's that quiet. ...P>You can't go wrong with this saw. This particular configuration must be "optioned" up a bit at this price; i.e. you'll want the 30" extension table and a mobile base if your saw isn't destined to live in one designated spot in your shop. I got both for my small shop; makes the saw the perfect addition for it.
My daughter is in love with all things Inside Out - she now has a complete set of plush!
met expectations
Great  My daughter  loved
Cute, good quality, fast delivery  My son (7 years old) is great at coming up with obscure "squishies" that he wants. A couple of weeks before Easter, he declared he didn't want a stuffed bunny in his Easter basket, but he wanted this caterpillar. Fortunately I was able to find it, order it and receive it before Easter. He was happy and I was happy! The quality is good and the critter is cute.
GREAT!  just as shown. GREAT!
Cute stuffed toy  Bought this stuffed toy for my photography business. Really cute!  A little droopy but with a stand it works well. Received this toy quicker than the stated delivery time.  I will buy from amazon again!
Quite Authentic  Large, soft very colorful and as true to the movie beast as far as looks and clothes. It was the Disney product. My 3 year old granddaughter loved it.
The person enjoyed it a lot  Bought this as a gift to a Star Wars fan. The person enjoyed it a lot. It is very soft and of the perfect height.
Satisfied.  I received this the next day after purchasing! He looks great! He'll need to relax a bit after packaging because they had to fold up the wibgs, but my three old does care!
Exactly as described.
My grandson was thrilled!
Soothing Sounds  Son loved this at bed time.
For your eyes only: Awesomely Pawsome  Nothing comes close to Sony XBR2 52". If you are looking for an LCD HDTV, don't go with what others have to say, just trust your eyes. I hooked it up with my blu-ray player and played "planet earth" -- cannot narrate the experience -- absolutely stunning. I have never been to any tropical rainforest but now can almost tell you how it must feel like being there, after watching the series on XBR2. 3 HDMI inputs and host of other A/V options just makes this another great product that can be extended to satisfy almost any kind of configuration needs. And Amazon was a great place to buy the TV from. I have bought almost all my Audio/Video equipment from Amazon.  I was a little disappointed with their white glove delivery however -- the corrugated box in which my TV arrived was not as new as I would have expected. Also there was only one person who hauled the TV from the truck into my living room, as opposed to two, which their delivery note said. And with this big an equipment, I had expected their truck to be at least air ride equiped. But despite that I give five stars to both the TV as well as Amazon.
Looks just like the picture  Bigger than I expected! Looks just like the picture.
Item in perfect condition and as described for length  Shipped quickly. Item in perfect condition and as described for length. I thought it was going to be a little wider, so I wish more pictures were available but that aside it is perfect.
CUTE
Awesome! I would suggest this Joy doll for anyone.  My doll's arms and legs are all different lengths, which is a little odd - but not the end of the world. She is the perfect size to sit on an adult's shoulder. Pretty awesome! Nicely made.  She would be great to keep in the car/take on trips, as she is not super big.
AAAAAAAAAA++++++
Cute Hello Kitty  It was perfect
its adorable!! about the size of a football  for those wanting reference. very soft and good quality material. my nephew loved it!!
Higher Price, better quality  I don't particularly think it's worth the price but the price is upfront and it's probably the best hat available. The song it plays is really long and pirate themed. The hat itself fits really well. The only thing I don't like is that the "play" button for the lights and song is all sewn in and colored red and really visible on the side of the hat, which takes away from the authenticity. Overall, it's a good looking hat and looks just like the picture.
Happy with this Purchase  Ordered for my son for Christmas. I was a little nervous looking through the reviews and pictures, seeing as some showed they received an inferior product than the one listed. Ours was exactly as pictured. Color is slightly more gray than black but quality was good.
Super cute!  This is beyond cute! I bought this for a friends daugher. It was so adorable I almost bought myself one! Lol
Anything for my 31 yr old sister :)  I got this for my sister since she's obsessed with Hedgehogs. She's always looking at them on instagram and I thought this one was pretty realistic. She sent me a picture of the stuff animal and I think the online photos are very accurate. Excellent representation. Thanks!
My niece is very very happy!!!!
The "Goob", aka: The Bowlerhat Guy  Very cute. Arrived very fast. Thank you.
Even Better in Person  This little Pirate Monkey was a HIT with my nephew !  He loves pirates so I thought this would be  GREAT !!!  I was right!
Great Value.  As described! Great Value.
Love it!!!  Arrived quickly and looks adorable on my bed.
Great quality, came quick, happy kid!  Although all of the tags and everything are in a different language than what I can read, this still seems like it is of decent quality.  The best part was that it came quickly.  I was able to give it to my son for his birthday.  He LOVES Mario and goes around the house making "boink" sounds and other sounds from the video game.  I combined this with some mini mushrooms and a goomba and he was so happy!  The prices for all of them were great, too!  Such a happy kiddo...and his mommy is pretty happy with herself, too ;)
This is a nice set of minecraft plushes  This is a nice set of minecraft plushes. Must have for any minecraft enthusiast.  These plushes are well made and soft. Great price for the set of 4.
Good product
I love Thorin Oakenshield.
You'll say "Awwwwwwwwww!!!!" when you see it  Attention people who live in New York: this Link plushie is sold at the Nintendo World Store, so you can pick up one there. I got mine when I went to NY on vacation and visited the store.  My thoughts about this plushie can be summed up in four words: I FREAKING LOVE IT! It looks exactly like Toon Link from Wind Waker and the Phantom Hourglass games, complete with his sword, the shield on his back and his trademark floppy green hat. (You can't see it in the photo, but trust me: it's there) The only downside is that he's not the tallest plushie on the market. He stands a measly 12.5 inches, but Toon Link is normally a small guy, so it's remaining true to his games. A great collector's item for a Zelda fan or even as a general plaything for your children. Remember, it's never too early to hook kids on Zelda!
Nice quality!
Awesome!
My granddaughter loved it.  I scored points!
Snorlax  Just what Ive been looking for. He is small but so cute and feels high quality.
Micky Mouse  This is a very nice authentic stuffed animal. I am glad I bought it for my son's first birthday. He loves holding and kissing it. Perfect size too!!
So innocent. So deadly.  Is it strange that I fell in love with a microbe? He looks like a baby seal, or a baby something-or-other, with the mammalian touch of Siamese blue eyes. I have the CCR5-delta 32 blood condition, so I'm (theoretically) immune to the real thing. He sleeps on my bed, and travels in my briefcase, and I've cautioned other people about handling him. We've gone out socially with  me wearing&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plague-Doctor-Adult-Costume/dp/B000RRV9FQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plague Doctor Adult Costume</a>, although scrubs and a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Venetian-Mask/dp/B003OYD61E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Venetian Mask</a>&nbsp;do very well too.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Four-Thieves-Vinegar-4oz/dp/B000XRJAXS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Four Thieves Vinegar 4oz</a>&nbsp;doesn't seem to have an effect, but is a nice touch...it gives his coat a nice glossy look and aroma.  I've written stories about him...All I can say is, become a host, catch the fever!
Great doll my daughter loves her!!!
Super cute!
grandson loves it
cute!  my daughter loves this little guy so we got him for her for xmas. he seems bigger though, but well made.
My grandson Loved it
I was glad to receive this little guy  Cute!  I was glad to receive this little guy!
great doll...we are big Olaf fans here....
Llama llama doll  I ordered this doll for a gift. It was here very quickly. The doll is in great condition, seems like it will last a long time. My child loves it. It is the doll featured in all of the llama llama books by Anna Dewdney. Great replica!
Two year old grandson loved George  Quality was excellent on plush.  I thought cost was high, but was satisfied when it arrived.  Grandson is a big Curious George fan.
So cute the reason why I orders him because he reminds me of dapper deoxy
My girls favorite doll  My daughters (3 years old) are going through a mermaid phase and they absolutely love this doll. She is a beautiful doll with vibrant colors. Her hair is very full and I find that it doesn't come out very easily. Watch for sizing because there is a larger one as well. This one is the perfect size for their little hands.
LOVE THIS KYLE DOG!
Very soft
Super cute and great quality!
great niece loves it
Cute  Soft and cute. I like the way it sits up but still isn't too heavy for cuddling. It also has stitched on eyes making it safer.
My son went crazy over this
Great first addition to my Black Butler merch  Overall I really love this plush, the only thing I would have to say is that the cow hood is a bit wrinked but it's super cute and I love it!
Love this toy  My granddaughter is obsessed with buckling and unbuckling this awesome toy.  It's great for long car rides.
Arrived right in time for Christmas, was a big hit with my son since he loves the Minions
Great toy. Large enough for adults, durable enough for kids.
Cute  Very soft and cute. Any kid would agree.
Cute and life-like!  Soft, cuddly, and life-like, this cute stuffed animal looks remarkably like my labradoodle.  It will be loved by a very special little boy!
Oh my goodness, Grell is such a cutie!! I got him very fast and he is just so perfect! He does have a yellow loopie on his head to hang him on things, but you hardly notice it :D RECOMMENDED FOR ALL KUROSHITSUJI FANS WHO WANT A GRIM REAPER PLUSHIE!! <3
It's a cute gift to give a anime fanatic like myself. Super kawaii  She's so tiny she can fit the palm of your hand! It's a cute gift to give a anime fanatic like myself. Super kawaii!!
Itsa Me Mario!  Great Toy for your Mario Fans! Quality and Looks are on point with this one!
Very sweet!
LOVE IT!  My boyfriend got me this toy out of the blue and i totally love it. great gift for any bioshock 2 lover.
Performs Flawlessly as the Guardian of the Night  Together, Domo Dino and Kung Fu Domo have protected my house and watched over me as I slept. Thanks to Domo, I can sleep at night, knowing I will wake up the next morning unharmed.  Pros: Requires very little maintenance (self-grooms and upholds very high standards of personal hygiene) Eats its own prey Has not one, but TWO sets of mandibles capable of destroying the most vile of night creatures  Cons: Tends to intimidate small animals Dino Domo is cold-blooded, like all reptiles, and requires an external source of heat
A fun, cute item for DBZ fans!
Perfect size for the 3 year old we purchased it for.  Quality product.
High Quality (and Gorgeous!) Muppet Doll  I've been a fan of the muppets ever since I was a child, and over the years I've seen a lot of muppet dolls and figures, some not so great. This Disney series of dolls is FANTASTIC. Piggy is looking great in her green dress and gloves, and has nicely rooted curls that you can somewhat style out. At 19", this is a sizable doll and would be ideal for collectors or as a gift for a child to play with. For the price, I think this is an excellent value, and now I want to buy all of the dolls, based on the quality of Piggy. I purchased this doll at a discount in exchange for an honest review, and based on my observations on the quality, I would most definitely recommend this and the other muppet dolls to anyone who is a fan of the series, or just looking for a great gift.
Adorable!  Nicely made, EXTREMELY SOFT, and so so cute! Pretty small, but still wonderful!
Adorable, super soft!
Very cute. Just what my toddler wanted!
Grandson loves the Toyota
Meant for Hanging, but Easy Enough to Modify  It's an authentic, good-quality Toadette doll.  It's designed to hang on windows via a suction cup attached by a string on its head, so fair warning to those who might be buying it for a child just to have, or as part of a collection.  The string and suction cup are easy enough to cut off if you don't want them though.
ADORABLE
Great quality
cute!  Perfect for young pokemon lovers. FYI the box, instructions and sound effects are in Japanese, which was not a problem, son loved the xmas gift.
cute, soft and plushy  My kid is crazy about this bird.  She's 19 months and for a few nights won't let it out of her sight.  It's sort of an awkward squat shape, but it is easy for her to hold and she can grab it by the wings or feet.  The eyes are plastic but flat and I couldn't dig them out, so I think they are safe enough in the crib.  The little hair on top sticks straight up and kiddo likes to comb it with her fingers, it hasn't fallen out despite her rapt attention.  It's soft and plush, and the floral pattern is pretty.  She has lovies in her crib she's ignored for a year, but this bird, given to her by a cousin a few nights ago, became her immediate best buddy.
Excelente
Love it
Great for BFG fans!  My 7 year old granddaughter loved it, especially the whizz popping sounds it makes when you squeeze it.  Her grandmothers had read her the BFG & I gave her this and the BFG movie for Christmas--nice package.  By the way, don't worry that this is coming from England--it arrives pretty quickly.
Minions are fine.  Bigger than I thought. But I think my daughter will like them.
its super adorable and really nice without any problemx
Was honestly very pleased with this plush  Was honestly very pleased with this plush. I bought it as a gift for my 5 year old. He recently became a fan of Donald Duck and my wife and I had searched a lot of different places to find a good stuffed animal for him. I came across this one on Amazon and thought Id give it a shot. The plush is well made and even has the official Disney logo on the bottom of the foot. Great purchase. My son has not let this plush go since he got it. It goes everywhere with him right now.
Adorable!  She super sweet and loves to cuddle.
My son loves it.
As advertised.  My son loved it.
Cute and quality made!
Quality cable  Worked perfectly to run from a desk, around a wall to an Oki dot-matrix impact printer. Not a single problem. Typical great Belkin quality.
Rouge is my favorite Sonic character and i was not disappointed whatsoever  such a cute, detailed plushie. Rouge is my favorite Sonic character and i was not disappointed whatsoever. The plush seemed somewhat heavy so I was surprised how strong the string was. You can hang this anywhere!
Soft, realistic  I bought this for my wife, because she loves raccoons. Very soft, and my two dogs try to steal it from her, lol!
So cute!!  I bought this at the local Disney store and I absolutely love it! The hair is better than it looks in the picture. Trust me. It is. I also love the glitter she has too. It's glittery, but it's not messy and it's not gonna get everywhere. I wanna buy the other emotions after buying this one. Definitely recommend for any Inside Out fan of any age.
cute doll  My grandson loved it and it got there just in time. It appears to be well made and the colors are as represented.
i lovce it
Adorable, but the shoes were shown as leather in the photo but they are actually cloth, but I love it
Soft and cuddly, grandbaby loves this lil guy!!!
My son loves Angry Birds  My son loves Angry Birds and collects the 5" plush toys. I have no idea how many different ones exist between the original, seasons, space, and now star wars, but he must have over 30 different birds by now. They are pretty cute, and he cherishes each one.
Large and huggable!  Great nephew loves his huggable Kangaroo! Packaged and delivered nicely and has the toddlers seal of approval! Large and plushy soft.
I Love it
great value  Much better quality than I expected. Bought for a fun office gift for clients. So far everyone laughs over them and loves them. Bought 3 more orders.
Great price
Happy with purchase  Son loved it.
Light weight and fun.
Cool  My son love this!  He is a big fan of Dr. Who.
Great condition.
We love James Dean!  A great buy for any James Dean fan! Beautiful cards with different images of James Dean on every card. Great buy and perfect for any collector. Love these cards to pieces!!
Daughter Loves Peppa the Pig, and it's peppa so dad buys Peppa
It's easy to use and has no batteries to charge  I have purchased this monthly planner for 15 years.  It's easy to use and has no batteries to charge.
... for my daughter for Christmas and it is a great product and she loved it  I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it is a great product and she loved it.
Worth it  It's adorable and cute and well made, but it was only level 20 and had no good moves.
So cute!  So simple, yet so much fun for the little one! Major hit!
super soft  yummy soft huggable toy! my grandson likes it more like a friend than an educational toy! rite now!
My Waifu
Safe, Soothing, Cute, just a bit Loud!  So far we love it! BUT it was a bit loud so I wrapped safe foam around the speaker with electrical tape to tone it down and seems fine now. I'm giving it the full 5 stars because after lots of research and reading reviews it seems this is the normal volume. I saw a review about the Fisher-Price Glow Sea Horse having multiple volume options but someone who bought that and this product said the lowest volume was the same as this Playskool one's volume. Also there were quite a few reviews about the Sea Horse battery pack not being safe, over heating, and smoking! There is also the Playskool Panada, saw many reviews stating that it's hard to turn on, especially for a child, toddler, baby!
As described. My little boy really likes it!
Perfect condition and everything works as indicated.
It is a cute fox similar to the fox doll in the film. It doesn't look exactly the same but is still adorable. The stars and the lines on the tail are like small stickers but have held on well. The two foxes we ordered came with an ear sown down on each. the stitch can be removed for the ear to stand straight up to match the other ear. Overall, I am happy with the foxes.
I love this toy! Looks better than the newer models.
It took a lot longer to get here, but cannot beat price. My son loves Minecraft stuff.
My sister loved it!
Cute and fun for my newborn grandson to have in his room like his daddy!
Helps complete the set!  This is great because if your little one is a bubble guppie fan this helps complete the set of guppies!  Just an FYI though these are slightly larger than the 3 guppies that came our earlier (Mollie, Gil, and Bubble Puppie) and have a slightly different tail material.  Not a huge deal if you don't mind not having consistency and of course little ones do not care.
Very cute and cuddly.  It was a gift and well received.
Extremely pleased  It's very soft and very well put together. And the feathers are so fluffy!! I'm very pleased with my purchase, if you're a fan of altaria or just a big Pokemon fan then I would highly recommend this plush. It is a little smaller than I thought it would be, as it fits in my palms easily but it doesn't bother me that much. It seems very sturdy; the body is stuffed with beanie baby type stuffing along with your traditional plushy stuffing. The wings are sewed together by more than just a string, there's a little patch of cloth connecting the wings.  Overall I was immensely pleased with this plush and I would recommend it to any Pokemon fan.
Very cute, well made, detailed plush.  I am very happy with this order and would order from this company again.
SUPER SMOOSHEY!!!  My future sister-in-law came to visit one day with her daughter who was soon turning 2. She mentioned I should google "Heffalump," and said that's what I should get the little one.  Ok, whatever, so I found it here on Amazon and it came to my door within the week. I opened the packaging, just to see what this 'heffalump' thing is, and was STUNNED with how incredibly soft and smooshey this thing is. I have no idea what they made this little guy out of, but I almost bought another just for myself because of how soothing it was to touch this little plush elephant, not to mention just how gosh darn adorable it is.  And the thing is, even with it being so soft and smooshey, the stitches and craftsmanship of it is solid. This toy will be around for many years to come.
He's big, soft, and cuddly.  My toddler loves taking it everywhere.
EXCELLENT   I bought this as a valentines gift &' its truly more than I expected its a good size super soft I know she will be super happy when she finally receives it
Great product
Super soft, very cute  Super soft, very cute!! I am really happy with this plush, it is better that the picture. Good price, good shipping turn around.
Wonderful Joy!  Good quality, and my daughter loves it.  Just what she wanted!
This giraffe is made of very good quality material and is very cute I highly recommend it
I love the wiggles. He is happy!
Awesome  This guys are awesome, nice size, well done! My kids loved it. I like the sound of Yoda, I wasn't expecting it!
Great for a divorce gift!  Great gift for my sister who found out a week before Christmas her husband wants a divorce.  I ordered it a week before Christmas and received it in just 2 days! It made her laugh during a very difficult holiday. Best price out there.
She treats it like it's human  arrived quickly and my daughter loves it. She treats it like it's human...
My daughter loves this toy!  Seems to be holding up well.
Calms my son for his bedtime anxiety  Pretty lights that calms kids for bedtime
super soft and fuzzy  My niece takes this guy everywhere with her now, super soft and fuzzy.
Pokemon Plushy  My son loved it!
Cute!  So cute and great deal. Took a whlie because it came from China, but it is for Christmas anyway. Daughter is going to love it!
Christmas gift.
So cute and arrived so quickly!
Makes me smile.  So soft. Love his ears!
very nice  packaging it came it was terrible and not attractive for gift giving.  this was a Christmas gift, so I had to re wrap it.  the item itself was very cute and well made
As expected and received quickly
Love it  We're beach people and scuba divers so I love this jelly fish. It's very well made, nice material and glittery. I bought 2 and have hung them from the ceiling in my Granddaughters vacation room in our home. So cute!
Super cute and really soft great product
We have 4 of these!  We currently have 3 of the Mary Jane Bunny and 1 of the baby dolls.  My daughter received the bunny from a family member when she was born.  When she was about 3-4 months old and started sleeping much more on schedule we'd put her down with the bunny since she loved playing with it while awake.  I figured it would help her self soothe.  Boy did it ever!  She LOVES that bunny.  She has this with her for EVERY nap and bedtime and I bring it with us to the pediatricians office as well to help soothe her after shots.  I lay her down in her crib and she immediately grabs for the bunny and falls asleep hugging it.  As anything made for babies, this will get slobbered on, spit up on, and get dirty.  No big deal, it's machine washable!  I'm so glad I found these on Amazon.  I decided to order 2 more; 1 to rotate in when the other needs to be washed, and another one in reserve in case something happens to one of the other ones.  I also thought the baby doll was adorable so I ordered one of those as well.  She likes the baby doll but she *definitely* loves the bunny more.
cute plush
My Granddaughter loves teletubbies
This was adorable. Made well, colorful, my granddaughter loved her.
Perfect
GREAT PRODUCT  Just what we needed to have and at a very great price. Definitely recommend this to all of you looking for this.
a must for your collection  Way to cute
He's well made and has many fun details.  Animal is a very cute character that will be used to decorate a special Christmas stocking.  He's well made and has many fun details.
Great toy for infant  My grandson loves this little toy. It was smaller than I expected but I really didn't read the dimensions when I ordered it.
Great quality at a great price!
I'm still very pleased with her  Her little orange broach fell off on her bow but it's okay. I'm still very pleased with her :)
Waluigi is Loved in our Home  This product was in excellent and new condition when we got it.  My 5 year old is obsessed with Super Mario toys.  He sleeps with all of his plush toys including Waluigi. He even brougth Waluigi with him to the hospital when he broke his arm.  He loves his Waluigi and Waluigi will be in our home for a long time to come.
My parents love emojis so I couldn't resist these for them  My parents love emojis so I couldn't resist these for them. They really seemed to think they were cute and told me the quality is good.
Very cute!  Very cute!
Out of everything my 7 year old received for her birthday, this was her favorite present! Certainly not the cutest Pok&eacute;mon in my opinion, but she insists it is.  ;)  It was the size I expected and is attached to a little ball chain if you want to attach it to something. My daughter sleeps with hers, and it still looks new, so it's well-made.
She loved it!
i like bonnie hes my faavorite animatronic
grand kids love it
Son loves it!
Very cute, durable, my son loves it.
This Jesus doll is the size of an infant and can seem like it when you hold it in your arms as you would to a baby. For a believer he is too cute to not have and just a very well made plush doll in general. You can give it to your kids to play or role play biblical moments. Or it can look great even in your office if you have no shame of its representation before fellow employees. Thank you Unemployed Philosophers for a well made product! I recommend it to all fellow believers!
love it
Adorable  These are so cute and the perfect size, I can't wait to surprise my little one with them :)
I love him  Precious. So soft and cuddly. I love Gizmo and I bought him for me, but my kids confiscated him. I guess I'll have to get another.
Great price
Great purchase.  Awesome!  So hard to find.  I couldn't be happier.  Our grandson loves it, he was thrilled.
Despicable Me 2 Bedtime Agnes Plush  I bought this doll for my 6 year old for Christmas and we love it so cute. I would definitely recommend this toy little expensive but worth it.
My 6 yr old is in LOVE with this!!  My 6 yr old is infatuated by sharks - the hammerhead and great white being his favorite. This is the perfect size - he sleeps with it every night. Its colors are awesome and great detail. Cant wait to get him more for his collection!
Looks just like the dinosaur vs bedtime character Cute
darling  these little plush guys are so adorable. i purchased them for a christmas gift, and the little girl is just going to love them.
My son absolutely loved it! It is a good size plush and he loves to carry it out around everywhere. Very well made!
Not only an awesome toy but great customer service!  My daughter is in love with Nemo and so I bought her this stuffed toy. Well, her aunt also bought the same one from the same seller for her at the same time. I contacted the seller to return one of them and they were very prompt and handled it very well. The stuffed toy is perfect, large and very durable.
a Nemo fan must  my granddaughter and i are obsessed with Finding Nemo. finding the plush characters isn't always easy. this was a terrific find and one of our favorites. just so cute and very well made {stands up to a 2 yr old play}
Super cute penguins and well made  Super cute penguins and well made. The flippers have wires inside of them so you can pose them to a certain extent. This was a great Christmas gift for my son. I couldn't find them anywhere but Amazon and was glad I could find them here for a reasonable price.
My daughter loves her toy! High quality plush and very cute!
Wonderful stuffed animal!  Anyone who loves the movie Monsters Inc will adore this animal. Literally the first time I saw the movie I was on Amazon looking for a Sully stuffed animal. And I could not have asked for anything better. This product is made extremely well and after you see it in person you can see why and how they can charge almost $20 for him. It really is worth the price!!
Cuter than the photos  I was a little dubious based on the photo, but in person this is the most adorable plush bobcat I've seen. Well made and durable, and my son loves it.
Love it!  It's exactly what it's supposed to be.
I bought this for my boyfriend because he loves Link and he loves Kirby so when I found them combined into one, I knew I had to get it. He absolutely loves him! It is really well made and very cute!
The birthday boy was VERY happy with it  The birthday boy was VERY happy with it. I know it tells you the dimensions however I was a little disappointed in the size when I opened it, luckily bday boy could care less!
So cute & perfectly sized  I bought ours at the local Ross. My 6 month old loved it so much I went back and got 2 more. We have home toys, car toys, and babysitter toys and this is one that is at all locations!
He's awesome, because he's Bender! And my friend LOVED him!  So cute!!!! Love this little, stuffed bender! I have a friend that one of the things we have in common is our love for futurama, another is our birthday! So, for our birthday, this is one of the gifts I got him. He loves it so much, and I was so excited for it to be his! He lives in South Carolina, where as I love all the way in Oklahoma. He sent me pics (posted here) as soon as he got it, and then when he put it in its home on the shelf with his other stuffed animals. It's so cute, and so very bender-like it looks kind of funny in with his other, happy stuffed animals haha! Anyway, this little guy definitely makes a great gift!
I love it!  I didn't know what the quality of this yoshi would be it's soft and cute and well made. What more could a yoshi fan want?? I love it!!
Kids love it
Adorable  I bought this for my fiance's Birthday, as a little side gift. She has a Dalmatian whom is about 13 years old. This Penny plush was so adorable and I knew she would love it cause it reminds her of her Dalmatian when it she a puppy :)
Our little girl loved it! She has a hard time with the squeeze box as it moves quite a bit, but she mostly just wants to pack Captain Smek around!
Great quality! Fast shipping,:)
czech y
So cute!  I got this for my daughter. I didn't even know who Pink Toad was.  My kids love Mario and have learned all the characters names. :)
great gift for naruto/akatsuki fans  the toy looks just like the pic and it came a day earlier than expected really well made toy my sis just loves the thing no problems oh.. one thing though it does not seemed to bother her but the rock village symbol will fade off after a bit of handling so be careful about that but overall 5 stars
Chibi L  It looks like a chibi L. love it
... away as a gift since it is my sister's favorite pokemon. It's soft and adorable  I gave this away as a gift since it is my sister's favorite pokemon. It's soft and adorable! I might get one for myself.
She loves that! It was gigantic. Bigger than we expected it to be.
The kids love them.
Awesome Animal  Love him. Delivered in excellent condition. Disney tags attached.
Elmo The Great!  Elmo is my grandaughters best friend. Elmo is really soft and fuzzy! What a great purchase she will have Elmo for years.
Excellent
"itsy bitsy spider  My 9 year old grandson wouldn't put it down.  That night fell asleep with it
Adorable little Heartless Blush!
Aweome  Product arrived on time and in perfect condition. It was a little pricey but it was worth it. I would recommend this product to any Adventure Time fan.
i love it it so cute and soft
My daughter loved it.
which is quite nice. Would recommend  The plush size is closer to a little over two feet than a full two feet and seven inches. Regardless, the plush itself has a skeleton inside it that allows you to pose him, wrap him around stuff, etc., which is quite nice. Would recommend.
Darling little Chihuahua  Bought this as a gift for a friend who has a chihuahua - she loved it.
My son bought me this because I love frogs, it fits perfect with all of my other frog items as well it hides my change and extra dollars very well.  It is the perfect gift.
adorable
fits around Adult waist womens M/L and has Zipper pouch perfect for phone, wallet and other small items.  With this well-made Wookie on your back, you can do most anything. I get compliments everywhere i go. He can hold a wallet, phone and some other things a purse would do, so its perfect for day time outings if you want your hands free. he can also be worn on the front side of your body. i am an Adult and his bottom clips fit around my waist.
A fantastic Easter gift  The recipient's response:  "It's...so...FLUFFY!!!"
Super cute :D
Quality of item is great definitely worth the money  Quality  of item is great definitely  worth  the money.  Plus my son loved  it
MY FLUFFY!  MINE! I loves!!! it makes a wonderful pillow for nap time, and I love the fact that it can be thrown into the washer.
Cute!  Grand kids love it!
Luigi's Plush may be second but, to none  Awesome plush my daughter Loved it. It is very detailed, soft, you can kind of position him in a sit position or a stand but kind of leaning position this plush is a must have if you are a Nintendo plush collector. I will say this please view the other ones and see the difference in the quality and the details. Now the critical parts like the hat, the mustache, buttons, hair, ears, are sewed on not glued and the eyes are embroiled in the face no glue ons. Therefore once again I recommend this plush.
thanks for a great  these little sonic toys are so cute. anyone that loves sonic as we do need to buy all of these they are well made and colorful . thanks for a great toy
Very cute lamb and was the perfect accompaniment to a wooden cross gifted for a baptism  Very cute lamb and was the perfect accompaniment to a wooden cross gifted for a baptism. I would highly recommend this stuffed animal!
My great niece's reaction to this gift was pretty amazing. You folks must be doing something right!
loved it
Belt is the perfect cuddle buddy  Belt is the perfect cuddle buddy. I enjoy hanging him around my neck and slapping people in the face when they least expect it with his long arms. I also enjoy slapping people when they most expect it. The slapping's really just the best part. A sound, cuddly investment for diabolical purposes.
Grandson loved it
very cute-Social services Christmas donation
My nephew was very pleased with his plush.
Amazing, Wonderful. Just like the picture.  Came in just as the picture looked! It was wonderful very soft. I gave it to one of my friends who loves alpacas and she loved it! Amazing for anyone who loves alpacas!
Colgate Total Toothpaste  Good product. Colgate Total is recommemded by the ADA for the gums, and it is so easy to use in this type of container. Came quickly.  Always have good service from Amazon
That stupid chicken.  My daughter loves this toy, and its not broke yet.
GREAT BUY!  One of the best purchased pokemon! Kids are over the moon! A must for any pokemon fan or collector!
It talks!  My daughter loves it!  I wish it had an on/off switch for the talking, though.
I ordered this for a friend's birthday, and it's so cute. It's bigger than I thought it would be, and it's so soft and well-made.
Grand kids love them
This one is great!!  Raichu is my faverot pokemon of all time. Unfortunately, Raichu dosent have a lot of plushies. This one is great!!!! It super big, soft and squishy. I also own that BANPRESTO UFO raichu plush, and this ones just as great, just not anywhere as much as expensive.
Percent condition-as described- timely
Great Product!  Nice and soft and cuddly, great for my 3 year old!!
shipped from China  I've not received this yet. I got my shipment confirmation today and saw that it is coming from China and should be here in a month and a half. My daughter wanted this soooooo bad for her birthday that I won't complain about the wait. I'm just happy I ordered it a month and a half before her birthday because it's set to arrive the same week as her bday. I can't find anywhere that it says coming from another planet, but it is. Can't wait to see it!  An update. I received my toothless item on 6-12-13, so it came wayyyyyyyy ahead of its scheduled delivery thankfully.  The quality is very good. My only concern is, toothless is a black dragon in the movie (a night fury), the stuffed animal that arrived is blue. My daughter will definitely comment on this.  Overall, its a very cute dragon, it just isn't the same as the one in the movie.
Really cute! I know it says giant microbes but it was actually larger than I expected.  Can't wait to give this as a gift :)
?  Bought for my 2 1/2 year old niece who loves Tinkerbell.  This doll was a huge hit.  Durable & cozy.
Wonderful plushy.  Firmly stuffed, the eyes and skull details are embroidered on. There is only a single thread holding the arm to the bone and the bone to the body.  Wonderful plushy.
Pretty sure Dorothy is her new bestfriend  Just got delivered about 20 minutes ago and my daughters face lit up when she saw it. Pretty sure Dorothy is her new bestfriend. Thank you!!!!
Love the bright color  KIDS really love the bright color. From newborns to 2 years old great gift.
My seven year-old was totally jazzed.
Got me good brownie points  Girlfriend loves it. Got me good brownie points
Very cute and fast deluvery
Adorable
Arrived really fast and it is exactly what I wanted!
Love it.  So cute and soft. Love it.
Replacement Batteries for Makita  I was so glad to find this replacement battery so I didn't have to discard my older Makita portable electric drill when the old original battery finally died. This replacement battery holds the charge as long as the original one did and I recommend it to anyone who wants to continue using their older Makita drills.
Soft and plush  Soft and plush, as described. Daughter loves it.
Wonderful stuff  I love this stuff.  Easy to use, makes my skin feel great.  If I skip the after shower moisturizer, it's no big deal if I've used this stuff in the shower.  Just have trouble finding it around here, so I'm glad to be able to get it through Amazon.  It makes the shower very slippery for the next person, so be sure to squirt the shower floor with a cleanser of some sort when you're done.
Great
Granddaughter loves Blue!  Nice medium size stuffed Blue, Ok for a toddler. Easy for my granddaughter to hold. She likes the big nose.
Pileated Woodpecker  This was a gift for a young bird lover.  He thought it was wonderful and said he still hears the sound in the woods behind the house, so it was real.  Great size, not too big.  Easy to play with and carry around, if that is the intended purpose.  Great for young and old.  Would buy other birds.  Great purchase.
My daughter love it and sleeps with it every night.
Small, but exactly what was needed.  Item arrived on time and was as described. Perfect for any child who loves Dr. Seuss. Good companion to a book.
Funny
Just Cute  I just think that it's super adorable and really hug able.
great  it is great, and my friend likes it very much, the speed was fast, too. all in all it's a good one
Just in time for Christmas!!!!!  My daughter is 2 years old and she loves Elmo. Her mother had bought her a beanie baby sized Elmo and now she can't sleep without it. So I decided that I would buy her a bigger Elmo plush toy for Christmas. I ordered it here on Amazon.com and received it in 3 days with no delay. Item was flawless! I know My daughter is gonna be very happy with her new Elmo. Thank you for your great timely service!  S. Wright Lacey, Washington
Sweet Doll  We got this to go with granddaughters Cindy Lou Who costume. It is a darling doll and well made.
Umbreon was exactly as pictured and in excellent condition.
gift
Great toy  We got to experience this amazing toy first hand thanks to bzzagent.com. My boys whom are 2 and 3 absolutely love this elmo . His different modes with each hat is such an amazing treat for the kids . Any child who loves elmo will enjoy all this toy has to offer .The age group of 2-4 fits very well so be sure the child you are buying for fits in this group .
Son was super excited.  Arrived before expected!!! Son was super excited.
Excellent
Anna is her favorite character on  a gift for my 18 month granddaughter we bought her one for Christmas and she has worn it out dragging it everywhere she goes.  Anna is her favorite character on Frozen
Perfect so cute!  Perfect! Addition for my baby quilt I made
Cute/soft toy, good size for 6 months+  My daughter loves this toy.  Very soft.  As cute as advertised.
Aware It's A Fake But Love Love Love  While I'm 100% aware this product is definitely a bootleg Alpaccasso, it is an excellent quality plush. She's huge and soft and beautifully colored, not to mention absolutely adorable. I bought her knowing she was a fake, so I am very very happy with the quality despite her not being an actual AMUSE plush. She arrived in immaculate condition; her packaging was not very secure though so this was a minor miracle. I would definitely recommend buying this plush for anyone who cares more about how their plush looks than what brand it is, as she is still very nice quality and completely adorable!
My niece loved it!
He is adorable. Son loves it. I think the shipping times were way ahead of what it said.
Awesome addition to my nephews collection
Perfect
Great item for a great price!  This item came exactly as advertised and was just what I was looking for for my young son who recently has fallen in love with the Mega Man series.
Great quality!  I decided to get mine at Toys R Us and it was at a very good price! He's very soft and squishy. Love to cuddle with. 5 stars all the way!
Good to go!  It's exactly what you expect.  Unpacked, looked the part with no seam issues.  Definitely an Ender Dragon!
My granddaughter just loves this toy.!!
It was a gift for my Great granddaughter. she loves it
Love him.  He is hilarious.  Love him.
My godson loves it, it's small but I think that adds to the cute factor!  I also got the books to accompany the gift
Granddaughter loves this
I bought this for my daughter's 5th birthday. She loves it. She plays with it all the time and sleeps with her every night
good  very good, My baby like it, but my english is not good, so I can't say moor about it ,sorry!
Cute.  I actually bought this for my 1 year old for Christmas. I love the multi colors and textures and I believe she will as well.
a wonderful toy for a toddler  I've purchased two of these for my toddler and he loves them more than anything! And so do I :-) it's very soft and there are no plastic pieces. It's also really easy to clean just throw it in the wash.
My kids love their sleeping buddies!  I bought the monkey and kitten for my son. They are his sleeping toys. Then when my daughter was born, I bought her the rabbit and the elephant. I wish there was a sixth buddy here so that we could get the puppy and split between my kiddos; they love their little animal family.
Wonderful Soft Truck  Fabulous soft toy for a small child, and he has a book all about him!  Great!!  Just what you need for reading to a little boy of one - five years of age.
Great. Very funny for my Kids.
She is very soft and cuddly I love it
Really awesome and it got here way sooner than expected
... loves it so I guess that means this is good.  I think this character is weird and creepy but my toddler loves it so I guess that means this is good.
Cute and soft just not as big as I thought.
Amazing plushy my son adores it.
so cute and soft
Jasmine!  Love this toy. It's precious especially for a precious little princess of your own. Jasmine is my favorite Disney princess.
great party favor
Great size and quality.  It is exactly as the one in the picture. It's really cute and bigger than I expected. It was delivered on time and in perfect conditions. I'm very satisfied!
Must have for infants  I wish I knew about this monkey before having my daughter. My mobile ended up being a waste on money once we received this as a gift. It is now what I buy every expecting mom. Helps baby go to sleep and stays on longer than any mobile out there
Adorable! Huge hit with 6 year old.  This stingray is completely adorable. If you are a lover of plush animals, this is definitely a great buy. I wasn't expecting it to be as cute as it is, and to be honest, I was skeptical of the other reviews. I was happily surprised to see it actually is quite cute. I originally bought it because my 6 year old son fell in love with stingrays at the zoo, and then later at another aquarium. The plush stingrays sold there were easily over 20 dollars and didn't seem to be worth the cost. So, I hit Amazon and ordered one. This was back in late March. He has carried it all over the place ever since. He takes it to bed with him every single night since then. It's safe to say that this is a favorite and will long be cherished. Great bargain buy compared to the theme park type prices, and much cuter at that!
exactly as described
my nephew almost had a heart attack. he wanted this backpack so bad in the mall one day that I found it cheaper on here. he opened it for Christmas and it was the best thing he got he told me
Shopkins Lippy Lips  Does not come with a loop for hanging from a backpack but I put my own one.  It was very easy.  Granddaughter loved it!  This is a larger Shopkins plush.
My little Granddaughter loved Tigger..along with Winnie the Pooh and Tigger DVD ...
Cute and soft
My granddaughter loves him
Manatees are awesome  Yes, my friend absolutely loved her manatee present! Thank you!
Lovely hanging on the patio!  This teardrop crystal is so lovely. I have it hanging on my patio and when the sun catches the crystal it reflects color everywhere around it. I am looking for another one in a different style. It was a great price!
My Granddaughter love it and also goes to bed withit.
Good Buy  I ordered these for my son for Christmas. He loves Peppa Pig! They came in a timely manner and were exactly what I expected them to be. They were made well and looked like they can hold up to my 2 year olds playfulness. I am happy with the product.
Won't be Disappointed  I have been doing my research on HDTV's for about a year and a half until finally coming across this TV.  I have a 32" Toshiba Flat screen tube TV that I have had for about 4 years and I still love it for what it is used for.  I have the 46XF550U hooked up to a Denon AVR 1908 and a Sony Blu-Ray player w/ Polk Audio 5.1 surround.  I put in Dark Knight on Blu Ray and any of my worries about this TV melted away, the picture is absolutely amazing, colors are bright, blacks are true. For the price you won't find a better TV (trust me I have looked). Not only in the picture quality but the sound with out the surround is actually pretty good. Also another high point that turned me on to Toshiba 4 years ago is how easy the set up and functionality of the remote control is, that still holds true with this TV.  The big box electronics stores in my area don't even carry this model and if they did I highly doubt they could do this good on the price. It's awesome you will NOT be disappointed!
Very impressed.  Before I get into the plush toy itself, let me say that the speedy delivery was quite the surprise. I was honestly thinking I had to wait a week or two before I got him, but no! He came within a couple of days, much to my delight. Now, I'm a huge fan of Bleach, and Ulquiorra Schiffer is my all time favorite character. I love his style, his unique views on the world, and just his overall character. So when I saw this, owning this plush was the first thing on my mind. The price was fair enough, so why say no? When I finally got him, I was blown away. He looks magnificent! The material used to make his hollow fragment has a rougher feel to it than the other materials used for the rest of his body, giving it that boney feel to it. And speaking of his hollow fragment, I must say it was put together very well! I was having my doubts at first, but those were put to rest. While I love this plush toy, there are a few nit picks I have to point out. Not only is his left arm sewn into his pocket, but they didn't even give him an actual left hand. On mine at least, the bottom of his shoes are made with different materials so it looks kinda weird. And while they were nice enough to give him his hollow hole, I wish that they could have given him his 4 on his chest. But if those are my only gripes with this, I'm still very impressed with this! I would definitely recommend it to any Bleach fan, and to any fan of Ulquiorra.
Loved Elmo right out of the box -- at 62  Loved Elmo right out of the box -- at 62, still have a soft spot for especially soft Gund toys -- and this is soft and adorable.  Hated to wrap it back up for my two year old grandson for Christmas -- but happy I did.  After balls were bounced, and trucks were driven, this was his choice to carry around the rest of the day. Perfect size and floppiness for a two year old. And his Mom was particularly pleased I didn't get any of the annoying "tickle me" or talking Elmos.
Pooh Bear 13 inch Plush toy  This is the softest Pooh Bear I've encountered yet.  My granddaughter loved seeing him and grabbed right ahold of him for her birthday, just as soo as she saw him.  I see quality stitching and some beans in the toes & hands to help stablize him when he sits for her.  He's cuddly and wonderful in the eyes of my granddaughter.
Muppets are Back  A new generation has discovered the Muppets and have taken to the characters as we did so long ago.  These plush figures are beautifully made and will hold up to the most adoring child.  Beware of small parts: these figures are not for children who are still in the mouthing everything age.
Smaller than expected
Granddaughter will love it. Loves watching the trolls  It was so cute. Granddaughter will love it. Loves watching the trolls
My great grandson will love this.
I love this  10/10 do recommend! If you're a huge fan of Lucario and Mega Lucario, you will love this. So adorable.
Very cute itty bitty  I love this. Bought one for my sons girlfriend as well.
... daughter who has slept with a pink penguin exactly like this that we had purchased at a zoo  Bought this for my daughter who has slept with a pink penguin exactly like this that we had purchased at a zoo.  This year we could not find one there and thank goodness I was able to find it through Fiesta on Amazon.  It is the same good quality and the price was quite affordable for a plush of this size.
Vey cute toy, fun if you understand it.  This is a response to a few of the negative reviews. It's true Elmo doesn't sing the words to any songs, but he sings the melody to things like "Mary had a little lamb" etc. Somebody also complained that he only sings one "la" each time you press his tummy. That's by design, because each press opens his mouth. That way it appears he's singing.  This toy is made to simulate the real Elmo, the puppet, who despite being a Sesame Street staple for decades, is only technically 3 years old. Let me repeat that: Elmo is three years old. I don't know how many 3 year olds have an extensive repotoire of songs, but I'm confident many sing "la la la" in lieu of words.  I bought this for my 1 year old son, and he loves it. He even "picked it" over another Elmo doll. This one is great, big fan of how it really approximates the feel of a puppet. Don't hate, this is a great toy.
I LOVE this stuffed rottie  I LOVE this stuffed rottie!!!  I have a Therapy Dog, a rottweiler named ROSIE, who visits Special Needs classes.  I give students, teachers, & friends (each) a loveable pup to cuddle & treasure!  GREAT stuffed animal!  It is beautiful, soft, cuddly.  PERFECT.  Price is very reasonable.
I love llama llama and so does my 2 year old daughter. She has had llama llama for about a year and he is still in great condition.  My only complaint is that my daughter took off llama llama's pajamas and the  stuffed bear became unattached. The bear is small so I am afraid we are going to lose it. I wish there was velcro or something to keep it attached.
Great gift  Bought it for a friend who expressly requested a tardigrade. She loved it.
Well made, my nephew loves them!
I love this. It looks very nice.
My daughter loves these. The threads came apart on the Mummy after a wash but a quick needle and thread and she was back to cuddling Babo.
Its perfect!  Love it!
good quality and also cute
he is just as mean as in the movie
Great Item  It was better than I expected it to be. I love it so much!! and it came in the mail in less than 3 days
RELAXER  MY GRANDSON LOVE IT [ THE THIRD I BUY
I love this little bunny  I love this little bunny. Believe it or not I'm a grown woman and I bought it for myself! It is so soft and cuddly and makes the perfect addition to my bedtime :)
Loved it!  I purchased this for my grandsons 2nd birthday.  He loves Buzz. He loved it. It's very soft and plush. Buzz looks realistic soft and large yet easy for a 2 year old to carry.
cute plushy kid loved it
Great Wine Glasses  Awesome glasses.  I first had them at a wine tasting at Castello di Verrazzano in Tuscany.  I purchased these and the larger glass for big bold reds.  The ridges help aerate the wine.  Well constructed, and very classy.
Very happy! A lot larger than I expected and very sturdy!
The Furby Goes Boom!  The Furby BOOM is the second generation of the new versions of the Furby. They come in many cool colors and designs such as pink/polka dots, black white/zig zag, teal/peacock, etc. Furby's Boom technological features have also advanced been upgraded quite a bit since the previous version. The Furby Boom still comes equipped with led eyes that change shapes based on their expressions, moods and overall needs. You can customize your Furby's personality/attitude by how you treat him, this is not as simple or predictable as it sounds and the Furby Boom has twice as many responses as the original so it ensures that each Furby Boom will be unique to their owner and it's fun to watch over time. Some of the things you can do with your Furby are Feed him (with or without the Furby App), tickle him, Shake him, pull his tail (which now also works as a default sleep mode), play him music and so much more.  My 6yr old loved her Furby but eventually over time and excessive play she wore it out so we bought her this one and she flipped out she was so excited! Her little 3yr old brother loves it as well and it keeps them both entertained for ages. The age is recommended for 6+ but the Furby Boom is extremely well built and quite durable, as long as you take care of them they would be the perfect entertainment for any child ages 3-16 so the Furby Boom would make a great gift for any child, boy or girl, young or teen.  And yes he burps!  App Info Update*: As of November 3rd 2013 The Furby Boom App and original Furby app is  compatible with both Apple Ipod's or Ipads and Android Systems. To download on Android tablets/phones just go to the Google Store. The App has lots of really cool new features such as collecting and hatching virtual Furblings (babies) to fill your city. You can raise virtual Furblings and play games together also create virtual food, furby checkups, showers and more.
Great product, but I think I bougt from a scalper.  It's cute, it's sturdy, and small. Its just big enough to cuddle but not so large as to be obnoxious if you have limited space to keep things like this. The box is even small to save space but not crush the plush.  I was admittedly surprised to find out that this was the European version meant for Toys R. Us upon arrival of the shipment. My delight was tinged by disappointment that I probably bought from a scalper who snapped them up for the purpose of marking up the price.
She is PERFECT   Mikasa Plush is so cute 
Granddaughter Love the Monkey. Went well with her broken elbow.
my friend loved it!  So cute...my friend loved it!! Nice size & wonderful colors. Lazy eyes with bow on head are sweet!
Super adorable stuffed animal  Super adorable stuffed animal. It's actually a good size too. By the picture I imagined it to be the size a typical benie baby, fairly small. It's not too much higher larger but larger then the picture. Very soft as well.
kids loved it
given as a gift.
Cute FNAF Funko  We love FNAF! This is by far one of our favorite plushies. Product arrived on time. Perfect condition . Genuine with tags.
Its a keeper!  Daughter freaking loves Poppy, so this has been a huge hit. Even has been washed (on low, no drying) and its exactly the same!
My grandsons love this toy, I'll be buying another one so they don't fight over it!
this is a great buy  we have had this since july. it is great stitching, great materials, and my daughter loves it and the size is perfect
Perfect gift
Perfect  Not too small & not too big perfect size for my 2 year old nephew. He loves sparky, this meet my expectations
OLAF!!  Any kids would love this! I loved it! My daughter and her friends fawned all over it! It was the coolest birthday present!
Yoo-Hoo!  Peekaboo is the cutest character on BabyFirst TV. My grandson laughs out loud when he plays with him. He hides him and pretends he does not know where he hid him.  So soft and just the right size for a toddler to give a full body hug to.
Very cute
kids love her
Even nicer than pictured  Super cute & very soft.
Good quality. Arrived ahead of schedule  Good quality.  Arrived ahead of schedule.
This product is very cute and very soft. He is made out of felt material which does seem kinda cheap but it is very durable material. He is perfect for someone who is obsessed with Black Butler  as myself. The seller was very nice and timely and efficient. I will use this seller to buy the Ciel cow eventually. I would recommend this seller and product to anybody.
My daughter is very pleased with her gift!  My daughter asked for this and just loves it.  It is soft and seems well made.
Loved the Scottish highland cow  It's really cute and plush
Thank you
Great quality. Quick service. My grandson loves it.
great buy!  i loved the moogle from final fantasy great stuffed animal.very detailed and happy with it.
Excellant  Grand Daughter loved it.
... to get to my house and at it a great gift to fans of Naruto  It didn't take long to get to my house and at it a great gift to fans of Naruto.
It is the perfect size stuffed animal  My daughter loves this Sven. It is the perfect size stuffed animal. The quality is excellent.
Worth it for your Harry Potter fan!  I cringed at the price when I purchased this--all this for a stuffed toy!--but my eight-year-old daughter, the Harry Potter geek, absolutely loves this Buckbeak. He stands guard over her bed every night.
My daughter loves this puppet! She named him NoodlePuss and loves to make him talk and dance. Even I get to work him and make him do silly things. Great puppet and a ton of fun for kids of any age.
Would buy again  Bought this for my 2 year old daughter and she loves it, its the cutest toy ever.
Love  Daughter loves to play with this and makes finding binkey a lot easier!
Very Fun  The sounds make this bird...the kids love 'flying' him through the air and role playing with each other.  Definitely a great buy for any young kid
... my Grand Babies have a Silly Buddy and they love them!  All of my Grand Babies have a Silly Buddy and they love them!
So cute!  Looks just like the picture and is extremely soft. I don't see one thing wrong with it!
Woody is a hit with 4-year old granddaughter  My 4-year old granddaughter screamed with delight when she received Woody on Christmas morning.  In fact, she stopped opening presents long enough to put Woody in her bed before continuing with more presents.  I liked the fact that the hat is attached to Woody's head.
Got this for my son when my husband left to train. He loves it and cuddles it all of the time. We call it Itty Daddy.
My grandchildren love their fawns!  So soft and adorable!
Love the music, love the story, love it all.
Tweety is sweeter than the pic  Better than the picture in the advertisement! So plush and sweet to hold. It's sure to be a hit with the gift recipients!
It's great
Now my daughter thinks that scary monsters are stuffed animals.
a Kirby plush that actually looks like Kirby. Soft and huggable  At long last, a Kirby plush that actually looks like Kirby. Soft and huggable, everything you can want.  The only bad thing I can think to say is that it might seem a little small but that's really it.
Adorable  Adorable, my daughter loves it!
Outstanding product! My son sleeps with it every night!
Cutest Jiji Plush Around!  He is made of nice material and looks good for a great price. Still in good standing even though my cat continuously attacks it for some reason.
Adorable!  Just as shown. Adorable!
If you love South Park youll love this  i bought for my son who loves south park , he is verry happy with it. he don't throw it around so quality has not been tested but looks great
Wonderful toy.... Granddaughter loves the interactivity.
GF wanted it  Girlfriend loves Domo - so I got her the "normal" one, and this Nerd one as a bonus, I'm a geek, so I thought it was funny, she loved them both.
Soft, cute puppy  I bought this little puppy as a stocking stuffer for my 16-month old son's Christmas gift.  He hasn't really taken a whole lot of interest in it yet.  I think its really cute though.  I make the puppy bark and play with him with it.  Our dog got hold of it, so it went into the washing machine.  I really didn't care if the barking mechanism still worked after being washed, but it still barks.  It's only been washed once, but I would think after multiple washes the puppy would stop barking. (The instructions on the tag says: Surface wash, cold water, mild suds, air dry.  I prefer to toss it in the washing machine & dry on low or air dry.)  Overall, I would recommend this little toy for a baby or toddler (its so soft).
Soft, colorful and fun!  I really love this doll, and so does my daughter! It is quite nice in person and feels very well made. The big round head is the most prominent feature and is full of character and is very soft and fuzzy to the touch. The outfit is also very elaborate. I love the cape and the quilt. Its a big, showy fun doll that is so huggable we just may have to get more from the collection.
WE LOVE THIS!!! IT IS AMAZING AND SOFT AND AWESOME!!
kirby  Bought this for my granddaughter's birthday.  She picked it out and ask granddad to order it for her.  She is totally happy with the plush doll.
So soft and cute, kupo!  This precious little guy came home sooner than expected, and was much bigger than I assumed! He's extra large, almost the size of my entire torso. Great size for lots of cuddling. The material he's made out of is soft and huggable but not outrageously fluffy, so I have no worries about him shedding. He is properly stuffed and does not feel lumpy anywhere or squishy in some places but not others. He looks just like Mog from Dissidia and I'm honestly to excited and happy to have him! Just looking at how cute he is fills me with joy. A must buy for Dissidia fans or FF series fans in general!
... it is just as described by the seller completely pleased and happy  This plush toy completes a set thank you guys  it is just as described by the seller completely pleased and happy
Granddaughter is 23 months old and really into buckles and fasteners, she loves this toy.
Perfect present!!  My son loves his meta knight!! His sword has came off more than once, but that's just because he's played with so often. Great plush for any fan!!
my son love it. recommend it to anybody for you toddlers or kids ages3-5
Original Disney  Great stuffed toy. Has the original DISNEY logo on one of its fin. Purchase it and gave it as a gift. The kids who have seen the movie... loves them. Trust me.
Nephews BFF  Eyes are sewn on, not plastic that can break like the larger ones.  Soft, cuddly, and my nephews favorite,  so we keep them on hand for "trade out" when needed.
Nice Plush, But Not Officially Licensed Product  My son really likes this plush and it looks good.  Purchasers should be aware that is isn't an officially licensed product.
Excellent
DAUGHTER LOVES IT!  DAUGHTER LOVES IT!
Incredible!  Definitely went beyond expectations!  Perfectly wrapped, colors are vibrant, the plush is soft, well detailed and shiny.  Highly recommend for anyone who would like to buy this!!!
Cute Elmo!  So cute and soft!  Good quality.
Granddaughter loves this!
it was perfect
Great
Love it!
It was a great buy.  I ordered these for my son's graduation.  They were exactly what I was looking for.  My wife took the stickers and stuck them on the bottom of Kisses, Rolo candies and hard candies.  They fit perfectly. Everyone at his party thought they were "cool".  It was a great buy.
Great  Cute, as Pikachu should be. He was an addition to a collection and not purchased for a toy or anything like that. Good quality stitching and everything is correct. A good buy!
order  cute, quick delivery
Cute!  Cute monkey!  Very soft and lovable.  It will definitely be a keepsake in our home.  Would recommend for all little girls.
Awesome daughter loves it!
a must-hug  Heu looks tough but is really a softy. He might be compensating for being not-so-tough pink. You might know someone like Heu Googeuy. Warning: He is irresistibly cute. But...how do you pronounce his name?
Purchased for my daughter she loves it, very cute.
my son loves this toy, its very soft and huggable!!!
Very cute!
Official Minecraft Overworld Plush Figure SET of 4  MInecraft, what a silly game it is, but I have a fan of that game here , so I bought them the characters of it, top go along with their enjoyment of the game
Very happy with product thank you!
the force is strong  Love this little guy, it goes great with the others I have for my one year olds birthday
A top hit  with the grandkids.  our granddaughter loved it. very soft. arrived even a few days early.
very cute
Love it  My son Loved it everything he expected it to be and more now he wants more of the other characters.....
I purchased these for a daycare setting and I love them. The kids are pretty hard on them and they have not chipped or been damaged in anyway.
Huge hit with the kids.  Great for end-of-the party giveaway items for ages 4-14. Huge hit.
and she was a very good girl all year  Santa Claus got this for my 5 year old daughter. Her Christmas list was short, detailed, and she was a very good girl all year. I was so pleasantly surprised to be able to type in "Purple Stuffed Animal Unicorn" and have one pop up.
Another great plush from Tomy!  I bought this Pikachu plush from the Pokemon: Symphonic Evolutions souvenir stand. At $45 I knew I was over-paying for this plush. What I didn't know was that the plush would be worth the high price anyway (so at Amazon prices it's a steal)! This pika is super soft and cuddly, made of minky fabric and stuffed very well. The eyes are fabric with embroidered highlight, same with the cheeks. The nose is embroidered as well, and there is thread-sculpting in the face to perfectly define the snout. This Pikachu's pose is cuter than most others in my opinion, I much prefer closed-mouth plush and the tilted ear really gives this guy personality! The fingers and toes are stitched. The only gripe I have is that if you're one who likes to un-tack pikachu's tail so it flops around freely, you'll see that it's upside down. This isn't really a huge issue and doesn't take away from the overall quality of the plush. I'd definitely recommend this plush for any pokemon fan. It seems pretty sturdy so I'm sure it'd make a great partner for any young trainer!
Great for my elmo lover!
just perfect!  what a sweet lil guy this is! this is for shwer gift where mom is decorating in elephants.
Great!  This plush is just as big as it states. It's about the size of an adult palm, as it the diameter is as wide as a palm, not that it fits in your palm. It is made of good quality material and the sword is stiff so it will not fall over. The feet have large bases so the whole plush is sturdy, and the cape does not seem to be flimsy either. I bought this as a gift, and would definitely recommend it. It's really cute and stronger than it looks.
It came in good condition just a little bending on the bag
Definitely a good buy.  I was really excited to get this in the mail. The height is as stated, and it looked exactly like the picture, which who wouldn't be happy about that. The materials seem to be good quality since it has kept all it's stitching nicely and hasn't rip at all since having it. It's so soft and cute, definitely a good buy.
Perfect for any FNAF fan  Foxy is my 6 year olds favorite FNAF character so she was ecstatic when she got this for her birthday. Very well made and extremely soft which makes it perfect for her to sleep with. Looks exactly like the plushies from the game. Price is a little high, but I think for the quality and the lack of FNAF products out there it's not too bad. If you have a huge fan of this game, they will love it!
Freddy's quality nothing to be scared about...  My 11 year old loves FNAF. He loves this bear. I'm glad I went with the official licensed because it's very well packaged and the stitching is durable.
Made well.
Quick delivery Very soft and cuddly
Beautiful plush  My kid and I love the game, great characters, good materials and also included blade, better in a major size!, but very nice plush.
very cute St. Patrick's leprechaun... well made.
So soft!!!!! Came faster than expected
Beautiful Bunny  I love Peter Bunny and the  stories.  I got this for my Granddaughter so she could hold Peter while I tell her Nana's  bunny stories. She loves this well made and detailed little bunny.
Just like the picture. It's the best Praire Dog we could find online, and the recipient loved it, too!
Perfect size for toddlers and little kids.
Very Cool!  My 9 year old son loved it and said it was larger than he anticipated that it would be. The wings have wire in them and are pose-able, so very cool!
loving this pooh:)  Absolutely adorable and super huggable cutie pie! Really love this pooh he is very soft and good sized.  His ears crinkle and he is very well made. Winnie the pooh lovers of all ages will appreciate him.
Cute but small!
Evil Purple Minions!  Its a purple people eater minion! Very cute and cuddly. Well made stuffy that is a huge hit with my daughter and her friends. Everyone should have one - not scary at all!
Snivy plush  It was very soft and adorable!! Its just a bit smaller than i thought but not too small:) a little pinch of stuffing was coming out of a tiny it was a very easy fix! I don't regret it! I love my snivy so much!
Daughter loves Let's Imagine Elmo!  She takes it everywhere, loves changing the hats and even sleeps with it!  Received this toy as a promotion through Playskool.
Great mini power tools  The impact is great for drilling, even though they say not to use it to just drill.  Impact only).  The drill is powerful and last a long time with the Li-ion batteries.  The charger was the only thing that die on me.  I had to replace it after 2 years of use.  But all in all very easy to use and I just love the built in lights on each power tools.  I used when I was hanging kitchen cabinets.  Or any light heavy duty drilling.  You will see how easy they become your only cordless tool.
Quality Plushy!  My son absolutely loved this plushy!  It is quality and can withstand a 5 year old's rough play. I would definitely recommend.
very good product recommended 100 %
The clamp is adjustable and works great.
Wonderful product. Fast Delivery!!
So cuddly!  This is a wonderfully soft toy that is just the right size for my 15 month old daughter to cuddle and carry around with her all day!  Now the color is not an eye-popping bright red, but it is certainly not pink as some other reviewers have mentioned.
Happy grandson  My grandson loves Barney...he was so excited to sing along with Barney, only downfall I wish the music button was in Barney palm would be easier for my 15 month old to press the button for Barney to sing, in the tummy area the button tends to move all over the place and you have to search for it...
My son loved it and we received it sooner than expected
Exactly what we were looking for.  The kids love it.  Make sure to buy directly from Amazon to get a fair price. Don't get price gouged by 3rd party sellers.
Ew it's stinky Urahara!  Cute plush, whatever! ^_^
My 7 year old daughter has absolutely loved it!  Very cute seahorse! My 7 year old daughter has absolutely loved it!!!
Good buy for chocobo  Bought this for a co-worker. It is a decent size and works for what I wanted.  I have no concerns with this product.
awesome  It was exactly what it was supposed to be. :) It even came in a plastic ornament type package. love it.
very nice for collection of my children.
Excelent
Super cute sloth stuffed animal  Super cute sloth stuffed animal! Couldn't be happier, not really for playing with but great for looks. The material sheds a little so might not be good for kids to play with, but it's so beautiful I love it!!
grandson loves it  I bought for my grandson he is into Mario really heavy & all the characters on it.
my little nephew loved. I like playing with him with it.
Love this Boo!  I just love Boo & this plush is Adorable!!!
Well made!  Adorable! And flawless! Which was definitely quite a surprise, however a pleasant surprise. I had the initial thought that for $20 I might not be getting the best product I could. But once it arrived I realized quickly, I was wrong. And on too of that, I bought it as a present for my girlfriend and she absolutely adores the little guy! Well made and adorable!,
Waluigi  This plush is amazing and bigger than I thought
Super cute.  She is too awesome for words dressed up as Demon. Her mask is glittery which I couldn't tell from the photos but it just adds that much more personality to her costume.  The cape she wears is a little loose but if it's not ment for play then it's quite alright. She looks incredible, but deff something I wouldn't play with.  She fits perfectly in with the rest of my collection. Can't wait to add her "band mates" with her.
So adorable this litte Groot is so soft and small my friend loved it and that's all that matters
cute toy  So cute for a young child.  Washed without pilling or shedding.  The toy is about the size of an actual guinea pig (as least it's as big as ours).
beautiful!  I used it as a centerpiece for my baby shower and I loved it! High quality
Loved!  Very soft and no plastic. 18 month old daughter loves him so much we had to buy a replacement when we lost him for a few days. Great size.
Very tiny and cute
Daisy  I got this plushie today.. She is alot smaller than I expected but she is happy now b/c she is with Princess Peach and Luigi :)
My son love it
Kids will love  Great toy that lasts through many ages. From a one year old to a 6 year old at my house!
I absolutely love this little Jigglypuff and so does my Niece
My Grand Daughter was very pleased with it.
Cute!  Cute as expected!
Sanei officially licensed Super Tanooki 8" Mario Plush, small  I choose this rating because its a beautiful teddy. I liked it arrived in perfect condition, no wear or tear at all I'd recommend it to Mario fans of any age
The two grandkids loved it.
Great toy!
Cutest Plushies i own.  Came a week earlier than expected was so excited! They're so cute! They came with a little bag with pikachu on it as well :D
For Viola  Viola says that Stitch crushes her heart.  What she means is that she has a crush on Stitch.  She can take or leave Lilo, but she loves Stitch!  And this Stitch stuffed animal made her VERY happy!  Now she can hug him and love him just like Lilo!
Great toy  Opening it on Christmas was great the moment I saw it I loved it nice and big and huggable and it's one of my favorite toys so love it and buy it
Happy Grandchild  My grandson is 9 mos. old, and he loves his llama in the red pajamas...we are now shopping for red pj's for him to wear too!
Very cool looking and cute  Bought this for a friend of mine who likes owls.  She's 29 and loves it.  It meshed very well with her decor.
Larger than you expect!  My son loves this dragon.  It's larger than you expect...  He's a huge Minecraft fan and couldn't be more pleased.  This was a definitely score.
So cute!  I love it!!! It fits perfectly on top of my small bookcase and looks adorable!
Super soft and good quality.  Super soft even after several washings. The little Joey doesn't come out and is sewn in, and I thought that would annoy me (as my son's other Kangaroo has a Joey attached by a string), but I've actually come to prefer this one with the non removable Joey. This stuffed animal has held up well through going to daycare everyday and is still as soft as the day we got him.
Adorable!  It was one of my daughters birthdays, we had gotten her a much larger size Peppa, about 13.5 in size. My other daughter, they are exactly 18 months apart was a little upset as she loves Peppa too. So, I had bought this for her as a gift for the older sister of the birthday girl. She LOVES it! It's soft, slightly larger than regular beanie bag toys. Only thing is, the attached wand in Peppa's hand came undone after only opening the box 2 hours later. I was upset, but my daughter is still so very happy!
Love it!  VERRY VERRY HAPPY with this purchase and at a affordable price too! It was the hightlight in my friend's birthday giftbasket.
Looooove it  So cute and fluffy!!
If you love Gir, you should buy this!  Looks exactly as shown in photos, soft and cuddly, great product!
He loved it.
Thanks so much
So happy   Love them, they look just like the pictures and aren't knockoffs. They're also SUPER soft and cuddly. Can't wait to give them to my daughter for her birthday!
nice product!  nice product!
Super cute and genuine  Super cute and genuine. I got exactly the same product in the picture. I'm very happy with this plush..cheaper than buying at an anime convention.
Id buy more  Mines a little differnet than the picture, it's like domestic violence purple and the little appendage off it is flipped opposite of the picture.  However it's very soft to the touch and seems to be a sturdy well made stuffy.
Nothing i had imagined.  I got this plush today in the mail for my little sister's Christmas present. It was supposed to get to my house yesterday but it got delayed by one day somehow but it was worth the wait. When i opened it to wrap it up for christmas, I couldn't believe my eyes. The plush was nothing i was expecting. It was firm and it was well made. I might get one for myself later.  If you are a Domo fan get it NOW!
Cute  I love this scarab.  Goes nicely with the the stuffed Bastet I purchased at the same time.
ordered one rec'd two  my granddaughter loves it to bad I had an issue with this product being mailed 2x  double billed it was a mess received  on same day 2 dolls
Gave to my little sister. She loves it.
I bought this for christmas last year, and it's held up great! I put it on my tree as an ornament and now I have it hung on my wall! The material is great, she is well made, it's a well rounded plush! Erza is my fav character and I am glad I bought her!
Perfect!
Great for the kids!  Fast shipping! My daughter loves her Stretchkins!
I bought this as a gift for my husband because he loves sheep. He absolutely loves it. I didn't think it was going to be so small but it's adorable. It would make a great gift for a baby or a young child as well. Only downside is that you cannot wash it due to the noise machine inside that makes it "baaaa" when you squeeze it. Other than that we love it!
Excellent and in.perfect condition
Gooood
It's huge! Got it for my boyfriend and he loves it. The base color is a bit off from the traditional Pokemon Marowak
These people are great!  They back their product.  He is really, really a cute replica of Charizard.
As described.
As pictured.  My four yr old son loooves his mario!!
Small but cute  I love him, much small than I expected but still, what a cute product, love this character so much!
Quality is good, they're soft and stuffed well  Ordered for a friend, came with tags on and wrapped in a plastic bag. Quality is good, they're soft and stuffed well. Very cute!
A PERFECT FIND!!  Our daughter recently lost her family dog and it's been very hard for her. So, we decided to replace her with a stuffed one until she's ready to get a new puppy. So, as I was looking online to see what I could get her I stumbled across this adorable stuffed animal she can sleep with! So, I bought it for her. When she got it she was so excited, and let me tell you, she cuddles with it every night!! A perfect find!!
he was working great..  thank you..... he was working great....how do I send back the one that has a broken nose?
the grand boys became He Man as soon as they received the sword
More fun than we expected  We gave these to two Little Girls.  They don't dance, of talk, or fart.  HOWEVER, we had a really good time devising different Hair Styles, and going, "Blaaaagh!!  PFFpTTT!" at one another.  Imagine, Mohawk, Leif Garrett, Don King, Lady Gaga, (etc) hair do's !  HA!  Start by giving them a good, sound shaking!  Darn the Hairstylists!! Full Speed Ahead!! Make some simple fun, and hear little girls laugh!  It cures all ills!!
She love the buckles some are harder then others, which is good.
Cute and perfect size for a toddler
Came on time and was exactly as described.
Great toy!  It was exactly what I expected!
Fun and entertaining toy  Fun and entertaining toy! Also glad that is has an on/off switch. My little cousin is three, and this toy had him mesmerized. That laughing can be a bit much, but I just told him that doggy was sleeping, and he went with it. Definitely worth it!
Perfect!!  Arrived yesterday and it is perfect. Can't wait to give it to my granddaughter for her second birthday. Sle loves Barney and is going to love being able to hear him sing.
It is wonderful, soft and just the right size to leave around the house when you want to be somewhere else.
Looks exactly like the picture  Looks exactly like the picture! This is one of the cutest Pikachu toys I have ever seen. Size is small, as others have said. But, that is what I was expecting. I really love it.
Toy Story Plush doll  2008 Christmas was yet another year of finding that group of gifts that would put a smile on my little guys face. My wife and I decided that since our 5 year old loved the Toy Story line when he was a couple years old, why not try them out on our 19 month old. This set was wonderfull and everything came packaged well. Shipping was pretty fast considering the holiday rush and our little guy plays with it everyday. It was a wonderfull gift and very sturdy for the little ones in your life.
Cute product  Product arrived incredibly fast,and it's so cute,it's a great addition my collection
It was exactly what I expected  Please see the title of my post.  I didn't want to say anything here but the submit button won't work otherwise.
... child who loves playing with buckles this is a great  If you have a child who loves playing with buckles this is a great toy
Much better than I expected.
Exactly as pictured  And sooooo cute! A great quality plush.
My Grandson love it.
Great toy  My daughter loves these vamplets.  We appreciate the B.A.D program, certificate and bottle of blood you can get with her.  Fun stuff.
Cute gift  Cute little gift for Disney character fans. Well done, nice texture and finish. My niece loved it!
Good Item.  Given as a gift for a grand-child. They loved it. The colors were vivid and the items seemed good quality.
The kids loved the surprise.
so cute and really efficient
Well made, what I expected.
Great Nephew Loves Spider Man!  Another Christmas present.  Great for my 2 year old nephew.  The perfect size for him to carry around the house.
Good quality and a must for dog lovers!  My husband loved these pillow covers. They were a Christmas present to him from our "dog"! We use them in place of decorative pillows on our bed.
Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, too.  This is a very nice, big, soft plush toy.  Bought it for my granddaughter to go with the Winnie the Pooh and Piglet she already has.  The authentic Disney models are a bit pricey but worth it.
Awesome Maui! My grandson will love him  Awesome Maui!  My grandson will love him!  Good quality product, lightning shipping!  Kudos getting to me before Xmas!
just perfect
Love!!  I got this for my grandson who just turned 2. He loves Mickey Mouse and needed something smaller to carry around other than his big blanket. This is just perfect and of course it's Mickey!
Adorable as expected.
Nerdy and Cute  Got this for my friend as part of her Christmas gift. When I saw it, I knew instantly that she would love this. Its adorable, totally nerdy, and hilarious. Her and I were both very pleased. Will probably end up ordering more to amuse myself.
It looks like a female buffalo  It's very cute. It looks like a female buffalo, the way the eyes are.
Very pleased with the product  Quick delivery. Very pleased with the product.
2.5 yr old...  My Great Grandson loves it...age 2 1/2.. carrys it all over
Who doesn't love giant microbes!  Who doesn't love giant microbes!
The dolls' soft bodies and large size make them perfect for toddlers  My 2 year old loves these. The dolls' soft bodies and large size make them perfect for toddlers!
super cute and great quality. My 2 year old son loves them!
cuddly and super cute - my daughter loves it  Soft, cuddly and super cute - my daughter loves it!
love it  I love it so much you won't regret buying it its very soft the fabric is good I even sleep with it every night
good quality and the kids love it  Some of these plush dolls can be a bit overpriced, but this one was only $13.00 and worth it, because it's one of the bigger ones. This one is good quality and the kids love it.
Better than expected very plush and cute. My little boy loves it.
Happy home for Owl  Loved this but not as much as my granddaughter for whom I purchased it for. It is well made and really captures the likeness of the wise owl from the beloved Winnie the Pooh series. Very satisfied with this purchase!
Good price  This was a nice present to my friend and it was worth every penny.
Very excited
Love the size and I can take it anywhere  It's cute!!! Love the size and I can take  it anywhere. It also came qick. Thank you
Great for Collapse of Civilization  My husband and I bought this when we were assembling our Zombie/Tidal Wave/Economic Collapse/Rapture/Apocalypse/3 Days 3 Ways kit so that we would be prepared when our energy bars, looting, and foraging options ran out. We live in Seattle, where sea and land birds are plentiful, and in the case of longer term disaster, I bet there will be a lot of small animals running around after awhile (everyone here owns a dog!).  So far we are very satisfied with this net, having practiced some throws in our living room. I'm confident that we could get a pigeon or seagull with ease. Not sure, but I think we may have to add a couple of weights to the outside just to make sure nothing flies away with it. We could get more distance out of our throws and have an easier time catching birds, although the ones around here are fat and lazy and usually trust humans. I wanna give a big thanks to all the park-bench-sitting bird-feeding old people out there. Y'all are definitely going to make our lives easier in our upcoming post-apocalyptic future!  The small size originally gave me pause but, upon reflection, it is actually one of the great advantages of this product. When we reach the point where we have nothing but our utility belts and backpacks as we make our way across a ruined cityscape, it can be easily wrapped up in a small bundle and attached to a snap loop for easy access and instant kills. A larger net would not afford this option so easily. We won't have the time to stop and wait for prey, or slowly stalk it through deserted parks while keeping a close eye out for zombies/mercenaries/vigilantes/mutants/gangs.  I am also pleased with the construction of the backyard safari net. It's made of rip-stop nylon, so I can be assured that stray beaks, claws, and teeth will be less likely to damage it with frequent use. This also means it won't be absorbing any messy fluids and will be very easy to wash and quickly dry, a must for those picky about sanitation, even while on the road searching out other humans who may have also survived.  I rated it lower for educational value because there wasn't much in the way of instructions included. A general  guide to lizards, birds, and small mammals and some field dressing or cooking tips would have really been useful.  I also love the Lizard Hunter merit badge (so cute!) and have attached it to my backpack.
Son loved this!  My son loved this toy. Spoke phrases like it was suppose to. It is still going strong and he took it around with him everywhere when we first got it and we've had it quite a while.
Dave the Zombie  Our 10 year old daughter saw this in a magazine and wanted it. It was a surprise gift at xmas. She is into the zombie thing and loves this toy. It is really cool and durable. It is exactly what we hoped it would look like.
chemipure is excellent.  This product worked as advertised.  We would buy it again without hesitatioin.  I would say you can trust the advertised function.
As expected
Great  Thanks
Made with excellent material and durable.
Fluttershys new home!  My fluttershy is awesome she's so cute! It was a few days before the delivery date so double awesome! Anyways she feels just the same as all the other 4th dimension plushies, thank you!
Wonderful surprise  I ordered this for my daughter, and she loved it.  It was bigger than I expected, and so soft.  It arrived right on time.  It really made her day extra special.  Thank you so much, and the price was terrific.
Softest toy ever. I bought it as a gift and almost didn't give it up.
Goodness!!!  I got this for my girlfriend and she just loves it! It's good quality, looks just as depicted, and arrived a few weeks early!
Loved it  He's adorable. Would buy again :)
Very happy  Great product, just as described.
Frozen fans will love this.
Awesome Gunter  Best Plush Gunter EVER.  Could not be cuter!!! My son LOVES it!!!  Arrived in great shape.  Cuddly and much loved.
cute
I have this taped to my work computer, and it helps me to smile during my workday.
Love it
Good  It was exactly what i expected. Good quality
Super cute emojis!  These little emoji toys are so cute! They're super soft too. I won't lie, I ordered them for me because I love emojis, but my daughters ended up with them, haha. They each have one attached to their backpacks for school. They look exactly like the photo and they have a small loop attached to them so you could hang them up or attach them somewhere. Definitely very cute. Would make great gifts or stocking stuffers!  I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
good price  My Daughter loved it good size and good price
Love!  So adorable and good quality!
My daughter loves this plush size character.
My daughter loves it
Excellent choice  I bought this Totoro based on the picture alone. I was hoping for a good Stuffed Totoro. What I received was an official Studio Ghibli Totoro. I don't buy too many stuffed animals, but this is the best stuffed animal I've ever come across. The feel of the fur from the gray to the white feels different, as it it should. This Totoro feels like what a real life Totoro could feel like. Excellent choice for any Totoro fan. Highly recommended.
One of the most amazing plushies I've ever had.  This was the first, and most amazing plush I ever bought, even though my new Bowser Jr. plush pretty much meets this standard.
Awesome!!  Ordered this for my teenage  daughter,she loved it. It was a great gift,she really liked how all the parts could go anywhere.
perfect!
Fins stay up just fine and the eyes are adorable!
Got it for my wife as a gift - She loves the game
Cute!  I got this for my nephew for his birthday and he loved it! It's a nice size, and very soft!
Good quality
Sooooo cute!
cute cute cute
Got this toy when I went on a trip. He's extremely soft and reminds me of my dog.
It's cool how it's wings are poseable It's cool.
Pleased with all items ordered including Sparkle Anna  Pleased with all items ordered including Sparkle Anna, Frozen Karaoke CD, & Sparkle Elsa.  Most impressed with the quality of the items\ as well as delivery when promised.  The BIG PUMPKIN items & books were ordered a while back.  Happy with them too!
Nice  Excellent! Our little one loved it  He slept with it the first night and used it in many creative ways.
Good stuff  Sent this to our Granddaughter for Easter and she loves it.
I got this sooner than expected very happy
We love it! Very soft and super cute.
The thing is far more adorable than I thought it would be.
great
its really cute and my son loves it
Super cute.  Super cute and quick shipping.
Very cute!  Grandson loves it.  Little smaller than I thought it would be but as long as he is happy then it's fine.
Very happy with it!
Good Deal  Looks just like her!
Great part of the set!
Huge!  This thing is simply awesome. And huge!
Looks just like the picture  Looks just like the picture. Good size. My son has been asking for this for months and he'll be more than happy with it!
Perfect  The size is perfect for my 1 year old nephew.  He loves fish and I know this big plush doll will make him very happy!
What a hit!  Purchased this item for my granddaughter's 6th birthday and she loves it. Takes it everywhere, even to "show and tell"!
Love it!  My 7 year-old daughter plays with this plushy for hours! It came exactly as described. The details are great and it is super soft. Excellent buy!
Too Cute  This is ridiculously cute and soft and looks exactly like the little moogles in game. This was a present for my daughter on her 6th birthday and she hasn't let it out of her sight. Just perfect.
Perfect condition. No complaints.
High quality! So cute and soft!  After reading reviews I was nervous. For $10 this is awesome! So so soft and cute! Looks high quality! The pics don't do it justice! My son loves it! Oh and I love that eye balls are soft and not plastic!
Item just as described.
Timon toy  wonderful
Mudkip!  It's nice a floppy and I really enjoy it
Bread Knife  There is absoluetly nothing to compare with this bread knife except for a Japanese sword.  I use it for cutting Jewish Rye Bread with a hard crust...this knife doesn't know it's cutting through "hard crust".  I keep it in it's sheeth (comes with the knife) when not in use.  I've lived a long time...too bad I didn't know about the product sooner!
Great quality.
Pretty!  Love it!
nice as expected  gf loved her x-mas gift as she loves the movie frozen ... i do wish olaf was cheaper tho ........................
We can't stop here, this is cat country  It's a cat. It's a bus. It's a catbus.  Choo choo! Meow. All aboard.
Rather small and cute.  This Flareon plush can stand in the palm of your hand, and is very soft and cute. Got it as a present for my dad, and he absolutely loved it. It took almost a month to ship, however, and was very late for his birthday... but worth the wait. Well made, great to snuggle with and rub your face all over.
very happy!  very cute. very happy!
one more for my collection
Very Nice  Much better quality then the plushes I've been buying thru eBay from China. Well made.
A very well made plush
Bigger than Expected  Bigger than I thought. I love Fuzzbert!
and the 'fur' isn't like the thin shag carpet Elmo has  Nephew loves it. There are a surprising number of Elmos with hard eyes, some have even appeared brittle and have pictures of them shattering as they break. These eyes are soft, nothing on the plush for a child to hurt themselves with.  It's quite chunky compared to how long and thin Elmo is, and the 'fur' isn't like the thin shag carpet Elmo has, but it looks exactly like the picture and I imagine the thicker limbs are cozier for a kid to hug and snuggle.
perfect
my happiness with my oshawott  I got one iam young and I love him he's he best ever no one top him ever he's the best gift he is falling apart but I love to much I don't just own him and remember him hes forever the best always and he has a lot of friends here and he's super happy and he makes me super happy to and also the fact that he's my favorite ever
My daughter LOVES these. Have gone through about five of them because she loves him so much that Elmo needs to take baths just to get clean.
Great quality and perfect for little prizes  Great quality and perfect for little prizes!  I love the variety and the price was excellent.  They were a tad bit smaller than I expected but are still perfect to hang on a backpack.
We named this guy "Carl" after falling in love with the "Carl" books by Alexandra Day. Super soft too!
So Adorable!  I just ordered Boo on Sunday and he is adorable! This would make a great gift for your girlfriend or child or anyone who loves dogs. His fur is super, super soft, he seems pretty sturdy, and the expression on his face makes you smile just looking at him. Great product!
I love having the stuffed Little Blue Truck to hold while reading to children
My nephew loves this plush! This one was hard to find in stores!
Reindeers are better than people  I gave this doll to my 21 years old girlfriend, and although I now come in second place on her cuddling list this is one of the best gifts I have ever given. Reindeers are better than people, even the pluche ones I guess.
Best plush ever!  I couldn't be happier! This is so realistic and the colors are so vibrant! The only bad thing about this is the wings are smaller than those in the picture, but to me it does not matter this is the best plush that Ive ever bought and the quality is absolutely amazing, I don't see this every coming apart. Cutie marks on both sides!
Adorable stuffed toy. Very pleased with purchase. Fast shipping and well packaged. Thank you.
Cute!  The only thing would make it nicer is if it had come in a gift box  Cute!  The only thing would make it nicer is if it had come in a gift box.  Also, after removing the long pull at the bottom to activate the batteries, it didn't work until I opened the battery compartment and reseated the batteries.  There appears to be enough room for the batteries to jar down with at least one of them loosing contact.  Some thin padding can be added to the battery door to prevent this if it is a problem when the toy is played with.
snuggly vegeta!  the description was perfect he's exactly the size they say he is and the details are all correct I was very excited to get him also he came in really quickly I was impressed.
Daughter loves it
Adorable!  Very cute! I bought it as a gift and they loved it!  The only improvement to make would be magnetic paws :)
Granddaughter carries him around and sleeps with him. Very plush.
My favorite  I bought this item with some others, the quality is amazing the attention for details uff. I will buy from them again Must recommended.
Adorable and perfect for little hands  Adorable and perfect for little hands. I think my 2 and 1/2 year old grandson will love it. We will see on Valentines day.
Love It!!!  My 1 year old niece loves this...face lights of and plays music.
Adorable  This was the perfect stocking stuffer for my Star Wars daughter.  Very silly and lovable.  it is rather small, however.
Two year old granddaughter won't put it down
This is easily the cutest stuffed toy out there  This is easily the cutest stuffed toy out there! No squeaker inside of it but my 6lb toy poodle liked chewing on her hat and tail! Go figure! Its quite small and light enough that my dog had no trouble playing with it! Not the best picture but you can get a good idea of the size!
Very good quality  Very good fabric and the product is finished very well. Its the best plush i have bought here.
A great addition to our Christmas.
10/10  Very big, soft, and good looking.
Loved the plush and the attention to detail!
Fantastic
My two year old loved it and was safe for a young one.
Adorable!!
My son loves tgis annoying little thing
Buckle toy Belle is  a real winner!  Buckle toy "Belle" was a gift for my two year old granddaughter.  She absolutely loved it and within minutes figured out how to match the straps and buckle the buckles.  She has still to learn to unbuckle and is learning her colors and numbers as well.  This learning toy continues to keep her occupied for long periods of time!  Well worth the money.
so soft!  This stuffy is so sweet and soft. LOVE it!
Excellent Quality Plush! Would Highly Recommend!  This is an excellent quality plush. Umbreon is my favourite Pokmon, and I adore his shiny form. I couldn't find any other plushes of his shiny form, or even any normal plushes of Umbreon that were of this high quality. While a bit pricey, the plush itself is totally worth it. I've purchased other regular Umbreon plushes, and none have been as good.  First off, I'll make it clear that this is NOT an official plush licensed by Nintendo or Pokmon. It is made and produced by a company named the OlyFactory. So, if you're expecting an official licensed plush, this is not it, but I'd still recommend it. In fact, I think it's actually better than most licenced Nintendo or Pokmon Center plushes.  Anyway, unlike other Umbreon plushes, this is made with jet-black material instead of dark grey. This is actually one of the main qualities of this plush that made me like it more than others. Umbreon looks more natural and accurate in jet-black instead of grey, and it just makes it look better.  Also, the head is a bit large, round and heavy, but this doesn't bother me too much, as it is actually fitting with the way the body is shaped. I'm not sure if it's a style choice or not, but it still looks good. Some might not like this choice though, so just a warning.  I'd also like to note that the embroidery work is excellent on this plush. The rings on his body are perfect and even circles, and the eyes are excellently made as well. The stitching is also well done. There are no visible flaws in how the plush was sewn.  One of the more important aspects I should mention is that this is a pretty large and heavy plush. Unlike others, the ears and tail are stuffed fully and in a way that makes them stand completely on their own without any flopping. The rest of the plush is stuffed this way too. The legs, head, and body are all stuffed to be thick, strong, and in a way that makes the plush able to stand on its own and remain very sturdy. This is also one great thing I love about this plush.  The plush is amazingly soft and lovable to cuddle with, as should be expected from good plushes.  The seller I bought it from was reliable too. The plush was delivered as expected, was on time, and came in good shape without any damage.  Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase, and would definitely recommend this plush and seller to future customers.  (Note: The tag in the picture is damaged, but it did not arrive like that. I've own this plush for a little while, and the tag is a bit beaten up.)
So cute!!!!  My daughter loved it!!!!
Awesome  Very nice , well built, Hours of fun for any child or adult. Soft and lovable true to movie character
GREAT BUY  VERY beautiful and well made.  Really looks like a Samoyed - great craftsmanship.
My daughter loves it!
Togekiss~  My,My. I just got this a'long with another pokemon Item I purchased yesterday really early today! And when I took a look at Togekiss,I was really impressed. It looks just like it in the picture.:3 It's very cute too,nicely detailed,Very soft yet shiny fabric, embroidered in eyes and mouth.. And the marking on it's tummy are nicely painted in,Don't think they will easily come off,which is good.:)) The plush is also well machine sewn-ed, but when you look at the back of it,you can tell it's hand sewn on,but it's still sewn well! They also machine sewn in the details on the wings and footsies well,I'm really happy at the results on the plush!!<3 I recommend to any pokemon fan and Togekiss fan to purchase this plush before they sell out! Ps- It can also be hang-able due to the string loop on the plush!:D
Great fun!
but feels nice a velvety  Stiff in a way that it holds it's shape, but feels nice a velvety! Bought it for my friend who loves armadillos and I don't regret the purchase at all.
A must have for all Grinch fans! Max is the cutest!
The best ! Thanks !!
Super cute gift  Bought for my nephew at christmas. He takes it EVERYWHERE. Plus it's super super cute.
Excellent quality!
Awesome!!!!  Awesome!!!!! Good quality cloth used. Good stuffing. Nice colors chosen. Well stitched. Very good size to hold and play. My kid loved it!!!
awsome  These cables cut out all of the car intreference noise. These are a great great buy!  I will buy them for every stereo I do.
Feel Me Fish  This was an excellent toy for my 3 month old. She puts it in her mouth and constantly touch the fish fins and soft body. The toy preforms as it should.
Perfect and speedy!  I needed this as a specified gift for a Christmas charity and was thrilled that the turnaround time was so quick! I was "tickled" with my simple, plain ol' perfect Elmo!
My 2 year old loves these!  They are a great size for little hands and the quality for the price is awesome!  The only downside is that if you want to complete the collection with the other two characters, those will run you much more!
Great.  Looked just like the picture. He really enjoys playing with it.
Very Nice, Plush Dean Hardscrabble  It is very soft to the touch and my daughter is slowly collecting the entire Monsters collection.  This is a very nice addition.
A gift!  This is a gift but it looks and feels wonderful through the package,
i bought it for my granddaughter and she love it
Great plush!  My son loves his Waluigi plush.  He is very rough with all of his plushes and Waluigi is still in good shape.
like it
Cuteeeeee  These are the cutest plush toys ever! They are true to the picture and true to description! My son absolutely loved them! I think that any kid interested in this game will enjoy adding these plush's to their collection. I received this item at a discount for my honest review.
Great for Halloween in your plants.
Good quality
My sister loves it
Soft and cuddly!  Fantastic quality! I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this wonderful plush. She has a weighted bottom to allow her to sit up straight. The seams are not visible or ugly like other reviews suggest. She is quite soft and cuddly, and my girlfriend loves sleeping with her. Definitely worth the price and wait.
It was alot bigger than I expected and great quality.  My daughter loves this doll, she takes it literally everywhere she goes. It was alot bigger than I expected and great quality.
Cute and cuddly  My grandson loved this -
Just what we expected!
Love it!
A little smaller than I thought it would be,  A little smaller than I thought it would be, but just the right size for my 6 yr old
Lovely version of Best Princess  Terrific Luna plushie, and a nice fit size-wise with the Funko Mane Six.  A must for the brony collector but she's a bit fragile for kids' play.
CUTE  THE BABY LOVE IT
cute  cute
CUTE  Comparable to prices offered at our local Disney store, but a little smaller (which I liked).  Cute, cute, cute & the hit of my son's birthday party!
Great deal! Snuffy looks just like the character from Sesame Street! He's so soft! His fur sheds a little at first but once we washed him, no more shedding & came out beautifully! He's way bigger than expected too, the description says 14 inches but but that's just how tall he is, he's really full & big around & his tail & trunk add even more to him! It's hard to explain, lol . He's just way bigger all the way around than you would expect! We're very happy with our purchase! He's awsome!!
cute!  Love this toy. I got it for my 9 month old niece and she is over the top happy with it...she actually cries when we take it away lol. It sings, and lights up it's perfect for those little ones that are curios. I would recommend this toy to anybody that has a baby or toddler.
Great first stuffed toy  Having no hard pieces, this made a great first stuffed toy for my 18mo old to sleep with.  It's also a great size for him to hold and carry around!  Not sure what it is about Elmo, but he was also immediately attached to it - until now he'd showed no preference or attachment to any of his stuffed animals.
I mean it's not my thing, but my sister seems to be a fan.
Fourth Dimension makes everything 20% cooler!  Amazing product by 4th Dimension. This is my first time buying from this manufacturer and I cannot say just how pleasantly surprised I am by the amount of effort that went into making this plush. Evidently, the manufacturer cares about their customers and they make a commitment towards providing their customers with products that are well worth the money they paid for. High quality Rainbow Dash plush that is very soft and even cuter than what's shown in the picture. Very fast and reliable delivery, so that's really awesome! Highly recommend buying this plush for anybody who is a huge fan of Rainbow Dash! Bottom line: super fantastic, and the colour schemes are very pretty and her wings actually move!!! :D Would buy again 5/5; greatly satisfied!  Details: what I loved about this plush: - Very soft to the touch - Colour scheme is very accurate and aesthetically pleasing - Stitching is very nice; in some places it is barely noticeable and does not affect the appearance of the plush - It's for all ages, very kid friendly - Can stand up by itself - Wings can move and the tail can also move - It's Rainbow Dash, what else do you expect?! :D  Some tips and suggestions: - Be gentle with the plush, especially with the wings and the mane.
Baby Shower Gift  I am hosting a Peter Rabbit themed baby shower in January and this little guy is adorable! Very reasonably priced, too!
Cuuute  Got this for my little cousin and she loves it. It's a great gift for any kid if your pair it up with the books or the Beatrix Potter DVD series.
Love it  They are perfect for little ones missing their soldier
Nice size. Lama is a fan favorite at our house
it was very nice.  Gave this as a gift, it was very nice.
Cuddly Branch troll  Cuddly Branch troll, soft, well made, true to the troll in the story, so cute
Love it!  Super cute, well made, and a perfect gift for anyone.
Perfect  For some reason, you can't buy a plush doll of Pinocchio at Disney Theme parks. My little 3 year old was not happy, and neither was mommy. But this was exactly what we would have paid twice the price for at Disney. Shipping was quick.
Super soft and cuddly  My son loves this little pug! Super soft and cuddly!
Exactly as described. Kid loves it.  Exactly as described.  Kid loves it.
nice and soft and seems well made  Well received Christmas gift....nice and soft and seems well made.
Cute and not costly coin purse  Not very costly and very cute! I got it for my little sister who watches Naruto with me as a birthday present.
Derpy and adorable Monty  Oh Monty. He's just the cutest little villain ever, isn't he? He's soft and plush, fun to play with and make Monty noises at... They make him look so derpy as this doll too, what's not to love? I honestly laugh every time I look at this thing, it's just that adorable. I got him to keep my boyfriend company while I travelled for several weeks, and it did the trick.
Great Toy!  This furby is still working...OMG!  It never turns off, but my daughter seems to have a great time talking to it and playing with it.
super cool  My nephew is about to turn 2 and he loves these books.  I can't wait until he sees this, he's going to love it!  Very cute and the books are neat too.  This kid can count to 4 already because of Pete's buttons!
Just what I needed for shotgun deer season  Easy to install. Easy to sight in. Excellent product, Has exceeded my expectations. I will purchase more Nikon hunting products.
l Recommended......It's a great plush toy for kid's or collection....
lovelly pet  Funny, with humor changes and interact a lot! I recomend! See it dancing is an amazing experience. First bad mud too!!!
Pristine condition!
Perfect!  My 6-year-old LOVES his Mega Charizard Y! So cute!
cute
Love Spidey  Our favorite toy ever! The limbs do not bend that much, the toy is very sturdy and fun :)
but I can wear it with my cosplay wigs comfortably.  A little big on my adult head, but I can wear it with my cosplay wigs comfortably.
It was just what I wanted.
It came nearly a week early! It's soft and packed full of stuffing. It wad more then worth the price
Straight out of the tv screen  my two year old loves elmo, so I looked for a good Elmo toy online. Very happy with this one. Looks like straight out of a Sesame Street episode. Good quality.
Excellent for all MU Lovers!  I am a fan of Monsters University and this is a great toy for any age. Monsters University is a prequel of Monsters Inc. This is a great toy for all MU Lovers!!!!!
Awesome  It is the best thing ever.
My granddaughter loves playing with this. It calms her down and keeps her busy in the car.
The best plushy I received from GE!  This is the best plushy I received from GE! The plush is very detailed and it looks like him too. The only complaint is his fur and his tail but nothing too concerning since he still looks nice. I mean, his fur looks like a scarf and and his tail is not sticking upright like the other reviews had. Still pretty minor and that's why I give it 5 stars. Thank you GE!
Eeeeeeeeeeee! So cute!
Adorable!  It's very adorable.  There's really not much else to say.
Cute and cuddly!  My son absolutely adores his Cookie Monster plush. As he is a big baby, they are almost the same size; he has had lots of fun hugging, wrestling, and tackling his Cookie Monster. My only complaint is that there was no fake cookie included with the doll... I know full well I will be cleaning teething biscuits out of Cookie Monster's mouth as soon as I let my guard down!
Beautiful Toy  I bought this for my 2 year old child. This Tigger is beautiful! He is bright, soft, squishy, constructed well.
Heartlesses are lovable. No irony in that at all.  This plush is so cool!! .... You know, as far as shadowy creatures attacking you go. And its eyes really do glow, which made me freak out (in the good way) when I saw it with my own eyes. To get the eyes to glow, you have to leave the doll in the light for a while; the less exposure to light, the weaker the glow. Epicness. Times 50.  My heartless was smaller than I expected, because the 13" includes the ears/antenna-thingamabobbers. Since it's proportional to that, it's not exactly as large as I had initially guessed from the picture. The ears do indeed have wire, but if you plan on cuddling with this plushie, it's no biggie; just coil the wire. The rest is plush and soft to the hug. ^^ LOVE THIS PLUSH!!! XD
I love it. It is genuine!! I really love my genie!
Shipped in great condition and this is Pokmon is so cool in person.  The photo does not do it justice.  Very pleased.
All that I expected
Great toy  My son holds court with his birds mimicking YouTube videos he's seen. These birds make that experience priceless. Just what we ordered.  Thx
Yoshi for the win!!  My son is two years old and loves his Yoshi plush! The quality is great and came individually packaged. After seeing Yoshi on his cousins Nintendo game, he immediately became obsessed with this loveable character. Feel comfortable ordering this product knowing it will make that Yoshi fan happy!
makes a great gift  Christmas present for my son. he loved it . I would recommend this purchase.
Good quality. Delivered on time. Recommended!!
ADORABLE PETER RABBIT  THIS ITEM IS SURE TO BE A TREASURED KEEPSAKE AND A GREAT ADDITION TO THE BEDTIME STORY READING OF PETER RABBIT AND BENJAMIN BUNNY
Son loves it  It is made well enough. My son carries it everywhere with him. It is a stuffed animal, and it isn't out of one of those vending machines, how can you go wrong getting one of these.
Soft & Cuddly  My son is still a newborn so he obviously doesn't play with or cuddle this plush yet, but it's too cute! The belly and legs on this plush are so incredibly soft & the wolf looks great.
Beyond awesome! The details are terrific and it's super-soft  Beyond awesome!  The details are terrific and it's super-soft.
Love it
Great product  My son loves it. Perfect size for him. Got it on time.
Couldn't get it for Christmas but very happy I got it AFTER and on sale!
Perfect  Just what I wanted. It arrived and was opened to the delight of an excited 5 year old. Thank you.
Came super early! Bought for my lil ones birthday and she loved it!!! No rips, was package properly, brand new with tags. I recommend this item
Adorable!  Great fun at Christmas time!  After seeing the "Elf on a Shelf" advertised on the news one night, I looked it up online.  Over $30!!  So, I Googled Elfs and this one came up.  I ordered it and could not be more pleased!!  This little guy is precious and he was perfect for our "elf" visits this Christmas when our grandchildren spent the night.  He is soft and a perfect size for your own little elves.  I'm ordering more for next year to give my friends with children so they can have fun playing as well.  Shipping was extremely fast and packing was excellent.  A+ seller.  Will definitely do business again with this company.
Gift for a Star Wars fan  The birthday boy held on this one while he was opening his other gifts.  He didn't let it go that night and took it bed.  Birthday boy's little brother wanted it too.
Seuss Cat a Hit  The stuffed animal came on time and in great shape.  My 2 year old niece loved it!  This was a birthday gift along with some Dr. Seuss books featuring Cat In The Hat.
My brother is going to LOVE this!!!!  Honestly, I was a little hesitant about buying this because I try to never buy things from China/Japan but this is all my little brother was asking for for Christmas. So I went ahead and got it and I am so glad that I did. It came so quickly, and it is such high quality! The stitching is so nice and it is so well made. I am so pleased with this purchase!
Love this little guy
Pokemon Time Machine  Christmas morning was a blast with this little guy. Made my 19 year-old act like a kid again it was great.
Cutest doll! Very well made.
amazing, received 1 day before sheduale, it works properly, you can not stop laughing
Very cute
Completely love it.  Just as described.
my sons new best friend  If they love chewy this is a must have. no sounds but cute anyway recommend it for the fans of chewy
DEFENTLY  HE ARRIVED RIGHT WHEN THE SHIPPER SAID HE WOULD, VERY CUTE, EXTREMELY SMALL CAN TAKE HIM WITH YOU WHERE EVER YOU GO, ID RECOMMEND THIS PERSON AGAIN TO ANYONE
Love it  Love it!  It is a perfect size!  Exactly what I expected!  My daughter has not got it yet but I know she will love it!
I would definitely recommend this toy if your little one like  My daughter is obsessed with the movie Home so when I seen this I had to buy it. She loves it and plays with it constantly. I would definitely recommend this toy if your little one like Ohh
Cute doll  My daughter loves "ba ba" as she would call him. On the show these little bunnies just say baba all the time. It is a good size (I would say 10 inches or so) and well made. She has two of these.
I love this Silver  I love this Silver, my daughter is a big fan of Sonic and this is a present for his birthday.
awesome
So Soft  Arrived ASAP, and grandson loved it!  So soft.  He liked it so much, he used it as a lap table for his iPad!
Super cute, but this is mangle not foxy.
Not slippy and feels warm.
Going on 7 years, still my daughter's favorite!  I have two of the tan and beige doggies! When I realized that my then-toddler wouldn't sleep without it, I bought a second one as a back-up (when the other is in the wash).  My daughter is now 7 years old and still loves her 'doggy'. NOTE: this is NON-STUFFED (just in case you were expecting it to be a true 'stuffed' animal). The little bel inside is perfect for when he is lost in the sheets.
Son loves it
a little expensive but looks so beutiful
Was just as it looked online - my son loved it!
Exactly as expected!
Loved it
Nice Look - Added Touch Light Saber  I ordered this item for my 4 year old son for Christmas.  He is really big on the whol Angry Birds theme and loves Star Wars so it was a perfect fit.  The item was received before the time I thought I'd get it, it was in perfect condition and looks better in person than the picture shows (in my opinion).  I am rating this item both because the toy was exactly what I expected, it was in perfect condition, seller sent the item in time for Christmas AND I received it early  I am recommeding anyone who is in to either Star Wars or Angry Birds to purchase this item for themselves or their child(ren). This bird has a Light Saber on the belt (it dosen't come off) and it adds a nice touch to this plush toy.  It is easy to wipe, easy to store and my son loves it!!!
Adorable, true to life  This adorable little guy looks so much like my real husky!  The coloring on the face is perfect,  It will sit or stand just like she does with legs straight forward!  It looks like it is getting ready to howl with the little puckering around the mouth.  It is about 14" long from note to tail.  And sooo soft.  Just like the picture.
Great!  Well done. Priced right, delivered on time, as described. Great! Cute
He is very lovely and my son like it very much. He can say something when you hit him.
Great arrival time  So cute.  Great arrival time.
Cool!
Boo  adorable
Really cute and fun!  I bought this toy for my daughter's 2nd birthday and she loved it. It is what the seller stated in the description. It was fun for her to play with and she loved the magic noises that it made. I would recommend anyone with a child who loves Abby to buy this for them.
CUTE  Another cute hello kitty from sanrio for my 5 year olds growing hello kitty collection. Well made and super soft!
Love goggly-eyed Suzy the seal!
gift
Adorable stuffed animal.  Instant hit for any HTTYD fan!
Cute  I bought this item for my 2 year old daughter, elmo is cute and have a great size. Washable
Grandkids loved playing with these  Grandkids loved playing with these;  even "Dad", my grown son has had fun playing with his children, since these were a favorite of his whilst a youngster!
Great Purchase!!!
Great product.  My 16 month old daughter started showing an interest in buckles so I purchased this for her.  She loves it and it keeps her entertained longer than many of her other toys.  The size is perfect for travel.  At her age, she still needs help unbuckling, but I don't mind helping her out.
A favorite character of my sons. A
Boo  Cute cute cute that's the way you can describe this soft doggy.  buy it for your little ones or for yourself.
nice product Christmas  nice product Christmas present
Sesame Street Abby Cadabby Plush Magic Wand Sound Toy - 9 in.  It is exactly what we have been wanted and  expected.  Very nice product for my kids that they have long waited for.
monkey  a gift for my grandson and he loved it. he had asked for one and I ordered it and sent it to him for his birthday
Flingshot Cow  This guy is so fun. I love the sounds that come from it when it flies. I would buy another one just for me. The first one was for my Grandson.
Highly Recommended  If you still use a paper calendar, this is a great one: attractive, durable, and spacious enough for simple notes. The appendixes (holidays, phone directory section, future planning, etc.) are also very helpful.
good  good quality and on time
Finish Line Doormat  Loved it!  I placed it outside my cube once I gave notice for my retirement.  On my last day, we took pictures of me "crossing the finish line".  I passed it onto the next retiree and hope they make a practice of it!  It brightened our days!  Good quality, easy to read, very sturdy.
Ciel Phantomhive plush  This is a great gift to give to a black butler fan! It's so soft and the details are amazing! With ciel you can move the eyepatch and it reveals the mark by his contract with sebastian michaelis my daughter ordered both so she can have sebastian and his young master who wouldn't want both!? It's really great and the material is awesome! Would totally recommend it and it only took two weeks to come!
This cute little guy was a gift to someone who had lost their yorkie to old age. He loves it.
Great find!  It was just what I wanted.  It was a Christmas present and I was glad to be able to find it.  It was packaged well and arrived in a timely manner.  And it was a good price especially since it was a discontinued item.
Adorable! Grandson loves it  Adorable!  Grandson loves it!
Pascal  This was the perfect gift for my granddaughter who loves the movie "Tangled".  She had another toy of Pascal, but this item was much superior in quality of materials and appearance.
Good quality
Nice toy  My daughter loved it!
My granddaughter loves this!  I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She likes the idea of a nerdy Domo. It was worth the price.
Very happy!  My 2 year old son received this for his birthday and loves it. The hat is attached and Woody has a plush face. It seems to be sturdy and durable. No complaints--just lots of fun!
Keeps my very active toddler busy at times when we need him to be quiet. It always comes to church with us!  :)
Came in excellent condition.. Very soft and cute. Great for little ones because there are no buttons or pins or clips to come lo  Came in excellent condition.. Very soft and cute. Great for little ones because there are no buttons or pins or clips to come loose
Nephews loved it!  I bought this as a gift for my nephews and they loved it! They wanted Hiccup and I couldn't find one big enough for them until I saw this. It's the perfect size and they play with it along with their Toothless doll.
Prince Eric  He is exactly what I've been looking for. Although I didn't plan on getting him here and paying $44 for him. I was going to get him on Aliexpress for around $20, but all my orders fell through. They would take my money, then say he was sold out. I eventually broke down and bought him here. He is the official Disney Store doll, has the tag and everything. A little pricey, but totally worth it. Perfect companion for my Ariel plushes!
Perfect item!
Super adorable!!!  I bought this for my 4 year old grandson for his birthday. He loves The Grinch movie and wanted a Grinch birthday party.  So we decorated the house like Who-ville (in August!!) and had a full-blown Grinch party for him. His face when he opened this stuffed Grinch was the best part of the party...he says, "it's a Grinch teddy!!!".  It looks so darn cute in all the birthday photos of him.  He loves it so much, it has taken the place of his teddy bear for night-time snuggles.  It is so cute and the fur is so soft and cuddly.  It is the perfect size.  He brings it with him for overnite stays at Grandmas.  He just loves it!!
... as i searched many other brands and these had best reviews for baby use and durabilaty  Wish they had more designs as i searched many other brands and these had best reviews for baby use and durabilaty. So far so good
He loved it!  Bought for my grandson. He loved it!
Beautiful and well made  I purchased this doll for my niece's birthday, and she loves it. I was a bit worried that the material wouldn't hold up too well, but it's still in perfect condition, even though it gets played with on a regular basis and gets toted around town. With the material being so soft, I think my niece likes taking her out more than other dolls, as it's easier to carry this one.  Her fin is beautiful, and I love that her hair is plush, because it doesn't get all messy and tangled like other dolls' hair does, and I kind of think it makes it look like she's under water. My niece and I love this one so much that I just purchased the Belle version, for Christmas... don't tell her, yet.
Im glad I made the purchase! My daughter loves it!  Thanks for the fast shipping.
good quality and shipped pretty quick  So Cute! Ordered w/ the Kirito plush and not regretting it. Well made, good quality and shipped pretty quick. I'll be ordering from this shop again!
Soft  Adorable!
This is the cutest toy I have seen for a toddler in a while. My child loves buckles and hopefully this will keep him occupied for a long time.
plush  My friend's name is "hedgehog" in Polish.  His kid LOVES it
My 2 year old loves this! Great for fine motor skills, sequence, and patterns.
My grandson loved it, took it with him everywhere.
This peeler works great for peeling tomatoes.
cute and cuddly  My dtr loves him. They have a cute little sound and they are perfect for a hug stuffy at night. they are small enough to be a good travel buddy also.
She looks like my dog!  Mirabelle looks like my furry brother Finnegan.  She is good for snuggles and  fun to read with!
Adorable...  It was a gift for a friend. It was adorable. And it was delivered earlier than expected. I'll probably get one for myself.
Used for baby room. So cute on wall. We put a mounted plaque behind it (and stained it). The plague was a must for a finished look.
Very shiny. Appeals to adults and children.
Super cute and my daughter takes him everywhere  Super cute and my daughter takes him everywhere. His little hood can go back but the cape is sewn in the middle.
Sao plush  Its geatly detailed and its great if u have a collection or just beggining just get it if u are a sword art online fan
Great quality product
I love it! It is so soft  I love it!  It is so soft.  It is perfect for a baby.
Nice toy. My son likes so much.
Great for car trips and plane rides! Will tell all my friends to purchase.
well made very pleased. Thank you  fast shipment, well made very pleased. Thank you.
Lady and the tramp plush doll for my newborn grandaughter  When got the correct one ordered it was perfect. Soft and cuddly
grand daughter loves it
Excellent Quality  Super soft material, very good quality.  We are happy with this purchase for our granddaughter.
Loved it  First of all, I don't understand everyone's problem here. After purchasing this plush, I compared it and sure it looks slightly different(the picture makes it look wider, the actual thing is slimmer), but it was a Vaporeon plush nonetheless. I bought it for my fiancee who absolutely loves Vaporeon, and she adores this plush to no end. There was nothing off about it, sure there was no tag but honestly tags on a toy are just annoying as they are. Even she agreed to that.  So to everyone who just wants to have a Vaporeon plush, this is a good buy.
Great learning toy for 16 month old  My 16 month old grand daughter LOVES this! With such a short attention span, this is one of the toys that will keep her busy for 10 to 20 minutes. She will bring it to me and sit in my lap so I can help with the trickier buckles, which is a bonus in itself. I'm so happy with this purchase.
grand daughters in love  Our grandaughter fell in love with this. she has a new friend to talk to and take care of. alot of activity with this item. they have cutely good with adding technology to it.
Perfect for any Pikachu fan  Very good product.  Cute and soft and just like the picture.  Well worth the purchase.
nice and loud too  bought this as kind of a joke  it's a riot, nice and loud too
Fast shipping great Boston terrier
awesome stuffed animal my son has slept on with carried it every where with and it has held up amazingly
Oh so soft
Really cute  My little granddaughter LOVES the Yo Gabba Gabba characters.  These were basically a "must have" for her when she visited her Grandma's House long distance.
excellent  Italian, nice made. Primo!!!!
My grand-daughter loves Rosalina.
Excellent!  Perfect!
A Richard Scarry Character that I had always wanted ever since I was in School.  When I was a kid, this was my most favorite character from the Richard Scarry Books. Before reading one though, I watched a TV Show on the Nick Jr. Block called, "The Busy World of Richard Scarry", and I would watch it, just to see this worm.  In VHS tapes that were entitled, "Richard Scarry's Best Videos Ever", the worm was somehow similair to Dopey of Snow White, the elephant, Dumbo, and the famous cat, The Pink Panther; he was mute.  No matter how this character was portrayed, I still liked this worm, and I still do. Glad to have this worm, and I will not give him up.  5 out of 5, and recommended to those of you who are Richard Scarry Fans.  R.I.P., Mr. Scarry. You shan't be forgotten.
Awesome product  Smaller than expected, but great none the less. Exactly as pictured.
Love it just wish it was a little bigger but still love it
Grow with Me Learning  I think my three year old was more excited about it at first...he couldn't wait for me to get it out of the package to try it!  My little one (5 month old Damien) gets excited when it talks and the lights flash.  He starts kicking his feet and squealing, he will even "talk" to Cody.  I love how you can customize him with your child's birthday, music, stories and more!!  I couldn't be more please with a learning toy, it's cuddly, engaging, and educational..tops in my book!  Knowing that this toy will grow with him too, and that i can change the stories and songs as he grows is just invaluable!  VTech has done it again with another great product for young children. With the holidays coming up, i have a few nieces that might be getting one of their own :)
Cute!  This bear is so cute! I bought it from my granddaughter and she loves it. She plays with it alot.
Love this little guy!  I'm not sure who likes this Sully more....the kids or the adults! I can't help but giggle out loud every time someone plays with him. All of the adults at a one year olds party were  playing with him! The faces and sounds he makes cracked us up. He's so adorable!
but perfect size for a 2-3 year old  Tail stays straight up, it's small, but perfect size for a 2-3 year old. My daughter loves her pikachu. Took awhile to get here though, best to buy and forget for a surprise to a child.
Very soft and big  Peppa is big and she's better than I expected her to be. Bought her for my niece since she's crazy about her lol
Just don't throw it into an incinerator...  Everything you could want in a small (about 6x6 inch) plush companion cube. Comfy enough, not as soft as some materials, mostly made out of felt. Seems like it will hold up to the adventures my 12-year-old daughter has in store for it.
Was a gift for a friends daughter and she loves it
Soft and just like the picture  My friends daughter loves them. Fast shipping!!
Love!  My 21 month old little girl loves these so much! Awesome buy! They do not smell but that's ok! For $20 I didn't expect them too! Would buy them again!
Birthday Girl loved it!  Birthday Girl loved it! Matches the "Sanrio KUROMI Devil Goth Skull Fleece Soft" perfectly!
Absolutely perfect.
Perfect! Exactly what I wanted for the price I wanted to pay. I shipped this to Canada, so the tracking information was not available, yet my estimated day of arrival was 2 weeks from my order day; imagine my surprise when it arrive in less than 72 hours! Thanks for everything!
Great gift  Bought for my fiancee who is studying Microbiology. She loves them and wants to collect all of the Giant Microbes.
Granddaughter loves this!!
Perfect size and color.
Exactly what the kiddo wanted!
cute  "Ponyo" is one of "our" movies, so I purchased this along with the picture book, as a Christmas gift. It's both silly and sentimental, of course. She loved it =)
Neat and beautiful pokemon collection figure.
My kids love these!  My children have been obsessed with Peppa Pig for a while and I was so happy to be able to find them several toys for Christmas. I was a little skeptical of ordering these stuffed toys since they came from over seas but they came fairly quickly and I am very pleased with the quality and the price was fantastic!
... a gift for a friend of mine and she loved it!  Bought this as a gift for a friend of mine and she loved it!
It's so cute. Soft and Fluffy too
Super cute, got it for my girlfriend.
Cute plush toy.
I had no problems  I just bought Elmo Knows Your Name for my niece for her birthday. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews. I have windows XP and I had no problems installing the program. It was great to program the names of me, my other niece and grandma since we live far away from her and rarely see her, so at least everytime she plays with it she'll remember us. Elmo worked really well. I could see him getting annoying quick, but its ok because my brother will have to deal with it!
My daughter is delighted!
very nice.
I bought the sailor scouts last year and my niece loved them. I decided to add tuxedo mask this year for christmas. It arrived quickly and in good condition. If your child tends to play a little rough with their toys I wouldn't get it for them because they probably would fall apart. So far none of my niece's dolls have though. Can't wait until Luna and Artemis arrive to complete the set.
Just like the Anime!  Well made, as pictured.  My girlfriend loves it.  I like it too. I wish it was a little larger, but I knew the size going in so no big deal.
He was as described and oh so cute!  Well made.  I bought 2 and giving one as a gift.
My granddaughter loves it!
Great product  Great price and size
loved it  This is so cute Hello kitty. I loved it. I was expecting something smaller in size but this is amazing.
My granddaughter LOVED it!  Everything I expected and more!!! My granddaughter LOVED it!!!
Great buy for the little ones in the family  my son loves Cookie Monster so when he got this he loved it
Dolly Legs  My nephew (collects all Mario dolls) has this doll but the legs on his doll are just little round circles at the bottom of the dress.  Was very happy that this doll had actual dangly legs.  :)
Just like the one i had 30 years ago  Just like the one i had 30 years ago. So cute to see my little boy snuggled up with his.
YESSSSSSSSS :D  :3 no comment no comment no comment ... Let me just say, hmmm IT IS PURE AWESOME :D w of course i think awesomer then prussia~
DJ lance  Smallee than I expected.. I think because its skinny it makes it look smaller. Bought Gooble 12" and he looks so much bigger. Price was not bad though so I had to get it for my son. All in all im pretty happy with it. Now my son has all the gabba gang :)
My daughter loves these  My daughter went crazy when she saw these and hasn't stopped playing with them since.
so sweet
great  Great item for the price. Great material and fast shipping.
Good!  Bought this for work, helps my kids work on self-help skills. They like it versus just practicing on a regular shirt.
Love this!!! "Now my son says he has a deer like daddy!"
Satisfied megaman fan  It's awesome! Price was right and it arrived in perfect condition. Very happy customer
It's adorable!  Love it!
I was a nice doll however  I was a nice doll however, my daughter has received one before Christmas so I had to return it, but a very nice doll.
Darn accurate specimen for a plush!  As close to a actual specimen as you can get. I use medicinal leeches, and raise them, so this was a fun toy to acquire.
Happy  This of all things was the homerun gift from santa. The stuffing is pretty minimal but she loves it and takes it everywhere. The hair doesn't get messed up and the size is right. A full month and she still carries it everywhere. She is 3.5 years.
So much fun  No matter what age you are, if you like Zombies you will get a kick out of this little guy.
Latias was very soft and cuddly. My son loves it and always sleep with it!
Thanks
My kids are super happy!
Great pokmon plush toy  Kids really loved this pokmon plush toy. They are a little hard to find. Even harder to find certain ones.
Definitely a keeper!  I bought this for a friend of mine as a Secret Santa gift. It arrived quickly and in great condition, and my friend was ecstatic to receive it--she loves it. :)
Cute  I have nearly all of the HK friends now.  This one is one of my favorites.  Shipment was fast and protective
Perfect! An official item as depicted in the sales image. Very cute.
Exceptionally soft and beautifully made !
super sweet  This is my son's favorite toy. I suspect he will take it to college one day.
Awesome
Absol is amazing  I love this plushy it looks exactly as it should, it's soft, epic, and just the right size. There aren't any holes and the stitching is great!
Cute toys. No loss threads.
My 5 year old loved this set of kittens. She plays with it constantly.
Buzz Lightyear stuffed toy  My grandson loved it.  It's soft and safe.  He sleeps with it.  It looks amazingly like the toy! You'll love it too.
The dog loved this giant version of the toy  I got this for my dog.  My dog has a small version of this toy that he carries with him everywhere.  The dog loved this giant version of the toy.  Totally worth it.
my niece love them thank you so much
good quality doll  Very cute, good quality doll.
Good quality  Granddaughter absolutely loves playing with these 2 princeses
My son loves this plush. He carries it everywhere.
So cute! My dog's fave toy!  So cute!  My dog's fave toy!
Love him!  The axolotyl is absolutely adorable and I love it and its little friend for my phone!
Good quality  my granddaughter loved it
dolls head is plastic so it looks more like anna
Cute and incredibly soft!
Bought this for my brother  My oldest brother grew up watching the older pokemon series and he loved this
Perfect!!  My 11 year old son who is autistic loves minecraft game. He's been playing it for years. This is the perfect Christmas gift!! It's way bigger than I imagined. Great quality too.
My bad for not looking at the measurements  Very cute but smaller than expected. My bad for not looking at the measurements. My daughter loves it though anyways.
Great toy for a geeky child  My geeky science daughter absolutely loved it.  Who says you cannot get a 16 year old a stuffed animal?  Seems well made and very loveable for cholera.
Plush and soft  Daughter of 3 year old loves Peter. We are in love with Beatrix Potter books. She grabs Peter and says, I am going into Mr. McGregor's garden but I am scared mommy. Gotta love it!
Exactly what i wanted  I ordered two so that they could to go in the window of my car and they were the right size.
Well worth the money  We found one of these doing holiday shopping at Target and my 1 year old was absolutely smitten with it. I had put it back because at the time it wasn't in the budget at the time but later found one on Target a little more pocket book friendly and so Santa brought one to her on Christmas morning and I couldn't be more please. This little Snowgie is soft and adorable, he makes our baby brighten up and giggle soo much and she and her sister are constantly playing with him (of all their gifts it was the cheapest toy, about $5 when I bought it, and it is by far the most loved!)
My grandson gave it a kiss as soon as he had seen it
Perfect!!!
Cute! But Not Captivating  This was super cute and I loved the idea of it. The shipping was fast and the customer service was great from this seller. Unfortunately, my 2 year old Son had NO INTEREST in a doll. Every time I gave it to him to play with it, he would just chuck it across the room. So I give it 5 stars for quality, purpose and cuteness, but my Son would probably give it 1 star.
This is cute!  Super good quality, will look great with the rest of my Mario collection. I got King Boo and he is a similar size also
Great for my one year old.  I got this for my one year old son's birthday.  He loves his brother's "Scout" puppy and we wanted to give him something like it.  I like the personalization you can add and the number of songs that the Bear plays.  I know my son will be enjoying this!
Was a gift for my nephew. He loves them!! They are small but he sleeps with them and takes them everywhere!
Perfect size and so soft.  This dolly is soft and the perfect size for little hands.  My 11 month old granddaughter loves it.  I would definitely buy again for a gift.
Love it
My was excited when it arrived a day earlier then expected. No damages were seen.
Grandkids love Stretchkins  Grandkids LOVE Stretchkins!  Granny is trying hard to get all the different Stretchkins for them.
Nice and in time  Thank You very much. Excellent quality, great idea to teach kids, even little - they naturally learn by playing. Thank You.
Cute & soft!  Incredibly cute & soft - my daughter loves it! Other reviewers mentioned the missing stitches between the shell top & head, which is true, but doesn't seem to have any effect. No stuffing comes out and compared to other Pokmon plush, this is the softest one we've seen!
I received my package in good condition
my daughter loves it,  very soft and well made
My youngest son tries to be like his big brother and this was the compromise that he made.
Yes!  Cute and accurate!! I love it! Erza is great and I love the show! Fast shipping and I'm so satisfied!
Great toy! My 20 month old loves it!
super adorable mario !
Very nice quality! Who doesn't love this little guy! My daughter is very happy :)
Happy customer  Received on time and product was exactly as I wanted. Thanks
I got this and I love it it's big  I got this and I love it it's big ! This ones great bought it for my nefuw he wants them all...
cute
Was a gift and quite a hit for all ages.
collectible  Good collectible
The person loved it  This was a gift. The person loved it
never too old for dolls  my 18 year old daughter loves it, it sits nicely on her dresser
Perfect Pooh Bear!  My granddaughter absolutely loves her Pooh bear! The color is better than in the picture, it's silky soft, and just the right size. The feet are weighted with some kind of small pellets inside, which somehow keeps it perfectly balanced for sitting in a chair or on a shelf. Of course, he mostly stays in her arms or in the bed with her as she sleeps. I have nothing negative to say about this item.
My son loves it
So Cute!!!!  This is one of the most adorable pikachu a pokemon fan could buy, i love it so much!!!
My Hedgie  This little guy was being sold at the gift shop when I was in the hospital, and my sister got him for me.  I love him! He's so soft and cuddly and cute.  I think he's much better than having to take care of a real live prickly hedgehog!
Super soft and cuddly!
A favorite pal.  This Yertle the Turtle was a replacement for one lost to flooding in the house.  It was a gift to my grandson from his pre-school teacher when he went to kindergarten. Great delivery from the vendor , brand new as stated.
Cute  Small, be sure to check the dimensions, but very cute. Its antennae move around and it's so huggable. Would buy again.
It was a good buy.  I got this for my 2 year old for her birthday, as she was always wanting to play with the buckles in her car seat and stroller. It has become a car toy for her, and she loves it. Some of the buckles are a little tough for her to UN-buckle right now, but since my 8 year old son always has to play with whatever my 2 year old has (and vice versa), it works out -- he unbuckles them for her, she buckles them, lather rinse repeat. It was a good buy.
Cute  My son loved it, specially using the inside of the tongue to put stuff in it, very entertaining for him and cousins.
Awesome, I love it
super soft!  I bought this toy for my 3 year old nephew because he loves dalmations.  The quality was so amazing and super soft that I wanted to keep it for myself.  Super cute toy and worth every penny!
Awesome  My son LOVES it! He takes it with him wherever he goes and other children inquire about it as well. Thank you Amazon!
gir  this gir doll is so darn cute came in a timely manner i gave it 5 stars thank you amazon
Huge!!  Elsa was so much bigger than I anticipated.  For the price this doll was a steal!
Once you encounter a mockingbird, it will forever change tour life. My daughter loves this stuffy!
Ideal  My daughter LOVES this item.
flying cow  My toy poodle loves this1 She shakes it and it moos and she shakes it again > I know she will soon tear it apart but it's fun for now!
For my kids  For my kids, they loved it. Very soft and looks just like the pic
Great product - insufficient packaging  Mickey is a delight - he is soft and pliable. The detail is good and he appears to be sturdily constructed. But he came stuffed in a plastic bag that was stuffed in a crdboard box.
Bought this as a gift for my son.  He really likes  it because it is not a cartoon variety of this item.  It is more realistic. Thank you
kids love it.  bigger plush toy then I expected. it's definitely worth it.
Loves it  My Goddaughter loves it. It was smaller than I had expected, but it was a great size for her.
My daughter approves  My two year old loves the Bubble Guppies & screamed when this came in the mail. Its small & cute & worth the price. Just wish I could have found a Deema too
great
Cute!
great gift... soft and plush.
Looks exactly like the pic
Great. Realistic and big.
I used this as a fishing theme prop for a baby shower.  It was exactly as described.
Perfect for busy toddlers  Needed a toy to help occupy my 18mo old daughter while in the car or nursing our newborn. She loves it and I like that it doesn't make noise and doesn't have a screen!
Adorable plush  Its so soft and cute.
Cute!  Very cute stuffed digger that has held up well!  My rough and tumble 3 year old is obsessed with diggers and loves this toy and now tells me he needs MORE of these.
Ordered for my daughter and it is absolutely adorable.  Much bigger than Pokmon plush found in stores that cost just as much as this larger toy.  Great quality.
My grandson was very happy with his Elmo and continues to play with him  My grandson was very happy with his Elmo and continues to play with him. i am verry pleased with it.
My nephew loved it, and it was just different enough from the standard fare of teddy-bears, lions and monkeys to be memorable.  Plus super soft, which is always a winner.
As described,  cute and cuddly.  Little one carries it everywhere.
Great quality plush toy. Receive item before estimated time and in excellent condition. Thank you.
Contagious Laughter  My disabled daughter uses this toy long and hard.  She loves to hear it laugh and feel it shake.  The laughter is contagious.
Good quality and perfect size for my toddler. She loves it.
Cute Dr. Seuss Horton, baby loved it!  Purchased for six month old baby.  Very cute stuffed animal!
Even bigger than expected... Good buy  Wonderful....
Our grandson sleeps with it when at our house.
A+
Yoshi rocks!  Yoshi rocks, so does this toy.
Loved the size, material & authentic smell!
Great Product  Got this for my daughter and she just loved it!!
My favorite monster, and a cute plusie to boot
very adorable. Really a giant Nemo  Daughter loves this, very big, very adorable. Really a giant Nemo.
Long shipping... Came from China  Took a month but good....
awesome
Cuter than cute  He's so cute, I love him.
Anteater  Great product.  Grandson loved it.  Selection of products are good.  Will be ordering other stuffed products in the future for him.
This is a fantastic fine motor skill tool for any child. Using this for a special needs child is just an added bonus!  ' ' Price Point: 5/5 ' ' Quality/Durability: 5/5 ' ' Need: 5/5 ' ' Recommendation/Giftable Factor: 5/5 ' ' Overall: 5/5 ' 'Product Need: Child to use product ' 'Pros: Perfect size, easy to use ' 'Cons: N/A ' 'My thoughts: I have three children. My oldest is 3 1/2 years old and he's special needs child. We have to working with him on a lot of fine motor skills. It's been hard to engage his attention for a period of time. When I first showed him this toy, he grabbed it immediately. I was ecstatic to see how this simple toy was able to get the attention span of a special needs child. Something I have been struggling with for so long. qw  This is very well constructed. The numbers are stitched numbers and brightly colored. On the back under straps you will find colorful stitched pictures of beach objects (ball, bucket and shovel, boat, ect.). In all there are 6 buckles and one zipper. The buckles are mixed between three different kinds. They're well made and sewed well into the stuffed portion of the crab. When you open the zipper you will find a small pocket that a child or you can put stuff in. I put little things in this pocket that my son loves to encourage him to open up the zipper.  Overall, this is a fantastic fine motor skill tool for any child. Using this for a special needs child is just an added bonus. I would highly recommend this as a gift for any child.  I received this product at a discounted rate to provide my honest and unbiased review.
The new verysion of stretch arm strong is awesome.  Amazing. I got this for my grandson and he absolutely loved it. I highly recommend this for any kid.
Love this little guy! Love this movie!!!  I have been looking at buying this for my friend for quite some time. It is soooo cute and was a good price when i bought it. It was a quick transaction and fast shipping. My friend loves this little guy. Great quality!
Awesome
It is just so cute!
Cute & cuddly
The recipient was a very happy little boy.
Must have for any Sailor Moon fan  Luna is super cute, her whiskers came taped down as to not be damaged during shipping. She's not the softest ever but still pretty soft. You can see the care that went into making her, I am absolutely in love. I just ordered her counterpart and will be shortly ordering Diana their future child.
The colors are very catchy and the buckles are pretty easy to use  This is more than just a toy, it's a very engaging educational toy. The colors are very catchy and the buckles are pretty easy to use. My 1 year old loves it! The fact that it can keep him engaged for more than a minute is quite impressive. I think I love it more than my 1 year old!!
Just like the book!  We read the books to my little boy and bought this as part of his birthday decorations.  After the party we gave it to him and he absolutely loves it.
soft and fun to play with  My daughter I got for her birthday also she really love it and play with tails all the time and she sleep with it too.
Love the design of this Pikachu! Materials were great quality.
Awesome looking. Kid loved it, plays with it a lot!
Good price with lots of variety. My son was thrilled with them!
Sailor Moon Power!  I also got this for my best friend and it s a really good chibi doll for her would toats get it again!
Great Buy!  Very cute!
Perfect size and hugability!
love it!!!  I love this. Looks just like the picture.  I have this one, princess and luigi cat plush and now waiting for the toad cat plush.  I got this to play with my children as they are age 6 and 3 and they love that I got myself one to play with them and yes I let them play with it mostly but when they ask me to play, I do.  It is amazing how much children love it if you get yourself stuff like their toys to play with them.  It makes their world so much better knowing at least one of their parents will play with them and committed to play time by getting one for yourself.  Trust me and see how your child(ren) respond to you getting one as well.
Love it!  Great Ghast!  My son loved it!  Shipping not bad considering it came from China!
Perfect for the Jewish dog  Perfect toy for a Jewish dog for Chanukah. Hasn't been played with yet, but I know my dog will love this . Giving one to his "friend" as a gift.
Yay!  Love it!
Cyndaquil!  Soft and adorable! A wonderful addition to the collection!
Ghostbusters!  who ya gonna call!
Awesome... Very Large...she loves it!!
Super sweet  Adorable. My 2 1/2 year-old loves her "let it go" dolls.
Adorable. My niece loves him
Just what my daughter wanted.
Adorable Snorlax plush  Snorlax is hug-able and cute.  Great for any Pokemon fan.
Timeless  Great Birthday gift to add to the movie!
Good quality.
Paw Patrol, Paw Patrol  Very nice looking stuffed animals and the best price. My two-year-old loves Paw Patrol and was very excited when she received these.
otter well made  very nice quailty . decent size . well made
Great Elsa Doll  Good quality and looks just as nice (if not better) than the picture. This is a great and cheaper buy than at the Disney store. My 2 1/2 almost 3 year old daughter will love this for her birthday! I am very pleased.
Blue  Bought his for my granddaughter and she won't let it out of her sight is very durable and safe for the little ones to play with
they are in love with their new giraffes  I have two roommates who are obsessed with Giraffes. So I went ahead and bought two, they are in love with their new giraffes
Lovable plush  Product was better than described. High quality, well made. No loose parts. Everything is sewn on the doll. this doll is in proportion to the rest of the Yo Gabba Gabba beanies. My grandson loves playing with the set.
My Grandson loves this!
Adorable. Goes well with nursery theme. Baby will love it.
So cute and small!  Took only a week to receive it. I love it! It's so small and cute and compliments its bigger brother. It's about the size of a golf ball. Very bean like, like a bean bag. Almost like a Hacky Sack. I recommend to bird lovers and people who like cute decor!
Beautiful paper.
love it
Perfect Quality  Love it so much! I finally ordered her to complete my set of Link and Tingle. Arrived in a timely manner, good packaging, and it had tags and everything to verify its authenticity. It had no damages at all.
It's So Cute!  Got this for my Chell costume.  It's cute, adorable, and everything I wanted in a plushy companion cube!
Light Weight Vibrant Quilt  Exactly what I ordered and arrived early. Print is vibrant and quilt is well-made. Very pleased and will be ordering others soon.
Small package, big cuteness factor!  Small, but cute. Great stocking stuffer. I know my daughter will love it!
Buckle, no Unbuckle  Grandson quickly mastered the buckle technique. Right now he is not interested in unbuckling and that might be a good thing since he climbs about like a monkey. I liked the different styles of buckles and he likes the color coding.
My 4 month old's best friend!  I wanted a special doll for my daughter to have when she was born. Her name is Ellie so I thought an elephant would be perfect. I am thrilled to report that my darling 4.5 month old baby girl adores her elephant.  It is the only toy she can grip and chew on. The husk make for great teethers. :) It keeps her calm in the car, makes her smile when she sees it, and she will stay asleep on her own if her elephant is under her arm. I have never written a review before but had to for this.  I know someone mentioned they were afraid of the polka dots coming off. We have never had any issue with that. They seem attached very tightly so I don't know. It says safe from birth on the tag, but anythings possible so I won't say there is no way for them to loosen. I would just suggest examining the stuffed animal occasionally as you should all children's toys.
He came fast and as described. Thanks!
Too cute to pass up  These are great.  Saw one at Target that was not for sale.  Got one for a friend and her kids, and one for my man cave.  ;-)
Christmas present for Granddaughter
cute
Great price. Arrived much earlier than expected  Exactly what my son wanted. Great price. Arrived much earlier than expected.
Great quality plush  This plushie is adorable, and it's soft and 'plump' feeling :^D I took lots of pictures because she's just so cute, and also because at this point nobody else has reviewed this plush or answered any questions about it. She's also about 10" wide FYI, when you squish her hair to her sides- just for anyone who might need to pack or place her in limited space, y'know? And just for good measure (BADUM TSS) she's about 7" tall when you squish down the lil ears. As you can see in the 3rd pic SHE HAS A LITTLE TAIL U GOTTA BUY HER she gets a little tail oh my gosh. It's super cute :^D (also notice she has little bows on the back of her hair aswell, not just the front) In the 4th pic you can see she has those little dots/lights on her boots. A nice lil touch. In the 5th pic, On her right side she has her little microphone headset piece. I thought that was neat :3c And....in the 6th picture especially, you can see her clothes tend to pop upward. You can kinda see that in the product image above, too. But if you put her down and try and flatten her clothes out it usually works pretty good. I'm glad they gave her little undies instead of just a fleshy void though, hehe. Little details like that are cute. AND SHE HAS A TAG ON HER BUTT :> She also has a tag attached to her left (our right from front view) twin-tail, pictured in the last image. Mine came with one of her hands not sewn all the way to her face, but honestly I don't mind at all and if I did I'm sure it could be a quick fix. She's kind of hard to balance sometimes, but all in all she's an adorable plush and I recommend buying her. $30-ish may seem like a lot but I promise she's worth it! If the price is much lower than that it's probably a bootleg honestly but I haven't seen anything like that so far.
Nat & Jules live up to expectations!  Item is excellent!  Sorry for the delay in rating, mom went into hosp day after I ordered it. it's for her, and she loves it!! has it at bed side now!  Perfect!  Thank you, again sorry for the delay in rating!
This is the best plush ever!  This is the best Freddy plush it looks just like the picture and its so so cute and soft and the best part is that its cheap you should really get this item!
Looks like the picture!  It's a great high quality plush
Nice quality  Super cute
so our toddler loved when he got talking "cookie"  We had the talking elmo, so our toddler loved when he got talking "cookie"
The plush is adorable, very soft  Arrived 1/13 despite shipping estimate claiming 2/15. The plush is adorable, very soft, and well made. I have no complaints!
very cute  My granddaughter loves Mickey and Minnie and really loved this doll.  It is almost as big as she is.  Would like to get the 48" ones, but can't pay that for a toy.
Happy Fan girl  I'm a huge fan girl when it comes to Trafalgar D. Water Law! Nyaa!!!! :3 so when I saw this I had to buy it! It took a bit and omg when it arrived I was in Fan Girl heaven! Now I can cuddle with my own little Dr. Heart Stealer every night! I LOVE IT!!!!
This is a great stuffed toy . Very soft and durable . My son takes it everywhere with him.
YES!
The Kids love her.
So cool:)
Grandson loves it.
Perfect gigt  Soft and cuddly!
Adorable.
Authentic. But I pre-ordered  mine about a month before they came out.
But it now.  It's cuddly and just the right size. My boyfriend bought one for me and our son loved it so much I bought him one too. Best stitch plush.
Love him!  My daughter loves this! It is the perfect size for her to carry around. Better than expected.
Love Boo!  Boo is so cute. I have one myself and bought this as a gift for a nursery and it was well received. he is a classic stuffed animal.
But it is a good entertaining toy  Entertains a toddler for quite a while. The only downside is I didn't realize the implications of teaching her how to unbuckle and unzip, lol. But it is a good entertaining toy. 
I LOVE HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I bought Sebastian and Ciel and I love them so much they are so cute if u like black butler(like I do)you'll lv these cutie pies and they came with the tag and I couldn't be happier :3 and I got mine for a good deal at first I didn't know if I could afford both but then on the day I was ordering it was cheaper and I got both from the same seller and they came in the same package. Lv them ^^
very nice  Love it. very nice and brand new. great condition. girl friend loves it very much! great deal also thanks a lot
It was a great deal
super cute! loved it.
This is a nice size plush. My daughter loved it!
So cute and fun. You will love this plush  So cute and fun.  You will love this plush.
Adorable bunny for my 6 month old!
... granddaughter is all about unicorns so I know she'll love it.  My granddaughter is all about unicorns so I know she'll love it.
Darling. Can not wait for him to see it
Best Buy. No regrets, this Ben is perfect, and the price is right. Came in fast. Buy it!
Disney's Abby Mallard (SO COOL)  This is the awesomest product I've ever seen I want it so bad and I'm going to spend my money on it! Its so cute. The first time I saw it I just wanted to take it right out of the screen!
Great Service  The package arrived on time and was great quality my son loved it. The card enclosed from the customer relations manager Katelyn was much appreciated and a great personal touch. We will be buying again :)
Pokemon Regigigas plus doll  item was exactly what we expected it to be.  It just 'aids' in my child's imagination/pretend world.
Super soft!  I bought Venus along with Mars and they both are super soft and detailed. Venus has a red bow on the back of her head that's super cute and I actually didn't notice she had one back there for a while.  They aren't super posable and Venus's left hand is stuck at her waist.  Her gloves, skirt, and bow (both in the front and back)  are super detailed.  Super cute and worth the price! :)
Too cute  Adorable & soft
Wonderful quality!  I was able to snag an incredible deal on this.  My hopes weren't super high on quality, however after receiving it, I fell in love with it!  My plans were to give it as a gift, but it ended up staying at our house.  This is something you would find in a high end store or a nice boutique.  If you are looking for a realistic stuffed animal, a gift for a giraffe/stuffed animal lover or even for decor, you will not be disappointed.  I absolutely would have paid a much higher price for this.
This made my son very happy, as he sleeps with it every night. Perfect size for little hands.
Excellent Doll!  Hello! I (my daughter) has many of these dolls.  Actually, she has them all.  Each one is slightly different but mostly are just the same with slightly different eyes, hair and outfit.  Even so, they are different enough to keep kids interested in them all.  Also, as far as build quality, Disney has hit the nail on the head!  Flexible, durable, and generally wonderful dolls.  If you don't want them all (which I didn't) you should definitely at least get your child's favorite.  They are terrific dolls that look like they will last.  One strange thing, as it is with a lot of dolls, is that the legs are a little strange.  Sometimes I play octopus legs with my daughter.  Other than that, and it only comes up if the dolls dress gets caught on something, they are amazing.  Due to the similarities, I'm going to start all my reviews with that bit above, then differentiate for each doll.  Sleeping Beauty has particularly cool hair because it's very loose and and stuffed, so it can move but it holds its shape.  She's also a lot bustier than the other dolls for some reason.  Not being a weirdo, it's pretty noticeable. Other than that, beautiful doll and the long dress is great for little girls who just want a princess doll and really like pink.
Great learning toy
Perfect soft and cuddly
Awesome Slugterra Stuffies  These have been awesome plush toys!  I bought them for my 5 and 7-year-old boys.  They're rough with their toys, but these have stood-up to tossing and kicking so far.  They are super cute - and true to the Slugterra show characters my kids watch.
Love it  Pretty big and kids love it
A wonderful gift  Bought this for my baby sister and she just loved it. She even said it was lovelier than she thought it would be. I couldn't be happier with the purchase.
They are beautiful  They made a perfect gift. Just wish the name was wolf and pup not mommy wolf and pup. Lol. As a guy giving this to a daughter it was a funny molment.
good quality, my son loves  Cute plush,  good quality,  my son loves.
It is a very good present to give
Really cool.  This thing is huge. Really cool and lots of fun. My kids loved this. They have had so much fun playing with this. Giant is the correct word in the description of this.
Good  My 6 month old daughter just got one from her uncle. She loves it, it's the perfect size. It can be washed, she loves slobbering all over it. The head is deformed, like it says in the description. Over all. It's a good buy
My sons favorite  My son was very happy with this and is exactly as described in the description.
Got for a student  perfect cute little plush he loved it so i love it lol
Giant Microbes are the BEST  My kids love the Giant Microbes.  Plasma is cute and floppy and well made like all the other Giant Microbes.  My kids have been inspired by these stuffies to love science.  I never would have thought that buying a microbe plushie would interest my kids, but after seeing them at a friend's, my kids wanted to collect them.  They now know a lot about the properties of each microbe they own  - enough to draw and write a "book of microbes."  They both want to become scientists - a microbiologist and a physicist.  And they are girls!
it arrived on time and she loved it.  Bought this item as a baby shower gift for a long distance friend. To my understanding, it arrived on time and she loved it.
Can't wait until my brother sees this!  I have been looking for a purple minion for my brother and this is perfect! Perfect size and well made!
Great replica  I got this for my sister for Christmas because she loves Archer. It went as well as I had hoped. She put it on and proceeded to make it lick my face. Five stars for an awesome Christmas gift.
Love him!!!  He's bigger than i thought he'd be but that's a good thing! Super soft cuddly and very well made
This plush is the best Mario plush I have ever seen
This one was a big surprise.  My grandson has started his on recording videos of all his stuff animals and it is so cool to watch them with him.
Awesome product
he goes great with my Gengar Plush ;0
Just as adorable as in the picture.  Very, very soft.
So cute! Great quality  This little guy is so cute! Im glad I finally found, Im obsessed with all things Tesla.
Very cute and soft little stuffed animal.
My grandson loved it,  very nicely made.
so cute  I recieved this as a christmas present and I just find it irresistably adorable, I especially like how the eyepatch can be removed and reattached with a velcro, and by removing the eyepatch it reveals the pentagram in ciel's eye, I just find it adorable!
Grandson loves it but I foolishly didn't realize how BIG it was!
Super cute  Nice little Doxie.
My son loves it
This took forever to come in when I first ordered them along time ago however the seller was quick to message me asking if I have gotten my product and after telling him no he was quick to insure me my product will come in. I have had it for awhile now and there have been no rips or tears on it. Granted I know alot of people would use this for a misty cosplay but we have our sitting on a shelf with other plushes and have dusted it and moved it around a bit and st ill holding up.,
High Quality Pascal!  I've seen several stuffed Pascal toys that look fairly cheesy and fail to capture his personality, but this one's perfect! This toy looks great in person and is perfect for any Tangled fan!
It was so cute I was sad to give it to the person I ordered it for.
Cute as hell  I bought this little fellow for the birthday of my beloved girl and I must say she loves it. The little legs are adorable. If you like Link, just buy it, I'll recomend.
Hav used it for years
pokemon  I like this pokem on plush because I love pokemon!!!!!!!!!  I love pokemon it is on Cartoon network at 8:30 am on the weekends!!!!!!!!!
My son loves it  My son really loves Grover he sounds just like he does on Sesame Street and it is still soft and cuddly!!
Awesome toy!  18 month old LOVES it. Keeps her busy in the car. She cant buckle all of the buckles, or unbuckle them yet, so I know we will get lots of use out of this for a while. Thanks!
Love the Cat in the Hats you sent  Love the Cat in the Hats you sent.  Thank you for the excellent service, gonna make a Birthday Boy very happy.  Me...I keeping one for my book case.
It looks great and my son loves it!
Perfect  Great quality, exactly as pictured. He loved it!!
Good quality toy  Looks like the picture, good quality.
I bought the last one  My granddaughter loved it.  It is the perfect size for a small child to carry around. It was retired so I don't know if it is still available.
Arrived pretty early so can't complain.  Plus they look pretty good.
Very nice
Super cute and soft! Perfect for any studio ghibli fan! :)
A lot better than expected  A lot better than expected. Lots of room to fit my Littles lunch and all of her snacks. She loves it!
Excellent quality, better than advertised. Quick shipping.
Very cute stuffed animal!  We bought this stuffed animal as a toy for our English Springer Spaniel as she loves stuffed animals and, since she is out of the puppy stage, she does not chew them..  This 'Mini-Me' is her favorite. She 'talks' to it and takes it with her for naps. It really looks a lot like her. She has had it for 4 months and it is still her first choice. Yes, I know, we spoil our pets :)  We loved seeing how happy she was when we gave her this toy! and it's held up nicely  to daily use.
Very pleased
A Perfect Representation of Chi!  I really love the Chi's Sweet Home book series that this cat came from. Originally I was going to only buy one of the two poses, but I couldn't decide which I liked better so I decided to buy both and give one away to someone who I thought would really like it. I actually didn't give either away  because both representations of Chi are too cute to. These toys are so cute I recommend them to everyone who loves Chi's Sweet Home, or cute expressive cats. I think these would be perfect to give as a gift with book one, or any of the other books in the series, to a young cat lover or even an older one if they like stuffed toys and books about cats.
Great quality. Prompt delivery. Very pleased
love it :P
Perfect size for a toddler  Perfect size for a toddler; soft fur and nice quality, with soft eyes.  great for a take-along in the car and for nap-time.
beautiful toy!  In Spanish, beautiful toy!
Great For Any Age  Bought while my son was studying the black plague in Euro. history and then we incorporated it into his Biology class also.
Short but sweet review. Delivered faster thans I was expecting and seriously adorable! Love Lil Bub!
Got it for my wife as a gift - She loves the game
Love it, perfect.
So cute  This is literally the cutest thing i've ever bought off amazon. I gave this to a friend for Christmas and she absolutely loved it.
Durable  My son after almost 2 years still have it!
Just what I wanted. Our granddaughter was so excited with Mickey. She immediately gave him a hug & kiss!
Great toy!
This will be the perfect gift for my little one when he gets here  So cute.  This will be the perfect gift for my little one when he gets here.
Omg my grandbaby will not put peppa down...she loves it .. Thanks 
beautiful condition!! my daughter was amazed!!
Love it!
greatttttttttttttttttttt  the kittys are so soft and the house they are in is soft as well my kiddo loves it.it was also shipped in a large box so the toy was not smooshed like many other things I have gotten online...great toy :)
Perfect!  This Elmo doll is perfect for my 20 month old son. Very soft, great size for toting around in diaper bag, in the car, etc. He carries him from bed to living room. Good quality, feels like it isn't going to fall apart anytime soon.
Very nice and super cuddly! Looks just like the picture.
Soft, Plush and Just Too Cute  The cutest momma wolf with baby you've ever seen.  So soft and plush.  The baby is attached to the mother and cannot be removed.  I love stuffed animals and this one is my favorite of all.  It's just so cute how the mother seems to be protecting her baby as he stands between her front paws.  I love to hold it and run my hands over the soft fur.
Nice and fat like egg man should be!! Love it!
tea strainer  The size fits nicely over a cup and the mesh is fine but sturdy.  This should last a long time.
Love it !
Just as described!!
Five Night's at Freddy's Plush Funtime Foxy  The plush was in perfect condition.
Cute  Fuzzy fun! Nice quality.
Cute doll  My 4 year old granddaughter loves the doll.  Wish there was a "Grandma" one.
She loved it  Got this for my niece, she couldn't stop carrying it around. Very soft and looks well made. Kinda of a pain to wrap, but thats it.
Came in at the door perfect and intact.
Better then I ever expected!  This  Plush Grinch is even better then I expected. It is well made so should last a long time and is also very soft and cuddly for children to love holding. I would recommend this product!
Love this doll  Very cute and lovable, excellent quality. As usual with every purchase of Amazon, arrived timely!
Cartoon come to life!  Although the toy is not quite as "plush" as I expected, its funny antics and gyrations entertain so that much that it thoroughly compensates for any lack of 'cuddliness'. I highly recommend it for anyone of any age!
Cute!  My daughter was very excited to receive this sloth for her 9th birthday. It sheds a little, but other than that perfect.
I was very happy with product  Cute little stuffed dinosaur. My nephew loves his. Although smaller than expected, I was very happy with product.
My 9 year old grand daughter loves these
he loved this toy  Our grandson is totally in the Pokemon craze right now; he loved this toy!
Small it really cool
Happy Grandson  My grandson loves this elephant!  It's soft and just perfect for little hands!  He loves to cuddle with it and carry it everywhere.
my little boy enjoys this toy
Nice job loved the tepig, keep up the great work  Thank u my nephew loved it, I loved it as well it was perfect , I'm very appreciated 
very cute
A great Ariel doll that will go great in my collection  A great Ariel doll that will go great in my collection.  I'm a huge Disney fan and The Little Mermaid is my most favorite of all.
Grabs those fine hairs  All other brands of tweezers I have tried have been very frustrating to use. Those from Tweezerman are the only ones that hold onto fine hairs well enough to pull them out.
It's now her favorite stuffed animal  My youngest granddaughter wanted a fish for Christmas. Since she's too young for the real thing I got this for her. She named it Squishy and really loves it. It's now her favorite stuffed animal. Also it was well made.
It looks so blue and shiny!  I've just ordered this blue one and it looks so blue. I can't wait until I get it. I love the colour blue.
great minion  a great doll for the price at the stores they are very expensive.  I was very happy with the service I received also they were very helpful when I had a problem with the shipping.
Super cute and well made.
Great  I got this for my little sister for Chirstmas and she loves it! I'm very happy with my purchase! :)
Great product!  Item as described. Kids love them
Cute!  I bought this for a friend for her birthday, and it was super cute! It was smaller than I expected, but that's my fault because it says the measurements
Barney took the slow boat from China but arrived unscathed.
Dazzling Doll!  Bought this for an adopted Christmas Child. It looks and feels just like the Disney models, only less expensive. I am sure the little girl getting this will love it.
She is now 33 and I had yet to find her the perfect canine. Kyle  This is Kyle. My daughter was born in the Year of the Dog. She is now 33 and I had yet to find her the perfect canine. Kyle! He is wonderfully hideous and completely adorable. He is about the size of a football.
Awesome !  Arrived just in time ! The product has great quality !
My 5 year old son loved it.
super cute and even bigger than i expected. love it
Love it!  I bought this for my Granddaughter's Easter Basket. She loved it. It is the perfect size for a toddler. The shipping and packaging were great.
Cute cat in the hat.  Plush, cute, nice toy.  Used as diaper cake topper.
This is my pups favorite toy. Such a hit.
Fun  Grandson loves it!
exactly what it looks like in real life  exactly what it looks like in real life, face is probably a bit too round compared to the character in the show but not a big deal.
It's a stuffed Vulpix doll. I got what I bought.  I didn't expect it to do tricks or anything.
Seemed to be of good quality construction  Seemed to be of good quality construction, very soft and the tails flop around freely.  Was as advertised.  My Granddaughter was very excited to get this as one of her Christmas gifts.  She just discovered Pokemon and Vulpix is her favorite.  But it's an old original pokemon and very hard to come by.  I balked at paying so much for a stuffed doll, but the quality of it and, of course, my Granddaughters face on Christmas morning was worth it.
so much perfection  just got mine today, best plush i ever seen i have no complaints about it its perfection id recommend and would buy it again in fact id buy 20 more but sadly im not made of money
Got these for my daughter & she loves them.
Awesome product  I bought this for my 22 month old granddaughter for a long car trip. The 4 year old loved to unbuckel so the baby could buckle. They played with it for hours. Thanks for a great product!
Gotta Love Cogsworth!  Just as pictured!  Very cute!
Disney Frozed Exclusive 9 inch Plush Fogure Olaf  We were at WDW several weeks ago. Our granddaughter wanted the stuffed animal from Frozen. There was not one to be had in the WDW complex. So when I returned home, I ordered it and was so happy it arrived so much sooner than predicted. She was thrilled with it.....thank you so much
Great product- my 2 years old son (and I...) is in love  Woody is now my son's best friend. The size is perfect for hugging and carrying for a toddler. High quality, fine fabric.
Daughter loves it!.  It was $5 cheaper than a retail store.  And its authentic from TOMY.
Very cute and soft.
Shopping Cart Entertainment  This a great toy! I use it at the grocery store to keep my 16-month old entertained in the shopping cart.
Soft and cuddly. We have now had two of these puppies (not ordered from the same companies), but my daughter carries them with her non-stop.
adorable!!  Super cute! Smaller than I thought but its perfect size for my 7 1/2 month old. I love that its organic. I know its safe for my baby who's constantly putting everything in her mouth. It has a rattle in her head and my baby girl loves playing with it, and snuggling with it. Super sweet toy.
excellent
Adorable Oddish Plush  I received my Oddish Pokedoll tonight and it is brand new and exactly how it was described. Thank you for your wonderful service.
My son can't put it down!  My son absolutely loves this toy. I bought it because he was already obsessed with buckles. He would sit in front of his car seat, high chair and stroller snapping together the buckles, then waiting for me to undo them so he could do it all over again. But now he has a toy that he can drag all over the place, doing the exact same thing. I love that there are so many of them and of varying types. He is getting plenty of practice on his fine motor skills. Great product. I would definitely recommend.
Awesome replacement for the original  I got this for my friend that just had her gall bladder removed. She loves it! Just needs to keep it away from her dog. Darn dog. I got an appendix from this company a few years ago and gave it to my sister and she loved it too! Fun replacements for people that are sadly missing their original parts.
Carries it everywhere! Only 18 months. His favorite movie! Was definitely a good thing for Grandma to give him!
Pikmin collectors look here  This fey chain pikmin is a cheaper alternative to the actual size purple pikmin. The quality is great and it adds another demention to your pikmin collection.
softest panda around
after 3 wonderful grandson. The size and the colors are perfect  Got this for my first granddaughter, after 3 wonderful grandson. The size and the colors are perfect!!!!
He is very high quality and makes for an excellent sleep buddy  My daughter loves this guy. He is very high quality and makes for an excellent sleep buddy.
Shipped quickly  Looks exactly like the picture!
Big Hit  I bought this for my grandnephew for his birthday.  He loved it!  His mother says he sleeps with it every night!
Nice size
Cool!  Cute.  Kid loved it.
Adorable! Just like a real puppy. My children love this little puppy.
Perfect toddler companion
My son loved this. It was super soft and cute  Came in a timely manner. My son loved this. It was super soft and cute.
I saw this at Disney World. This was the exact same one I saw.
I bought this cute product for my loving niece. She loves this friend. So do I.
love him.  Love him, great plush at great price.
Babies love the look and sound of Elmo  My one year old granddaughter loves her "Ready for School" Elmo so I bought her this one since it's safe for bed.  She sleeps with him every night.  Babies love the look and sound of Elmo. Both my granddaughters have.
He was perfect! So soft & my daughter was ecstatic!
Favorite Pokemon Plush  Of all of the Pokemon Plushies that I have purchased for my children, this one is probably my favorite.
Our daughter's FAVORITE stuffed animal!  We bought this for my step-daughter that lives out-of-state. It's her favorite stuffed animal and she has many. She didn't have a giraffe yet and this was the cutest one I could find online anywhere. She said "It's so cuddly." And that she sleeps with it "every night"! I'm really glad we got a gift that she is spending time with, since we can't be with her often enough!
Great
kids love it.  made very well and very soft. kids love it.
Great
good quality and also cute
My son loved this! It's small but was the perfect size for him (he is 18 months). He carries this around and gives him hugs and pretends to bark like the dog. Very cool product
Such a cute doll!  This is an adorable little mermaid. My toddler adores her and sleeps with her nightly. She's definitely not water safe which bummed her out for a bit but overall she loves it!
Cute  Love it, so cute.
It was very cute.  It was exactly as I expected it to be.  Just the right size.  It was exactly what I wanted .  It was just the right size for my display for an arts and crafts show.
my grandkids love them!  So very cute, my grandkids love them!
My four-year-old niece loved it  I thought this was adorable, as did my four-year-old niece who is into Sophia the First. Look like it does in the photo.
early christmas gift  my son will get this for christmas, he will love it
The amazing Groudon plushie  this is my favorite Pokemon plush thank you for getting him to me!!
Extremely Good Quality for a good price  Very high quality with the details such as the tuff's of hair on his head and the stiching being done extremely well. This was the best present I've gotten my girlfriend since we got together and I recommend this to anyone that has a close person that loves either the show and or the movie. I would love if there was an attack mode version with the 4 arms.
my son combed his hair and called him trump not kidding
Big Hugs Elmo was a huge huggy hitwith our young grandson!  Our four year old grandson asked for Elmo for Christmas. The one I ordered did not come in the typical toy shop display box but in a plain carton so our grandchild had no idea what the package contained until he got the carton open. Because the arms move for hugs, there are some restrictions or recommendations on how to store the Elmo doll; which makes sense. This could be a problem as small children just sort of drop what they are playing with when something else catches their eye. So far Elmo has been carefully cared for and appears to be holding up in perfect operating condition.
Plue  I love him. The kids at my work do too.
My granddaughter lived it!
Cool cute plush Gizmo, not too small of a size just right. Worth it for the price.
Nephew loved it
Came on time and boxed nicely
Perfect for Rainbow Dash fans!  As a Rainbow Dash fan, I'm really happy with this plush. She looks a lot like in the show! What you see in this picture is what came in and this is what you should get. As a brony, this is perfect. This is flawless and I'm happy with my purchase!
Excellent display at our baby shower...
Just as decribed!  My daughter in love with her
Wonderful  My son loves Toy story so I thought this would be a excellent present. I know he will love it. It looks so nice and just how he likes he covers. Excellent gift for kids of all ages.
great to hug  It's huge, well-made, and firmly packed. Soft, great to hug! Only thing I don't like is the "hair" on his head, it's made of felt or something.  That feels cheap. Otherwise, GREAT.
great buy  It was bigger than I expected love it
BIG hit with my little Sonic!  These were a birthday present for my little Sonic's 6th birthday and I don't think she could be happier. Sonic goes every where with her and at night they all have a place on her bed.
Perfect for any Whovian!
Great Christmas  gift, my little niece loves it
LOVE IT
good quality doll  Cute, good quality doll.
granddaughter loves this
Great buy  This shiny Vaporeon arrived exactly when it said it would. Very big and cuddly :3 I love it.
IT'S SO GREAT  It's great, the whole this strong and durable and so realistic and cute!!!
Daughter loved it.  Item arrived quickly. Daughter loved it.
Loving the Buckle Toy "Bizzy"  I was so excited to find this Buckle Toy. My 20 month old grandson fiddles with any buckles he can find. He loves this toy and it has been very entertaining for long road trips or distraction purposes. With him, it ranks right up there with Elmo!
Kids love this  My boys LOVE this and sleep with it every night. One of the best gifts they have. Great color, Great stitching . Well made
I LOVE THIS
Great BUY
My boyfriend loved it!
Elmo is the perfect size for a infant  My almost 2 month old grandson loves it... his eyes get big when he sees elmo and he can grab onto him. Elmo is the perfect size for a infant... it's small, not big and in the way, or intimidating. It's soft from top to bottom. I am so glad i found this one where even the eyes and nose are made out of soft material and not plastic. Great buy...great price...great product.
Daughter loved it! Delivered on time as promised  Daughter loved it!  Delivered on time as promised.
A little bit tight but still great  Great item with good price
Buy the gift of Boo!  Neat little plush dog. My kids love Boo, so I purchased this as a Christmas present for my older girl.
Gave it as a gift TWICE and both kids loved it!!!
She loved it  As you know, having an asian GF is very hard to please -- especially Filipino! Luckily this trusty Panda Domo came through and she loved it. Probably more than me! Oh no.  Thank you. Definitely buy this.
Love it!!  I ordered it as a gift and my boyfriend loved it.
Awesome!  So cute!
So cute  Soft and adorable! Shipped quickly and well worth the price.  My nephew loves Peppa Pig so I was very excited to find George.
Nice toy.
Mario & Luigi Plush Toy LOVED  The grandsons LOVED them!
i love it
Cute white rabbit!!  I love this stuffed rabbit. He is so cute and exactly like the character. Very well made. Packaged well and arrived promptly. Very hard to find White Rabbit items.
Gift for my rad nephew  This back pack should come with a warning - Sure to inspire jealousy from your friends and make you a person to envy! Buyer beware!
Looks beautiful. My nephew will LOVE it!
yayayayy!!!!!
Daughter is happy  Nice small Jack my daughter loved it
awesome!  great product, fast shipping :)
Grandbaby loves this!  The lights and sounds seem to fascinate my 4 month old granddaughter.  She falls asleep with it..  This is her favorite!
a great toy  my babby sister absolutely loves it its a decent size to she runs around with it in a bucket just like in the movie i don't let her add water to it tho because im afraid what might happen although she trys to feed it ham
It was very good toy was a perfect gift for the holidays
Fun toy for a 5 year old  My five year old son, who loves Minecraft, loves this stuffed skeleton! The toy is super soft and is about 12 inches long. My son plays with it quiet often and never goes to bed without it.
Really large and awesome!  We were very happy with Domo Skeleton, the only comment I would like to add is it des not stand on its own.
We bought this for our 6 month old labrador puppy.  We have found that stuffed animals that aren't made for dog toys last longer than those that are supposedly specifically for dogs because these last longer.  Our dog LOVES his Nemo!
Skinny beauty  Great design, she is a little thinner and longer than I expected, but some squirrels are like that in real life, she has great body musculature as well, her eyes appear odd shaped, but don't let that fool you, the whites around the eyes are fur, not felt. The toes and body shape are very impressive, she shredded a little but those are only scrap pieces that are byproducts of manufacturing. The squirrel came in a nice box and protected very well with plenty of care. It came quickly. I wish they brought the black back!
Great stuffed animal  I love domo and had to buy this doll (stuffed animal).  For the $15 or so pricetag, this is not only a great value but a great item.  The fabric is nice and textured, appears to be stitched very well and has a good volume to it (not too firm or soft).  This is a great buy and my only concern is that the mouth has a cardboard backing.  While not a problem for me, but i will eventually give this to my son and I am quite sure it will be test and the cardboard will be learned on or even punched.  So, I don't know how form-fitting it will stay once that happens, but its behind material and don't assume it will look bent or broken - just an added thought.  Worth it? Yes.  PROS: *good quality all around (fabric, stuffing and stitching) *large (12.5" tall)  CONS *cardboard backing in mouth area - child can easily bend *teeth felt is somewhat glued on - could easily be ripped off (and easily glued back on).
My son loves this toy. Purchased for his first flight and it kept him busy!
Everyone in my house loved this so much, even my dog, who ate its face off.
kids loved it!
Cute.  My little sister really wanted this toy so I got it for her. She was very excited and happy with it.
My daughter was so happy with this set.  She loves playing with them.
Super cute and adorable, but still kinda sketchy ;)
Love our Pete the Cat pupped!  Entertaining, fun, well made.
Cute and quality!  Super cute! You can really tell it's a high quality official item. You can stuff his tongue in his mouth and when you squeeze it pops out! Great present for any Boo fans out there!
Granddaughter  loved it
Cute and soft!  So cute and soft! My boyfriend got this for me for Christmas. He has a little loop on the top of his head so you can hang him somewhere. Well made.
It was a gift from my brother and I love it. I keep in my car for change because I leave it every where.
My baby loves this gloworn  Gloworn has been one of the favorites for my daughter for the past six months. Since the day one she would hold the Gloworn to her chest, and would sleep by the soothing sound. then she was 8 months. Now, after four sessions of battery changing, my 1.4 yr old would still happily hold it by her chest and lullaby, would happily listen to the sound it makes, and would try to feed it. I hope the dim light on its face helped the darker nights, but i don't remember my daughter longed for that light.
I love this plush better then the fake one  I love this plush better then the fake one. I'm so glad that they finally made an offical Rosalina plush. I love this plush!
excellent!!
Buckle toy "Buster"  My 14 month old grandson is fascinated with buckles, so this was the perfect toy for Christmas....not only does he find the buckles fun and interesting, but we can help him learn his colors...we are very happy with "Buster"
Great birthday surprise for grandson
love it  this is totally cute.  it's nice and big and soft.  my daughter just loves it
Perfect, my son loved it!
Super cute. Colors are vibrant, appears to be well-made, arrived intact
Funny gift.  Everyone got a kick out of it and even the dogs like it.  It's holding up well and still makes noise after a few months
Great Christmas gift, arrived in awesome condition, everyone happy!
great toy for a little boy!  This is so cute!  All the little toys fit inside the trunk of the car and can be carried around!
Cute soft pillow  My 1 year old son loved it
Definitely buy this if you love Light  So i bought this for a friend on her birthday and gave it to her at school........She carried it around for a week and showed it to everyone she saw! XD She really loved it (and I almost kept it because even though I love L, it was really cute!!!). It's pretty durable and is a great size. It was also in very good condition and came quickly. BUY IT! :D
Very shiba
Great toy to teach little fingers fine motor skills.  Excellent quality. Great toy to teach little fingers fine motor skills.
Nice gift for a little one  This is a cute soft toy with several types of buckles for little hands to practice on. Nice gift for a little one.
So cute, great buy, great price, great toy!  This is one of the best Elmos we have bought! It's nice to have our son be able to play with Elmo goes potty and then he is able to try his potty. It's a big incentive and he wants to be like his toys. It really works in my book! :D
Better than My Pal Violet!  I purchased both Cora and Violet for my daughter.  While Violet is more attractive, Cora has more options and is more fun.  Plus, I purchased Cora when Amazon had her deeply discounted so the value was great!
great- as advertised
Just what my granddaughter wanted.
This was adorable and my granddaughter loved it. It was made well and I was pleased with the purchase.
Perfect.  Adorable, I bought all four of the "kiss kitties." My best friend couldn't have been happier. They shipped in the perfect amount of time, also.
Grade A #1
Absolutely ADORABLE  Absolutely LOVE my itty bitty plush!!! 
This was a gift but it was immediately loved. Great product and great purchasing experience  This was a gift but it was immediately loved. Great product and great purchasing experience. Highly recommend both seller and product.
My granddaughter absolutely LOVES this buckle whale!  We've named him "Jonah"
Great SOFT toy for any kid.  Love the color.
Cute
great product arrived quickly will definitely buy again!!!
I love Sizzix Bigz  I love Sizzix Bigz!  I really hate buying other dies because you can use lightweight chipboard with the Bigz.  I do have trouble using a medium weight (57/58pt).  But the lightweight (24pt) works really well.
So ugly it's cute  We have a few uglydolls. My kids love them. They are well made and perfect for any kid who loves stuffed animals.
Perfect Child's Pet Keepsake  We had to put down our chocolate lab, Scout, on Sunday. This chocolate lab stuffed animal is the perfect size and softness for a keepsake for both my kids (I purchased two). Bought a small collar & engraved dog tag and now he looks just like our beloved Scout. This is also good therapy for me;  and I can hug him after a good cry. I highly recommend this specific brand and product because the plastic nose has nostrils -not just a button nose. You will not regret purchasing this for your chocolate lab keepsake!!!
Beautiful is an understatement  Beautiful is an understatement! This doll is precious and super soft. Bunnies By the Bay delivers an outstanding product.
Perfect little companion for the Beatrix collection of Peter Rabbit Tales! Really brings the stories to life for little ones! Have used several of these Gund Bunnies to decorate my packages for baby showers! Big hit at the last party! Thanks ......  The Adirondack Artwitch
good condition.  Delivered as promised, good condition.
ehhh  super damn damn damn small lol i thought it was 5.0 oz  but nahh hahaha it was 0.5  still it works good not just what i expected
Daughter loves it
My Little Cousin Love it
Plush, Soft Cow  My grandson loves this very plush, soft cow.
Looked just like my dog  Precious.  Looked just like my dog. My nephew loves him
LOOKS REAL!!!  I fell in love with him when I saw him on my PC.  When he was delivered all I could say was "AHHHHHHH".  He's adorable and so are the things he says.  He looks very real.  I have him sitting on my desk next to my PC and another bulldog.
Super Cute  Cute as can be - nicely sewn and detailed.
Great plushy!! So soft!!!
awesome sailor jupiter plush!:)  I love this sailor jupiter mini plush doll,  so cute and I love her hair,  so soft and pretty:) Looks just like her :) it came on time, packaging was very nice too:)
Cute
My grandson love it!
Super cute  A bit smaller than I thought, but my daughter totally loved it. She liked the movie, but thought this character was the greatest and super cute...so had to get it for her.
Peter Rabbit is a classic, this stuffed animal was a complete gift with the book box set.
Arrived quickly and is a great item
THESE ARE NICE ...  In my attempt to organize and declutter my bathrooms I purchased 2 sets and they have a nice clean look to them.  I wanted something plastic out of a safety concern, just in case one of my kids knocked it over but was concerned about the look of plastic. We just remodeled our baths and the sets fit in very nicely with our updated decor.  These do not look cheapie. They stay neatly stacked and are well made.  It's just what I needed.  I have purchased several Danielle products and have not been disappointed with a thing!
Very soft and cuddly.  I got this as a gift for my friend and she was ecstatic!  The first thing I noticed were the ears were flattened by the box it came in. Worried, I took it out, and then was surprised that the ears went right back up! It's realistic, well constructed, and the material is insanely soft.
exactly as pictured n is so adorable! love it  Came so fast!!! exactly as pictured n is so adorable! love it!
Sweet and soft  Sweet and soft
Good  I bought two of these for my sons who are more than pleased. My oldest sleeps with it every night he loves jake
So adorable~!  He's so cute, and looks exactly like in the game. However he dosent sit nor stand. he arrived quickly, too :]
Looney for Luna  Well-made and so cute!  Love that the facial details are embroidered.  Looks just like her.
It is super cute!  I got this plush for my nephews but almost kept it for myself. It is super cute!
Adorable! ;)
This is the cutest gift ever.  he signs and ears go up and down.  Was a hit at the baby shower.  My second order
GREAT COMPANY TO WORK WITH  GREAT COMPANY TO WORK WITH ! ! !  LOVE SUPER GROVER. . . SUCH A CUTE LITTLE GUY ! !
Love Hammer Bros!  Great plushie.. super soft and adorable. It has great detail and very well made! Super addition to my Mario plushie collection. I totally recommend this toy.
I had a really hard time finding a cute Tinkerbell doll and for the price this one is perfect!!  This Tinkerbell doll is so cute and larger than I thought it was going to be!  I purchased this for my daughters 2nd birthday as Tinkerbell is her favorite and she sleeps with it every night and carries it around the house with her all day!
Wonderful Altaria!  So cute! So fluffy! One of my favorites, and the face is so great! This is the best plush of Altaria I have seen. It's not palm-sized, but it is small enough to fit comfortably in my hand. That just adds to its charm!
so good
Great for 2.5 year old boy  2.5 year old boy loves this doll, take it with him everywhere.
Kermit is perfect <3
soooo cute  perfect cute no dangerous parts or pieces...super fast shipping. highly reccomend for young children. a good starting point for dolls soft and safe
Grandson was very pleased with it.  Works for me!!!
Precious!  My two grandchildren (girl, 8, boy 5) are just crazing about this plush toy.  They brought it to school and it got a lot of interest!  For what it is worth, I periodically toss these types of toys in the washing machine and they do very well.  It is the perfect gift for your Star Wars and/or Angry Bird little addict.
Adorable and showed up on time :)
arrived on time, sings as stated
Great!  I will gonna use this doll for my class.  Luke used Substitute. Luke's HP's 25% is gone. Substitute is made.
Perfect young baby toy  My great niece loves it.  Perfect young baby toy.
Tummy Stuffers  I was very pleased with the product and the delivery speed. My little brother thinks its the greatest thing in the world and is always walking around showing everyone that he can stuff things. He usually carries his stuffed animals around inside of it.
He is soooo cute!
Kids love them!  My kids love these! They look just like the pictures. This game is really popular still so I was lucky to receive these at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion. I still paid $20 for them and I am glad I did. Since there are six in the pack, I used them as rewards for my kiddos and they seem really well made. The material is soft but they are sturdy as well. The characters are true to the game and don't look cheap like some other character products I have bought in the past. My four year old was especially excited for the frozen pea shooter. My daughter loves the cat one (can't remember what it's name is). I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the game. I thought they would be tiny but they're a pretty good size. I'll try to update with a picture of each when my kids wake up and locate them all for me.
I LOVE it! It's really well made  This is currently living on the floor of my son's nursery and honestly, I LOVE it! It's really well made, a lot of fun, the fur doesn't shed and it comes with lots of little touches like the claw hands and tiny ears. It also has those great non-slip nubs on the bottom. I want to lay on it myself!!
This was a gift It is adorable!!!
I loved this! My nephew lost this same monkey in a house fire and this was the only place we could find it. Thank you!
So worth the money!
Softest stuffed animal!  This was my nephews favorite toy to sleep with. It's super soft and has a beanie tooshie! Not to mention the adorable floppy ears. I had to get one for my newborn baby!
Great Toy  This is a graet, cute and nice finished toy. Nice size because is kind of tall I really recommend it
Perfect  I purchased this plush a while ago for my brother, and I do have to say it is amazing. He has had it for a year now, and despite how much he plays with it, it is still in pretty good condition. It is the perfect size to carry around outside, while also being just the right quality to last for a very long time. This was the first Pokemon Center plush I ever purchased, and have to say I was very impressed. Now I am a regular buyer whenever I want another Pokemon plush. Overall, this plush is still my favorite of them all, and I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes this Pokemon.
So cute and soft.
Love this little guy. Definitely worth the purchase.
Cute toy!
cute
Great for a 5 year old. She loves it.
Great!!!
She loves it!
PERFECT  Bought 4. 2 Boys & 2 girls. They are absolutely perfect. Very detailed. I couldn't be more Happy with this company. Thank-you. Hope to do business with you again
Awesome  Best doll I bought my kids so far
Nice quality! Recommend!  This is a high quality plush that is made very well!  My son wants to collect the rest of the characters as the Freddy plush he received from this seller is also of fine quality.  The Minecraft-style figures are very cool also. Shipping was very fast considering the distance. Thanks!
4 year old loves it!  My daughter quickly made this one of her new favorite toys. She loves it.  The end. Except I need more words.
Bund Boo  Great item, the price was right and the company I bought it from (Bealls FL) was awesome! 5 stars plus!!
so deadly cute!  I love my little Bitemare! She is so deadly adorable & soft. My cats are afraid of her & she brings wonderously terrifying nightmares. She arrived quickly, well before the estimated time. And the email from the Nanny is perfect. I may have received this little Bitemare for free in exchange for a good review but I would have happily paid full price for her.
Simple and funny  So hysterical. At first, I thought our 5 month old Grandaughter would be scared of this bunny. Not so... she loved it. So entertaining for her to just watch. Great price too.
Very nicely made plush  Very nicely made plush. GE is improving on the Sailor Moon plushies with each one. This character's design is a little complex with details, but the plush looks great/accurate and doesn't look rushed.  Hoping to get the new Pluto & Neptune plushes. And I hope they consider more enemies, like the Spectre Sisters from SailorMoonR
Good small plushies  Item as described. Good little plushies for any current or future Minecraft fan.
Foxy Fox Doll  Just what we wanted.
To my wife...  after almost 2 years the turtle its whit us! its a great toy, my wife love the turtle, so she loveit
Nice  Gave this to my girlfriend as a thank you gift. She loved it! Photos attached below is a size comparasion to an iPhone5 If you're unsure what 3.5 inch looks like. $10+ is a steep price for tsum tsums since you buy them in store for $5 but since you can't simba in store anymore I guess it's okay. Arrived in a plastic bag which is nice because in store they're out in the open.
Cute mermaid toy  These are the cutest mermaids.  My daughter started her collection of these while we were on vacation and after we found a bunch here on amazon for good prices.
My granddaughter love's it she play all the time on it .
very nice. it's soft and looks like the picture
So cute and it looks exactly like mort
My granddaughter jumped up and down and rolled on the floor with her Olaf.  A big hit.
Lovely  it's an amazing product with a great quality
beautiful product at a most reasonable price
Smaller eevee then you thinkBut eevee is still cute!
SO so soft  Bought this for my now girlfriend to surprise her on our first date and she loved it.  She was surprised that it changes color and that it was so soft.  She named it after the restaurant we had just eaten at.  Great price for what you're getting.  UPDATE:  My then girlfriend is now my ex girlfriend.  She kept the dog.
PERFECT CHOICE  SESAME STREET TALKING SUPER GROVER ARRIVED ON TIME, IN A PERFECT CONDITION, SO THAT'S THE REASON BECAUSE I GET THEM 5 STARS OVERALL.
Fun  Debated purchase but daughter loves it. It will change personalities but you can Google how to get the one you like. Fun toy especially if you have two as they talk to each other.
So adorable. Only complaint is the volume is very low.
great
Adorable plush giraffe  My kids are fighting over this giraffe.  I guess I will be buying 2 more.  It is bigger and cuter than I thought it would be.  It has long sturdy legs and it stands up by itself.  It is soft and cuddly and my kids absolutely love to snuggle with it.  Ours has been named sparky and is already well loved.  If your child loves animals then he or she will love this large plush giraffe. I was given this complimentary giraffe to try and review.  My kids are in love with him so of course I am very happy with this product.  I highly recommend it.
Baby's favorite!  We had originally received this as a baby shower gift which my son loved so much I had to purchase a second. It makes a beautiful chiming sound instead of an annoying rattle. Love it!
Ender's Dragon Love  Love it! Kids are thrilled!
Very Cute Reindeer  This toy is very cute and my son and daughter love playing with their new reindeer.
Vaporeon  Exactly as described. Good product for the price. It took one month to receive the product thou. If you can wait it worth the wait.
Girlfriend loved it  Bought as a gift
Great seller  Came earlier than estimated.. exactly as pictured and explained.. my son is happy
Great Product  My brother and I grew up playing Final Fantasy so I thought I'd surprise him for his birthday and had this shipped to his house (he lives on the other side of the country). I thought his kids would enjoy it. Found out he put it by his desk at work, he likes it so much. Everyone knew exactly what it was because he's a programmer and they are all geeky too, which is fun. So now he enjoys his little tonberry daily and thinks of me. Win. Win.
love it!
Our Daughter Loved these.  Our daughter loved these, especially the nice extra with the removable skin. Not much else to say.
Cute and Awesome!! :D  He is very small and soooo cute. He was very soft and cuddly. He even had the scar on his left eye! I'm glad that they paid attention to detail. His eats were a little bent due to the packaging, I'm not saying that will happen to all of them, it just happened to mine. All in all he was a great purchase, and I do recommend him to any lion king fans.
Very cute! Shipping was fast.
Cute and huggable!  Really cute little snowman. Perfect for little hands. I got this for my 2 year-old granddaughter who is obsessed with snowmen and it was the perfect cuddly size and a Gund, so I knew I couldn't go wrong!
Fun toy for tummy time activities!  I received this toy to review and my four month old daughter absolutely loves it!! It sits on the floor well without falling over so she can play with it while doing tummy time! She loves to look at herself in the mirror! The ears make a crackling noise while playing with them. They do a cute peek a boo over the elephants eyes which baby laughed and smiled to! The trunk of the elephant also squeaks but that was her least favorite of the options this toy offers. All around great toy! Perfect for tummy time to have something to look at while strengthening themsekves to hold their head and body up!
Great Doll  My daughter loves it. Seems well made and she is rough on toys. It's also one of the better looking strawberry shortcake dolls that look like her.
Adorable and well made!
My boyfriend loves it!!!!
We now have the whole set of Frozen dolls. Our granddaughter loves these dolls!
They love them. Really is true  I have purchased these 'Happy Pills" several times, and given them to friends.  They love them. Really is true, that laughter is the best medicine. Also great service from the seller.
Adorable!  It was so small and cute...my little cousin loved it!
So cute and the fur is so soft!
Great product!  Fast shipping... Great product!
Great gift.  Great gift for my 6 month old niece. She loves it!!!
really neat  It is a cute little thing that makes several different noises.  Smaller than I thought it would be but that is not a problem.
Cute and cuddlable
Good
Very pleased
Is what it is  Daughter is obsessed with wolves.  She really likes this one
It is well made and a good size for carrying and cuddling  Bought this for my 8 y.o. grandson. He LOVES it! He snuggled up with it the moment he pulled it from the packaging!! It is well made and a good size for carrying and cuddling.
Love this, and so does my daughter!  Love this, and so does my daughter! She plays with it constantly, sometimes chewing on it. Really a win.
Our grandson liked it  We gave this to our four year old grandson for Christmas. He liked it. What else can you say about a stuffed animal?
Very Cute  This is very cute- a little thinner that what I thought it was, but that is okay for what we are using it for.
Loved this item  I so loved this item! It arrived before the arrival date, and in perfect condition. It was a Christmas gift for my oldest granddaughter who likes anything Jack Skellington. It was the perfect gift for her. She loves it. I finally found something that she hadn't seen before.
Worth every penny!  My little sister got one of these when she was born and still loves it and she's 7, when my daughter found it she didn't want to give it back to my sister ! So I bought this for her (she's 2.5) and she hasn't put it down since she got it. I highly recommend it! It is so cute and the perfect size (:
Every princess needs one  My 3yo loves her doll! Perfect for her to sleep with
Perfect!  Mudkip is so great! His fins are a tiny bit floppy because of packaging, but that can be remedied with a little care. He's so soft and cuddly, and I'm so happy to have him! He arrived before the expected delivery window, too--I'm very happy!
Grandson was so happy to get this
My son loves the doll. He is a huge fan of Pete the Cat! Read it to him every night while he holds on to the doll. Priceless!!
Love this guy ! Well-made and cute !
Very realistic and well made  Loved the product and will be buying more in the future. It's exactly what we wanted for our preschool Country Christmas on the Farm! Very realistic and worth the price. Well made. Each child will get to take one home as a party favor! We made lil cages for children to carry home.
it's really soft and comfortable i can't wait to hold it sleep!
So cute and really soft. Bought it as a gift for a friend and practically had to wrestle it away from my three year old.
Cute!
Super cute but the hair is a mess
AMAZING!!  What an amazing limited edition Mickey plush this is! He was made with suade-like material and is soft to the touch and is fully poseable! He has no problems standing on his own and I love the vintage mickey look. The real chrome colored buttons on his shorts are such a wonderful added touch. I loved mine so much I ended up ordering another for a friend! This Mickey mouse plush doll is definitely a MUST have for any disney collector or Mickey Mouse lover.
The Perfect Picnic Table  This is the easiest table to assemble.  We bought the 6' table and it easily sits 8 people.  It is a snap to set up, and being all one piece, when it's time to put it away, it folds easy and we just hang it on our garage wall with a couple of storage hooks.  The  picture of the table shows it as "green" so when we received it and it was "white" we thought it would be difficult to keep clean.  Because of the coating on top, it is easy to wipe clean.  Also, because it lays flat for storage, we can easily fit it in our trailer when we go camping.
It's a perfect stuffed Hippo!
Perfect  Fiance is an Eevee fanatic so I bought her this plush. I was thrilled to find it wasn't a cheap knockoff! Looks exactly as pictured and very well made.
SOOOOOO CUTE  I got this for my son and he loves it. kirby cant stand up but that is not a problem to us. Also he is very soft and you can sleep with him at night. We all think this toy is an adorable very good product. The price is not bad either.
Smaller than expected nevertheless I'm satisfied with the purchase.
This is the best toy ever  This is the best toy ever. Bought for an almost two year old to play with on a plane and it was about the only toy she needed. We had to hide it during vacation because she wouldn't put it down. Use it for long car rides now and she still loves it months later. Best purchase ever.
Princess is Adorable!!!  This plush toy is absolutely adorable!  It's also very high quality... soft and cuddly.  My daughters love Princess.  She's a lovable real dog and we follow her adventures on Instagram.  The youngest can't stop hugging the little plush and the older one loves combing her hair.  I hope there will be more Princess of Beverly Hills products soon!
tiny giraffe  this is a sweet and soft and cuddly giraffe. the delivery was perfect. I would order again and happily do so because it is of excellent quality. thank you so much.
Super cute and soft!  Super cute extra stocking stuffer for my Christmas Angels -
Talks in Japanese, though...
He was ordered as a gift for a spider man lover.  He came on time and as expected
MonHun  High-quality collectible. Ol Shoveljaw
Loved it.
Very cute  Granddaughter loves it
My daughter loves her!  My 8 year old has been pushing for an elf for 2 years and I've resisted.  Even though I know she knows Santa's secret, she is hanging on to myth and squeezing every drop of belief out!  We are surrounded by neighbors with children who have very mischievous elves and she wanted one so bad.  She had very specific requirements of what she wanted and, luckily, this one met them all!  The neighbors all agree that she's one of the cutest elves they've seen.  All the other elves had arrived and we needed on FAST...this one did not disappoint... arriving from the North Pole the day after we ordered from Amazon.  Magic!
My niece love it thank you
Finding Dory Plush Cuteness  The octopus is well worth it! I loved the movie Finding Dory and just had to have this in my collection of stuffed animals
Very happy at the end of the day.
Super cute  Super cute. I made a quilt to match and my 1 year old grand daughter immediately unwrapped her kitty and gave it snuggles. Just the right size for her. Perfect gift and love the little story that came with it
Perfect!  Exactly the quality you expect from Gund.
Great toy. Have had it for over a year. The girls are kind of scared of him now. But....
a real cutie  I love it  the only thing i found wrong is the sound is way to low but it is cute and adorable
Great product  Great quality and my kids love these.
Well made & cute  Very cute!!  Smell not strong, but It does smell like a real (bell) pepper!!  They are well made. The eyes and face are stitched & not stickers!!  My son was trying to get the s'more. Took him six times to finally get one, but they're all cute. You can always gift your doubles like my son does.
My kid loves it... runs around yelling "Mario"  My kid loves it and keeps it with him when we play Mario games together... what could be better?
Elmo!  It was a hit for the child I bought it for.  She loves Elmo and loves HER Elmo now. Smiles she has are great.
the perfect Gift  good price and just the right gift for a little girl. the doll came with a SURPRISE gift in the box! it was a little plastic Disney toy that quickly satiated the jealous little brother. Great thinking! I wish more companies would go the extra mile to provide this level of customer service. thank you.
My friends kids like it a lot. Product as described. Thanks!
Awesome, but make sure you pay attention to the size listed
ADORABLE. This picture doesnt do it justice  ADORABLE .This picture doesnt do it justice. Its small cute rounded and his belly is so cute. I almost kept it myself.
Great buy.  My kid loves them! Great buy.
I got this for my little sister for Christmas, and I remind her I bought this for her whenever she is rude to me.
I love it!!! Its a perfect size!!! Thank you
Softest Plush Toys Ever  My grandson carries the Bunnies By the Bay 14 inch Floppy Bunny everywhere he goes. We've ordered several spares to be sure to always have one on hand! We panicked to discover this bunny was discontinued. To our relief, the Skipit Pup proved to be equally soothing to young Carter. Same snugly floppiness. These toys are top quality and machine washable (even though the tag says hand wash). Couldn't be happier.
My niece loves her turtle.
Funny and engaging  Great toy, best Frozen movie toy we have seen so far.  Kids spend a lot of time playing with it.
Perfect.
My son loved it...
Gizmo is Adorable!  There were some complaints by other reviewers, but this Gizmo was a good size for us and very cute (like the movie).  We'd recommend him.
ADORABLE!  Lovable & enjoyable!
soft, cuddley, cute!  The most adorable hammer head shark plush I have ever seen, he's soft and cute, not very thick filled with plush but I think he was intended to be more sleek/thin like an actual shark maybe?  Either way I gave him 5 stars because what a great plushie, you can even use him as a neck pillow on the sofa!
Awesome , saw these in the store and i bought 4 of these for the price of 2 in the store. Shipping took a little longer than usual but these had to ship from china. My kids will love these!!!
but too cute not to love!  smaller than i thought, but too cute not to love!
My son loves it! Thanks so much!
My 2 year old loves this!
Exactly as pictured! I love him!!  Gates is so adorable  he shipped out quickly too. I ordered him Wednesday and received him Friday, which is so fast. His textured fur is so nice and I just love his little tail, claws on each hand and foot, and his the two teeth that stick out in the front. Hes everything I expected him to be.
Cute. So worth the wait...5-6 weeks for shipping.
Great gift for me lol
Awesome  The picture does not do this product justice. This is 2 feet tall and stands up in its own. My grandson absolutely loves it. Thank you for the quick delivery.
toy fine...SHIPPING RATES OUT OF THIS WORLD  TOY IS FINE...,.THE SHIPPING COSTS WERE ACTUALLY $2.87...I WAS CHARGED $17.00...THIS IS JUST NOT RIGHT
My daughter LOVED these.  Thanks!
These are super cute and well made.  My kids love them!
Sturdy and soft  My 13 month old has had it since he was 10 months old,and its still standing.lol. Sturdy and soft!
POKEMANS
A wonderful birthday present  The Foxy plush was just what's my daughter wanted for her birthday and it was delivered soon than expected. Thank you for making her special day bright!
Very helpful for the kids they love the TV series. Lots of thanks 
Favorite Toy  Favorite toy amongst my children ages 2 to 6.
Cute!
Who doesn't love an ugly doll!
It's his year  This is a very high quality plush.  I recommend it for anyone who is a fan of this Nintendo franchise.
Cuuute  Got this for my little cousin and she loves it. It's a great gift for any kid if your pair it up with the books or the Beatrix Potter DVD series.
I like it!  Fast shipping!!! Nice stuff toys, it never looks cheap!
Excellent elephant!  I bought this cute elephant for a class mascot last year.  I washed it once a week and the kids took the elephant everywhere.  It looked the same on the last day of school as it did the first and that is great for all the traveling and washing it went through.  Thank you for a great product.
Better than a stuffed animal! Amazing service  My daughters first borrowed the whale buckle toy from their cousin.... and then I discovered I could get them a penguin buckle to for their birthday!  I intended to get this so my 2yo didn't take off her shoes and socks in the car and they ended up passing  back and forth so the 4 yo would unbuckle or try to for her sister and then pass it back..... fast forward  a week later... They now hide the penguin in their bed from the other... soo after a few fights and tons of use the stitching came free on the orange buckle... The toy still being so new I contacted the company and in under a week the penguin returned! Unfortunately,  they both want one now. The  4yo loves to tell me where the penguin lives and what are her favorite  colors and count the numbers and perfectly snap the buckles, hide her favorite  toys in the zipper back pocket.... Mean while the 2yo is fully entertained until I get to a red light  then I hear please no buckle mommy and I  hand it back for her to re buckle the toy. This is excellent  for busy work, soo soft to sleep with and to my surprise great  to grow with as the kids learn numbers,  colors, zippers, and what a penguin should wear in the cold... Love the toy, highly recommend! Excellent  service recovery!  Edited****? We have had 2 of these and both are holding up well! The seller offered me a discount  to purchase  a 2nd toy! Both kids are soo happy and excellent experience. Definitely  buying thses as gifts!!
No Anger about this purchase  This toy is absolutely adorable. It sounds and looks exactly like the character in the movie and it was larger than I expected it would be. I am saving it as a Christmas gift for my son so I haven't seen his reaction to it yet but I'm sure he is going to love it.
Makes you smile  I go to cardiac rehab weekly.  I bought these pills for the nurses.  The giggling really brings smiles.  I recommend them to anyone who needs to feel happy.
9YO loves it
great product. Easy to use and clean.
My grandson is going to be so happy!!  So cute!! Exactly what I wanted!! My grandson is going to be so happy!!
Terrific winter/holiday scent  The Alora diffuser is a no fuss solution to room fragrance.  I've tried other diffusers, but this brand is definitely the best.  It lasts for months, offers a good variety of sophisticated scents and requires no care whatsoever. The Festa scent is wonderfully warm and spicy.  It's only available around the holidays, however.
DOMO KUN!  Well I'm a collector of Domo. Let's just start off with that. and Out of all my many domos Dino Domo is in my top three. It's simple Domo is awesome. Dinosours are awesome. therefore dino domo is awesome. I woudl recomend it to any domo loving individual <3
Plush  The prodcut is well made and came quickly - packaged properly and it is making a little girl very happy.
Poyo!  Sooooo soft and round, and he is perfectly detailed like he is in games/TV show (mainly they're his eyes, it's not just black and white there is some blue) I personally need my memorabilia to be spot on, and this little guy looks great with a kirby amiibo in front of him
Good quality for a small toy
Cute plush, great for any horror fan  Cute plush, great for any horror fan
very happy with the product and purchase I made.  bought this from the seller "Saltlight" and received a legitimate Disney Bing Bong. very happy with this product and purchase. can't speak for the other sellers.
look great! Thank  Arrived quickly, look great! Thank you
Great buy!  This toy is perfect for your buckle-loving kids.  We have twin 17 month olds and they don't sit still much but can spend several minutes at a time focusing on getting all the buckles in place on this toy.  They love it!
Definitely recommend!  My son was smiling ear to ear when he opened this package! this is such a special, well made plush. Definitely recommend!
Fun hand puppet!  I bought two of these and it's a fun gift for any small child who likes Pete the Cat. I bought one for my daughter and one for her kindergarten class since they have puppets in the classroom. The little jacket opens on the puppet. Just a cute toy.
My daughter loved this as a bday gift for her 14th birthday and it was cheapest on here than other sites.
I was very happy with Jack
Great toy  This toy is so cool. If youve got a Daniel tiger lover this is the best thing.
Fun Toy  Boy have these interactive bears come along way since I was a kid. Soft and cuddly. Clear sounds and words. Granddaughter plays with it until she falls asleep and then when she wakes up plays with it I hear it and not her hollering. Happy Girl!
Pony Love  Granddaughter was beside herself with these Little Ponys. She found a Christmas bag to put them in and she carried  them with her all day. Such a hit and so happy I found these!!
gdtr (3) LOVES IT
Great!  I've loved this product for years!  I love that it has a hint of sparkle in the lotion so my skin glows when I am done with it.  I highly recommend it!
Daughter's favorite.
As expected
OOPS, it's the dog's favorite toy.  It isn't intended as a dog toy, but our Italian Greyhound has one anyway. We just had to order a new one because the old one is starting to come apart (it has held up to the abuse pretty well, considering). He just goes nuts with it.
cuties
Dream come true for a 2 1/2 year old!
Outstanding Snowman  Love the guy! bought for my sister's Christmas gift. She absolutely loves it. One of our favorite characters from the old Rudolph shows!
Present for my daughter and she loves it.
but this is my dog's FAVORITE toy. Its super cute and  This sounds strange, but this is my dog's FAVORITE toy. Its super cute and durable
Girlfriend loved it
excellent product. would do business again  early and what was expected. excellent product. would do business again. love the detail. if you love black butler, you have to get this!
Good
Great product  My 20 month old son loves Barney. This was wonderful, he is small, but he sings the I love you song (us parents all absolutely love, right?) All that matters is that your child loves it, and my son loved it!!!!
Super quality and stands out  Super quality and stands out. I handed these out to my students when they graduated and they absolutely loved it. Everyone was fighting over the poop emoji ;)
Got it for my nephew and he loved them both!
17 month old grandchild loved it. Proper size for a chold in this age range
perfect!  It's the cutest little thing EVER ! I was half tempted to keep it for myself .
A+++
Great toy; fast shipping  This order arrived super fast! It is good quality at a great price and made our little girl very happy on Christmas morning. Exactly what we wanted!
Great quality!  Small (size true to item description), and very cute.  Great quality!
Love it!  I bought multiple plush stuffed heads and this one is my favorite. So cute and just like the pic!
Nice Hopefully the baby will like it  Nice Hopefully the baby will like it too
Great putchase  Great toy, my son loves it, it's soft.  It's not big is the only thing, but he doesn't seem to care.  I'm gonna buy another one to have as a backup in case he loses this one.
Gir!!!  Blend in with the indigenous life, analyze their weaknesses, prepare the planet fo the coming madness, yay! Hi floor! Make me a sammich!
Little ones best friend.  Perfect friend for your little girl. Soft love able huggable and beautiful.  The perfect size for cuddling a sleeping with, or strapping in the seatbelt beside her on a long ride.
cute Monster!  Very cute and sturdy Mike! My little one loves Monsters Inc and now Monsters University so this Mike doll was perfect. He responds well and says silly things. Good purchase!
loved  my so just loved this and its cute he keeps asking for another one material was great its just a little bit small.
AWESOME  Best bundle of Sonic plush I have ever bought! The main characters in the game all put into one bundle for children of all ages to love. Collectables or toys, these are amazing!
Kids fight over it
So cute :) This BB8 plush is really well made and my husband enjoys using it as a themed stress doll.
It's HUGE!  We got this as a special gift for my son. I was worried that it wouldn't be boss sized. I'm happy to say I was wrong and he loves it. Yay!
Was defintely worth it! My 7 year old loves it!
My granddaughter loves it
Excellent product
Very Soft and very bright and vivid - a quality toy.  Good workmanship - very nice feel to the toy.....good attn. to detail.
Adorable  Very cute, very soft. It didn't come all squished and out of proportions from shipping, which was a serious bonus (I didn't have to take it and try to stretch it to make it look "normal"). Definitely recommend for all the Lulu and League lovers out there!
... 2 yr old loves buckles so this toy is great. Very cute & colorful too  My 2 yr old loves buckles so this toy is great.  Very cute & colorful too.
Amazing quality!  It came on time. Amazing quality!
So cute!  Cutest thing ever!!! My friend loved it. She's a huge fan of otters! She has it in her desk at work.
Great product and cheaper than the stores  My son loves it! No issues with it. Took a long time for delivery but it comes straight from China.
nice
Smaller than I thought it would be.
Marcie is better than we imagined!   Marcie is very cute, and better than pictured. She is a very reasonable size, even bigger than we imagined. We also have flame princess and they look very cute together. She is a great Christmas present! 
Ohana!  I bought this as a gift for a friend.  Hello Kitty Hawaii is absolutely adorable.
Perfect
Very satisfied 
My child loved it and it arrived sooner than expected.
cute and smushy  more to the point, my 2-year-old nephew loves it!
greatgranddaughter was happy..  Bought as gift, greatgranddaughter was happy......Thank you
Perfect gift!  Very sweet.  My niece loves her Lady Baby!
Adorable!  She is just as she appears! The dress is great! Real doll hair! Really cute! If you like the muppets, get her!
Very Nice, Thank you.
Good quality  Exactly what I was expecting.  Good quality
... a gift and so far it seems to be great.  This was a gift and so far it seems to be great.
Gorgeous!  Fabulous, extremely high quality toy.  Beautiful color and details.
Adorable!  Giving this plush with a Carl the Dog book.
Too scarry for my grandchild.
The Ultimate Reciever Amp for any Serious Media Room.  I just finished dialing in the new Harmon Kardon AVR7300. It is the most flexable piece of gear I have ever seen in one unit or even in seperate components. Power is strong and clean. I am powering a room full of B&W speakers. 640,800,and CD6's. B&W are hi-end power hungry speakers and the AVR7300 has more than enough to get the job done. Bass management is as good as it gets going to my 2 Velodyne F-18 subs. Each 7 speakers are individually adjusted for.. multiple crossover points,tone,size,delay,etc.. This is great for rooms with full size tower speakers because they can be ran full range and,or, crossed over to the sub at a number of crossover points. Each speaker can be crossed over individually so large and small speakers can be crossed over in any combination(very cool) 26 effects are also adjusted individually. Video prossesing is individually adjusted as well. The AVR7300 has too many features to list here. This is the amp you want for true pro custom media room. Harmon Kardon has its own sound no other brand of amp has. It is powerfull, accurate, and warm all rolled up. I am just scratching the surface on what this big boy can do. There is a learning curve for a piece of gear that is this flexable and full of features so it is NOT for the plug-n-play fan. But, for the High-end Audio junkies, it doesnt get any better than the AVR 7300.
Kid loves it. Thanks!
... it quick it plays music & lights up I love my new glow worm  I had when I was a kid saw it here I received it quick it plays music & lights up I love my new glow worm
gift for wife and she loved it. good purchase.
Very nice curtain  I am into vintage razors as a hobby. I decorated my bathroom in antique barber supplies and this curtain was perfect for that. Has many vintage drawings of razors, brushes, etc.
Its in perfect condition and my S/O loved it  Its in perfect condition and my S/O loved it. It is more brown than the orange in the photo, but it still looks like a red panda. Definitely a good purchase.
Great product!  My boy loves it! Great product!
best zombie plush ever  i got this zombie plush doll a couple days ago and it is really cool you can pull his limbs off and pull him apart from his waist and you can evan take his jacket off and i really like this plush and i do recomend this plush if you like zombies
This was a birthday gift for my nephew. He loves this little stuffy and carries it everywhere. Total win.
Gabba Gabba  my grand baby just loves gabba gabba and she can name them all this is the best.....thank you for being great to the grandbabies!!!
sock monkey  My little girl loves sock monkeys. She didn't have one that had popping eyeballs so it was a hit! a very fun toy!
Winnie the Pooh  My daughter got this for her 2nd birthday.  She LOVES it and has been sleeping with it ever since.  It's very very soft and cuddly.  We purchased it to replace my Pooh Bear that was damaged when our house flooded last summer.  I can't say it has much educational value, but she does enjoy caring for it.
My son loves it!  Very well-made, bright and clean.  My son expects the plush things to be exactly the same as the video character.  Worth every penny since it pleased my very particular child!
Who doesn't love Hamm.  Bought Hamm as a present for my daughter with a Toy Story collection.  He is so cute and cuddly.
So happy about that  I ordered this two days before Christmas and it can in Christmas Eve! So happy about that. My son is obsessed with this game and enjoys this plush bear. I personally do not get it but he loves it and it's great quality.
The perfect gift. The knife on the tonberry is great and was not damaged/squished.
great!  Bigger then what I thought , great!
She is beautiful!  Just as I expected!
He is very happy with  Cute!  My great-grandson loves Minecraft and chose this.  He is very happy with it
SO FUN!!  This lovely plush is a great treat for kids of gaming or fantasy/ sci fi fans and for the parents alike Cthulu has never looked so adorable!! Would also make a fun toy for a pup since it's so well made.
Girlfriend loved it  Super cool little toy
adorable  Super cute for my one year old grandson. Now he can play with construction vehicles like his older brothers and not get hurt.
Granddaughter Loves these!  Perfect!
cuddly and cute  cute plush, very cuddly and can stand on it's own
Love Jack Skellington in general  Bought this one a while back and it came in the Mail TODAY! Loving this Pulshie to death considering I'm a fan of Tim Burtons The Nightmare Before Christmas (Movie). Love Jack Skellington in general. And to just simply put it this Doll is Adorable!!!!!
Just what my daughter wanted.
Cute  Great quality. Great size.
Really nice quality and super soft
My kid loved it!
Awesome product kids love this plushy.  Can't wait to purchase more
This is my angel's lovey. He carries it around. It's small so not too scary to have in the crib with him!
A new Pika for my collection  This Pikachu plush is extremely soft and looks exactly like the image shown.  The tail is a bit floppy and does not stand up without careful placement, but it hardly detracts from how cute it is.  This particular plush caught my eye since it is indeed from the Pokemon Center in Japan, and has a more unique pose than most Pikachu plush.  He is a welcome addition to my Pikachu collection and will be to yours, as well. <3  edit: It's worth noting that you can now buy this cheaper on pokemoncenter.com if you're in the US!
The kids loved it
Perfect
Exactly as described and exactly what my daughter wanted. She hasn't let it go since we got it a week ago!
The grandkid love the addition to their Toy Story collection.
Exactly as shown! Perfect for my little boy that loves the book Little Blue Truck
Soft and cute.
Adorable!  Unfortunately, you cannot fit much change in this cute lil frog, although I do believe it's more for cosplay and looks than actual function as a coin purse. It's plush, soft, and has a secure clasp when closed. This was totally worth the price.
Lots of fun
Great quality item  Great quality item, bigger than I thought too.  Our little girl is just going to get a kick out of this :)
Just Lovely  I bought this as an Easter gift for my toddler, and I have to say, this is a beautiful toy. It's well-constructed, and the fur is soft and thick. My only complaint is that it's clearly meant more as a collector's toy than a plaything, since you can't remove the clothing or change Peter's position. My son enjoys looking at it and sometimes holding it, but generally isn't much interested in it. Fantastic for an avid Beatrix Potter fan, or for an older child who doesn't want to interact with stuffed animals in quite as visceral a way.
Great Toy!  Id like to buy another one to keep in the car.
Awesome  I had no problem with the purchase, I was worried about living in Mexico but the pikachu arrived without problems Also I loved the pikachu, is what I expected
Great for birthday party favors  Exactly as described, arrived promptly. Great for birthday party favors.
very good
My Granddaughter loves this horse.
Son loves these!  Very well made dolls, my son adores them and they have already taken quite a beating.  I'm glad they were what we had ordered, it was worth the purchase.
Perfect size. Great for kids.
Very nice quality stuffed animal. My daughter loves it.
Yuh  This plush was for my girlfriend and she loves it, not because of the adorable pokemon, but because of how it reminds her of watching the anime itself, at how the plush looks very nice in quality and in perfect condition.
Nonnie - absolutely LOVE!!!!  This is my 4th review and saved the best for last. Nonnie is my granddaughter's favorite--altho it depends which day you ask her. She loves them all!! He is very well-made and that little mouth is the perfect expression for the little timid intellectual of the bunch. I'm very pleased with this purchase and proud to give them for my sweetheart's 2nd birthday. She will LOVE them all!!!!
So adorable!
It was wonderful daughter loved it.  Loved it my daughter was real happy with this she sleeps with it everynight. Thank you for quick delvery. Thank yolu.
The new mom said she liked  I bought this as a gift. The new mom said she liked it
perfect, with hair like fur  He looks like Kyle is pretty standard size for a stuffed animal. Haven't measured but I'd estimate he's 14-18" long and 8" or so wide .. he's adorable, and somewhat scratchy with his hair, but the kids love him still. The 10 year old said he's supposed to be scratchy
As expected.
Got this for my little girl and she loves it. She takes it everywhere with her.
Great plush toy. My daughter takes it with her wherever we go! Great buy!!!!!
This was a nice gift for a grandchild who was obsessed with Puss in Boots. Well made.
Perfect for a little person.
Deluxe Ender Dragon Plush  My daughter loved this dragon.  We got it at a great price, and it seems to be holding up well.  Shipping took forever since it came from China.
Very pleased  Super cute little plushie that was perfect for my Halloween costume. It even got here sooner than expected, especially since it was shipped from China. The ears lay in opposite directions  (one forward, one backward, like it was sitting on its head for a while) instead of perking straight up, but that's not a big deal. Its still really cute and a good price.
My kids love these and when I other one broke I had to order another one. It helps out my 3 month old to sleep. Love it !
Great plush!
Lots of fun  Adorable plush's.  My grandson is having a grand time with them.  I was shocked to see the size of them.  I knew they weren't mini's but I didn't realize how big they are!  Excellent purchase!
Makes you love C. ELEGANS even more !
thanks it arrived today
great
Love it!  My daughter loves sloths! I got this for her for Easter and she loves it. It's the perfect size to hang around your neck. Great buy for any sloth lover.
I liked it a lot, the delivery was really quick. Really happy with it
It it too Cute!  I needed something to complete "the look" for Literacy Day at my elementary school and "The Lorax" is just perfect!
Very soft and cute.  Well made.
Super toys r us exclusive!
good quality. just wish the side pocket was  good quality.  just wish the side pocket was wider
Very cute.
Awesome!!  I couldn't be happier with this product. It is a perfect size and feels really nice. I does bring back a lot of childhood memories by just looking at Goomba who took me down several times. hehe. I have him in my kitchen up on a counter just chilling.
Love this facial cleanser  I first bought this product at a local grocery store (I forgot which one), but now they don't carry it anymore. Then I found it on Amazon. So I bought a lot of it a year ago. It doesn't leave any oily residue or feeling. It doesn't leave your skin dry either. I like that this cleanser suds as you scrub your face. The price is right, and Amazon offers free shipping on it too (Please don't stop carrying this product).
Batty over this toy!  Purchased for a gift... She LOVES!
Unique and cute  My grand-daughter loved it.  She was pleased with the size and the uniqueness compared to the Barbie doll style.  Great gift for young girls who love Monster High.
donutina  this is so cute you should by it like right now! this is a cute stuffed plush from toki doki
Perfect gift  Super soft and was the perfect gift for a friend. Cheaper to purchase here than a normal store
christmas gift  thanx for fast shipping. love it
Love!  My baby loves this toy!! He sleeps with it and eats it and carries it around all the time. And it is really soft.
Adorable!  I love the plush! It is adorable and it came a lot earlier than expected! The quality is great and the item is amazing! :D
Ok good toy
but it was more like a miniature stuffed animal  It was smaller than I expected.  Probably my fault for not reading the description that well. I thought it would be the size of a pillow (we have one similar that is), but it was more like a miniature stuffed animal.  It worked out perfectly though, as that's what my daughter loves the most.  So we love it and it was a great Christmas gift!
perfect
our toddler loves it  We have a thirteen-month old son who adores his singing birds.  With a little luck, he is on his way to a life filled with bird-watching and a love of nature.
my daughter loves this thing. hes kinda polyester feeling but again, my kid loves it so I don't complain
Just what my granddaughter wanted...she loves it.
Great so far!  My 4 year old daughter bought this "with her own money" that she earned from dog sitting and she is thrilled with her purchase.  She loves this toy and it seems to be holding up very well.
Super cute
Super Cute!  My 4 year old is really into Toy Story 1 right now. Plays with her older sisters Buz so the will love this woody to go with him!
Awesome  It's exactly as said, my daughter loves it!
Arrived as expected and my grandson was happy
We have also ordered Maximus - if only he looked as beautiful and realistic and was as well made as Sven  He is spot on.  We have also ordered Maximus - if only he looked as beautiful and realistic and was as well made as Sven!
Yoda Stitch is a HIT!!  Bought this for my baby brother's third birthday since he loves Star Wars and Lilo & Stitch. I was a little nervous that he wouldn't "get" that he was Stitch dressed up as Master Yoda but he took it out of the gift bag and immediately recognized Yoda Stitch - as he calls him. All in all, it was a little pricey but nothing that I probably wouldn't have paid at Disneyland. He was a complete hit so Yoda Stitch was worth the money.
My daughter loves this dog!  We have 4 total!!
Daughter loves it  She had boots and wanted dora.  She loves them both and plays with them all the time. I would like to find the rest of the cast lol...
Small but cute  A bit smaller than I expected but still cute and soft
SOOOO CUTE!!
great product for the price  Very cute for my 3 year old, great product for the price
Love this!  So soft! Love this!
This was a amazing product. My daughter loves it. Just the right size for her squeeze.
Adorable!!
Granddaughter loves it.  This was a huge hit at our two-year-old granddaughter's birthday party.
Cuddly Elmo  My grandson likes to watch Elmo, so now he has his own.
Great for Dexterity  My 20 month old grandson was delighted with with this toy.  He's not quite dexterous enough yet but he's interested and picks it up daily to give it a try.  He can easily handle the big buckle on his car seat, but these are smaller and more challenging.
my daughter's favorite thing since she was a small baby  This is, by far, my daughter's favorite thing since she was a small baby.  She cuddles with it, sleeps on it, and plays with it.  Super soft, very comfortable.  Only issues was the first one started leaking small silicone beads, not good.  Second one didn't but is wearing out due to continuous use.  I guess that's the downside of being so soft, the durability is a bit lacking.  Ordering 3 more to have them stockpiled.
I love it!
My sister loved it!
This item was in a toy store chain for $34.99.  I paid $9.60 on Amazon.  The only difference was the wings were a light blue like parts of the body instead of dark blue as shown in the picture.  Not at all an issue for my grandson.  He loves it and carries it everywhere.  Thanks, Amazon!!
My daughter love this doll
Perfect stuffed animal for new baby or "baby to be"  Very cute and very soft
Puppy  "puppy" my 2 year says and snuggles on a lot.  It is very cute and good quality.  Soft, well made.
My grand daughter LOVED IT!!!!!!
Awesome  It is awesome jids loved it
Really good quality plush.
Cute!  Arrived promptly and in lovely condition.  The colors are more muted than the photo but it is still really cute.
Port-Nails bite and hold on!!  These nails, more like miniture railroad spikes with teeth are incredible. They do not split the wood and hold like screws. Excellent product.
Excellent!  Our 22 month old twins love this! They can clip them all by themselves, and haven't pinched their fingers yet!
Daughter Loves This Doll  My 2 yr old daughter loves this doll. Unfortunately the doll has a small hole in her back so we are returning it for one that doesn't. My review is based on the doll, not the fact it was defective as it truly is a great doll.
Perfect size for my 2 year old  My daughter loves it! We had a Lilo and Stitch party for her.
Exactly what I was looking for...  My niece loves Egypt and loves bugs. The scarab arrived quickly and is PERFECT! The size and quality are great.
Great gift! My daughter loves it!
Super adorable, and a great alternative to learn-to-dress dolls  Obviously, this whale is super adorable. I got it originally just because my son loves zippers, could use some more fine motor skill toys, and all the learn-to-dress dolls I could find looked like he would tear them to shreds. So this has been a great alternative option, and was a nice hit on Christmas morning. The whale's mouth zippers open and shut -- and when it's open, the mouth makes a pocket big enough for a child to stick their hands all the way into, small toys or notes in, etc. I also like that the buckles vary in style, and in so doing also happen to vary in how difficult they are. My son can handle one of the buckle styles so far but can't yet apply enough force with his fingers for the other two, so it gives him a nice challenge to work on.
A True Winner!  Yes, I highly recommend buying this plush toy.  This Gru plush toy will put a smile on any fan's face!
This fox rocks!  This move and book are so cute! It cam faster then I thought and is so soft and cuddly. My son loves it and thinks it is so sweet. Also this book is a wonderful story and nice to share with your loved one.
Neat and beautiful pokemon pokemon figure.
Too cute  Absolutely recommend this toy. It's well made and so cute!
Precious Eeveelution!  This plush exceeded my expectations.  There were complaints of the tail just being a piece of fabric, which was rather thick in my opinion.  I believe it's stiff felt?  But you have to consider something.  This Pokemon is supposed to basically have a leaf for a tail, so I think it's reasonable.  It's an adorable doll, perfect for any Pokemon fan.  Personally, I collect the dolls, and this was a perfect addition to my collection.
Speedy delivery and complete satisfaction.
My son loves his plush. It's not too small, it's about average size and very detailed
Barney for my grandson  I was happy to find this Barney on Amazon!  My little grandson loves Barney, but you can't find him much in the stores.  The product was great, although fairly small for the price.  It did work properly and my grandson loved it.  All in all, I was happy with the purchase.
As expected.  Got it in great conditions. Very satisfied.
Great companion!  Baby won't let this Elmo go! Elmo was one of her first words, and now she snuggles with Elmo at night, and I can let her without fear that she will swallow anything...but can snuggle freely! Thanks!
Wonderful!  Loved this product! Got it for my grandson for Easter and he fell in love with it. Perfect size for a toddler and really soft. Packaging was excellent and the price was perfect.
and its teeth are just funny to look at  My 5 year old daughter wanted a 4 foot, $100.00 unicorn from Santa this year, but that wasn't gonna happen.  So, I got her this one instead.  It is very soft, has a removable saddle, and its teeth are just funny to look at.  She loves it and takes it everywhere.
Amazing  I love it. it looks exactly like the picture. Honestly a great present for a fan of the show. AWESOME
The small size was perfect for them  Exactly as discribed. My 1 and 2 year old are obsessed with Cat In the Hat. The small size was perfect for them.
Super cute. I love it.
Great toy. Keeps my 2 year entertained !
It's so soft!
Very convenient, durable, and cuddly  I have had this for years, it was given to me as a gift, and I have loved it. It is still is very good condition and is a great purchase.
Sailor Mars Plush  I love this plushie its adorable. My boyfriend knows I like Sailor Moon so he's been trying to get me all of them. So far I got. Sailor Moon, Tuxedo Mask, Sailor Mercury, Sailor Venus and now sailor Mars. I love them all there cute and soft. Only 5 left to get. I can't wait. :-D
Nicely made plushies. My son loves them.
So adorable & life sized!  Bought it for my sister who raises Chinese Crested and shows them, she loved it!!
Great Add on  Cute toy! price is great as add on!
super cute  like the other kiss kitties that I've purchased this one is really cute. she has glitter in her mask. she's super detailed and it shows little of that in the pictures. She fits well into my collection. If you're an avid collector or just starting out then she is deff. a piece to put in...along with her other band mates.
The plush looks amazing but horrible shipping I was superpose to get for Christmas but still is coming till January 25
Cutest plush ever!  Isn't he just adorable! Looking at him online is one thing, but actually getting him through the mail, holding and looking at him makes you just wanna squeal like a little kid. Sebastian is the cutest thing ever in his little cow outfit. Now I have to order Ciel and my two sets will be complete. If you are a black butler fan, this is a must have in your collection!
Quality product!
BESATbesauty
Great size and color.
Highly recommend  Luv it!  Goes great with my man cave horror collection! Highley recommend
Happy child!  My son loves it and that's all that matters!
Shipped in good condition, friend loved it.
My son loves his pig. Added bonus, this one does make sound!
I got this as a gift for a friend of mine and he loved it! However the only downfall to this product is that it can't hold a lot- it doesn't have a lot of space. Other than that this is a great product.
We love grumpy Hank  Everyone's favorite septapod! Cute, cuddly, grumpy, easy to keep clean, and hours of sassy fun.
Love it  I love my natsu I just wish his hair was a little darker, besides that he is perfect and i would recommend him to all fairy tail fans
Made really well and my son loved it
Barney toy  My kids like the toy. Although it doesn't look exactly like the Barney toy at the end of each show.
SUPER CUTE!!!!!  Sailor Venus has always been my favorite character from Sailor Moon since I was a little girl. I use to watch the show all the time and I even had the barbie version of Sailor Venus and It went every where with me and one day my best friend was jealous and broke her head off. Then I found this plush on here and I thought it was really cute but never bought it. Then my boyfriend surprised me with it and I cried lol. I love her a lot she's cute and soft. I love everything and every detail about the doll. If your  a Sailor Moon Fan like me I think you should definitely get this plush. (*^.^*)
Really good value  Worth the money
kids love these!  This seems to be my daughter's new interest. For something called Ugly Dolls they are actually pretty cute. There are a variety of characters to choose from (I always go for the items that have the free shipping offer on amazon, not all the Ugly Dolls have that offer here so be sure to look for that if you are spending over $25 and want free s&h).  So far my daughter has 2 of them, including this one. I also got her a "How To Draw Ugly Dolls" book and she has had a lot of fun with that. For Christmas I am getting her another Ugly Doll book. I also noticed that amazon has an Ugly Doll card game which I am thinking about getting for a stocking stuffer. It's just silly little fun, but kids really seem to enjoy it. The prices are decent, you can spend as little as like $9 (but some cost in the teens or even $20).  Oh, and I also am getting the Ugly Doll calendar for my daughter for Christmas. I know she's going to love it.
Cute Sea Otter  Nice Otter. It's soft and well made.
Zombies are coming and you're gonna love them  So much bigger than expected- awesome!
100% Perfect!!!
She loves Tweety
Liked this Bear better than the 9" one...  I originally purchased a 9" Pooh Bear for my Grandson.  Then, I saw this 13" Winnie the Pooh, and bought it too.  Now, he has one to keep at home, and one to take with him on trips.  Personally, I think the 13" Pooh will be the one that turns out to be his life-long friend.
Adorable and extremely well made  Adorable and extremely well made! I was worried because of the price that it would instantly fall apart but he's very well made and durable. He has a flat base so he stands up nicely. Worth every penny.
So great!  My niece is almost 2 and is obsessed with buckles. She plays with this every single day. Every day. She loves it!!!
This plush doll comes in good condition. I was very pleased with the product  This plush doll comes in good condition. I was very pleased with the product. It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but is still a nice plush.
Bullseye plush toy  This product was very well made. My 3 year old played with it pretty rough and it never unraveled or cane apart. I would recommend anyone who loves Toy Story to buy this plush. Worth the money I paid.
great. loved it.
Excellent
nice  For my gril friend this toy will make her happy, i m glad i had this one, hope there will be more nice toys!
CUTE!!  Really cute and I love it it's a fantastic pichu plush
:3  Me and my sister love it and it just looks like the boss in her shelf I love if great plushie.
Love this fragrance  I love this fragrance all year round.  It is the only fragrance I buy from Alora and I'm disappointed that they don't sell it all year long.
Adorable
cute plush! just as expected
he loved it!  For an elderly male relative's birthday who owns a Pomeranian...he loved it!
high quality!
Domo Stuffed Toy  I am very happy with my purchase. The product is just as I hoped it would be. The seller did an excellent job of sending our product on time and in excellent condition.
This is my son's FAVORITE guy!!!! Excellent Quality!!!
I liked it bc you had it and was my daughters first toy and shes almost 2 so you can imagine how nasty it is!!! Arrived 1 week early. I love it thank you!!!
Great product for the price  Great product for the price,  I bought another set for one of my other nephews since these were so cute!
Great transaction...  Fast shipping and high quality. A+
My son loves it!  This is a great gift for anyone who loves Naruto anime.  My preteen son has been beside himself.  It now sits next to the laptop he uses to watch anime.
Small, cute, good bedtime softie  It's so cute. Perfect for my son "the toad". It's has a ragdoll-feel, just what I was looking for.
Exactly as described!  Made well, authentic buckles. Grand babies love it!
Bigger than expected  My kids LOVE their new Hank plush, I was pleased to discover that it was bigger than I anticipated. Great but.
My son loves Elmo!! So to see him smile when I opened up the package was priceless!!
Great product! My grandson loves it.
Loved it, bought it for a friend now I want it back
very well made and looks just like the one we had when were were younger
for great granddaughter  My great granddaughter is 6 years old and she LOVES this elephant.  I thought it might be a little small, but it seems it is okay.  They sent me a picture of the elephant in a doll stroller. So cute!
Soft and Cute!  Very soft! The details are great! Adorable hedgie!
IS AMAZING!  She's super cute and small! The details like how her vest is actually a vest then is a separate piece from her shirt.. Then she has a little neck tie that's perfect. The bells on her ribbon actually jingle which is awesome.
Courage the adorable cowardly Easter dog.  Got him this morning. He is just adorable, even cuter than pictured. The tag is also cute. I got him to use as the centerpiece in an Easter basket. Courage, the cowardly Easter dog. LOL He was a little pricey, but worth it. I'm very happy with my purchase. It's a very high quality made toy. If you love Courage, get one. The shipping does take about 3 weeks.
I absolutely love this! The doll is of really could quality  I absolutely love this! The doll is of really could quality. I have bought this for my son as an extra for Christmas and I am sure that he will love it too. He has read everything ever written by Nietzsche. The doll is in a sitting position and will sit perfectly on his book shelf.
Easy to carry around  Its an easy carry around stuffed animal my stepdaughter kept it with her in the hospital. Thinking about it for my daughter as well.
Doll is excellent.
Awesome toy!!!  Incredible toy. This is part of "The Avengers Plush collection" that i make for my future baby and is awesome. The quality is really nice. Fast delivery and good packing protection. I will keep buying more toys to this seller.
Elmo Doll!!!  The elmo doll is completely adorable. It came with a clearish piece of something on the eye that i could not scrape off,but I managed to get a sharpie so it wasn't even noticeable. The eyes are hard, but that doesn't affect the quality from how I see it.
Excellent
Love Sven  I am so happy with Sven.  It is fuzzy and cute.  Alec will love him - that child watches Frozen over and over.
recommend product
Absolutely hialrious  Looks just like the picture. It's a little smaller than you would imagine but it doesn't take away from how funny it is. Great quality and is an awesome gift for someone who loves Bernie!
perfect  I ordered a Stitch Plush Toy and it was EXACTLY as advertised. It was delivered in 2 days and in perfect condition. I will definitely buy from this seller in the future. I was originally worried that it wouldn't look like the picture or it would look dingy but it was perfect. My girlfriend will LOVE IT!
My grand daughter love it she was very happy with it
Christmas hit  Not sure how much I can comment on a little stuffed toy but my daughter sure liked it a lot. The other kids were jealous.
My grandson loved Max
love it carry it everywhere
grandkids love it
I am very happy with it  I bought this for my son for Christmas...haven't given it to him yet...I am very happy with it....it is as I expected it would be.
A good choice  Love it.  It is just like our own Molly (a long haired miniature Dachshund.
Awesome Elf!  My daughter got this elf from the North Pole one night and she LOVES it! She carries it everywhere she goes! Great elf purchase for keeping the "magic" alive! Her brother got the boy elf that is similar, and he loves it too! Merry Christmas everyone!
Kid appoved  My 1 year old likes the singing. Very cute and the songs are not super annoying.
Great Drill  This drill is great. I returned a 12 volt makita after I got this one. The high torque at low RPM is definitely the best feature. I have yet to strip a screw or damage a bit. No complaints with the battery.
Fun Star Wars toy!  The Star Wars fans in the house love this little plush.  It just printed on both sides and has a little felt piece hanging off it on one side, but it's still cute anyway.  I've actually made similar items myself, but since this is a licensed item it's worth the purchase!  The quality seems good so far.
Great toy  This buckle penguin is amazing. My 22 month old comes back to play with it again and again; he loves the challenge of snapping the buckles together on his own. He can't quite get them apart on his own..... yet! I highly recommend this toy.
Granddaughter liked it.  We purchased this for our granddaughter.  She's a ballet dancer and we added this to her flowers at the end of her performance.  It was perfect.
I'm at Disney World right now with my awesome Chewbacca backpack  I'm at Disney World right now with my awesome Chewbacca backpack. It's literally $30 cheaper than the identical Chewbacca backpack in the Disney Springs store I just passed a few minutes ago. If you're going to buy this great backpack, buy it before you go to Disney World, like me.
She Loves Budew ;)  My Daughter had me order Budew for her with her Bday money. She was very happy when he got here and she loves he quite a lot ;)
Looks jus tlike him!  It looks very much like the real Boo.  A must-have for Boo the Pomeranian fans everywhere.  So soft and cuddly.
It is very adorable, much more than I anticipated  I bought Donald Duck for Christmas for my husband, Donald. It is very adorable, much more than I anticipated. He is so plush and fuzzy and my husband and also great grandson really think it's great! Thanks for a great product!
Good quality  Good quality
Apparently Zelda was heartbroken that Link was still at Games top while she was in a new home.  My niece guilted me into this purchase.
loveable  great price quick ship, present for grand child good quality fun present hope he loves it as much as I do
High quality plush - you might need to order two...  Ordered this as a classmate's birthday present - my son loved this so much he didn't want to give it away!  Well made, bright, and super soft.  Fun and unusual Kirby character!
I was so pleased with this purchase  Wow! Cute, soft and squishey. I was so pleased with this purchase. This Wailmer Doll is very well made and the fabric is not only strong but soft as well. I was very pleased with this purchase. It took about a month to reach me, but other than that what a great purchase.
Get it Here. Have never seen one elsewhere.  I have no idea how far this travelled to get to us, but I know our child will LOVE this on Christmas morning. She was Ishani for Halloween... this was a find Only on Amazon. Woo Hoo.
He has become a mascot of the house. He is small but I knew that buying it.
Cute and fun  This Dressy Kids Boy is a cute and fun toy that makes for a cuddleable companion and also is great for teaching kids about dress-up. He has a button, a zipper, a pocket, one shoe with a lace and the other with a buckle. While the jacket can't be removed, it is at least possible to remove the arms from the jacket and with the zipper zipped down, his shirt has a cute picture of a smiling sun. The toy can be machine-washed and also thrown in the dryer, which is a nice extra. It even comes with a handy red clip if you'd like to clip it on to something. Overall, a well-conceived toy at a great price.
A Super Fan!  I have to admit I was skeptical of the claims that I've read about the Vornado but it works wonders! It is very quiet on low - a little noisy on high but that's to be expected. Point it at the ceiling and it still cools the whole room off. I hate having fans blowing directly on me so this is wonderful! My husband heats up much faster than I do and this cools him off without freezing me out. I have a feeling our AC bill will be much lower this summer :) Thanks Vornado!
Happy kid :)  Not sure why my son is so happy with this but hey, that alone deserves 5 starts. Well made! :)
Great durable animal. Used as a daily traveling trophy at work and it stands the test of time.
18 month old loved it  Got this for my 18 month old for Christmas. He loves it. It's a great size for him - almost the same size as he is. Super, SUPER soft. Gund is a great brand and this seems like a great value.  PROS:  Good value. Great quality. Super soft and cuddly.  CONS:  None that I can think of.  Verdict: worth it.
really soft!
Arrived on time. Soft material. Quality made stuffed animal
A Great Gift!  This was a gift for a friend. Arrived quickly, and she was happy with it. Thanks.
Adorable!  This Rilakkuma is so adorable, just like its picture.
Great just like the photo!
Helps with fine motor skills  My grandson loves it!  Helps with fine motor skills!
Awesome plush  I hadn't expected this to be as good as it is, despite the hopeful photo...  Incredibly well constructed, the material is sturdy, the stitching is solid.  It's squeezable and a really good size.  They did a wonderful job making this one, worth every penny.
Great creative toy!  Great toy for a one year old......especially for long airplane trips. I bought two for my grandchildren.
Soft, loveable, and well made.  For some reason, my 2 year old son loves porcupines. Not totally sure why. This stuffed animal was one of only a few stuffed porcupines out there, and it doesn't disappoint!
As request and will make grand daughter happy.  Another item on the birthday list. Received this right after I ordered it and it will make my grand daughter very happy.
A cuddly Minnie!  My 17 month old grand daughter loved it! She loves Minnie and with this she can cuddle and carry her all around!!
Super soft and cuddly. Granddaughter loved it!
Love it!  We have another snake (same brand and he is a loved one stuffed animals has the right to sleep my kid's bed :D ) and needed another one. My kids fell in love with this cute lady... I thought her eyes are too big but anyway kiddos love her so I can't complain.
Nice!  This was a Christmas present for my son.  He loved it!
BEST STUFFED ANIMAL EVER!!!!  I lost my old Spells because the eye popped out. I ordered one on Amazon for my Birthday,and it came a day quicker than it was supposed to! Cute toy,Fast delivery,and best of all,the perfect stuffed cute animal to carry on trips! I highly recommend this toy.
Love it! Shipped quickly and came as shown  Love it! Shipped quickly and came as shown. Its adorable and fluffy, my daughter loves it. It also says about 1-word lines from the movies which is pretty nice too.
Beautiful, like the real one on TV.  I purchased this for my daughter and we adore it!!! It's as real as the Charmander on TV, perfectly crafted.
Good Valentine's Day Gift  Cute, a little small but it's good quality and made a great gift!
Cute toy. Was as described and delivered promptly.  Cute toy.  Was as described and delivered promptly.
We love love love Zola  We love love love Zola. She's been in our life for 5 years. She's cute and cuddly and the whole series it adorable. She's well made and has held up nicely. We LOVE ZOLA!
Adorable  Got these for my nephew. My sister says he is super soft. A nice cute little gift for a baby
So soft and adorable!  My baby girl loves to play with this floppy froggy. It is super-soft and the perfect weight for her to carry.
Sailor venus plush  This is a very cute plush, I'm hoping to collect the rest of the sailor soldiers. She is a good enough size and is well detailed
Good Quality
great!  I love this . he looks just how he is in the game. So cuddly
Quiet and great for fine motor development  My child loves this toy! We keep it in the car and it keeps her occupied for little bits of time. Having it as a car only toy helps keep the novelty and I love that it's a quiet toy.
great price. great deal  Go this at a great price with free shipping. Hey its made in china but its nice craftmanship. IMO
Toy Fox Should Be Good For Grandson  My daughter ordered this for my grandson. He has not played with it yet, but it looks to be an acceptable plush toy that he will like.
it's what I expected
LOVE IT
It is very cute and in great condition  I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it but it is smaller than I expected. It is very cute and in great condition though
very cute, my grandson just loves this olaf
Love chewy!  Love chewy!!!!!!!!!! I've had my eye on him for so long!!!!!!!! He is  the best child ever!!!!! Get many compliments on him.  Definitely  worth the price. His size is just amazing!!! I do find  his wooki noises a bit off but I can live with it.
Cute much love it  Much Love it
Pleased  I was nervous about ordering this because of all the negative reviews; however, I noticed that most of the negative reviews were older and the good reviews were newer. The doll we received wasn't a knock-off, it is well made and has a Dreamworks tag on it. Its small, but thats what we were looking for.
OK
Adorable!!
Satisfied  My 6-year old loves it! Good quality product.
Love this toy.  Keeps little hands busy
Very nice.
Very cute.
well made  Stitching is great and looks awesome! Super durable!
These dolls are just so cute and cuddly.  I ordered both Anna and Elsa for my grand-daughter and she loved them so much I have ordered them for each of my nieces.
Perfect!
present for nephew  my nephew loved it. Its very cute, decent size. He started playing with it immediately. I was happy my Christmas shopping was done with the click of a button.
My daughter loves her doc doll. She snuggles with her every night!
perfect size for infant/toddler for bedtime and traveling  Very soft and cuddly, perfect size for infant/toddler for bedtime and traveling.  Washed well in the washing machine (I put it in a mesh bag and it didn't come apart).  After washing it still stayed soft.  I have dried it in the dryer once and it didn't fall apart either but since then, I just air dry it.
Love BOO  Bought for my wife, she loves this stuffed dog!  She Carry it through out the house.
so soft
Our little one loves Snow White.
Very, Very Durable Developmental Toy  We've had this toy for over two years now, and not a single thing has gone wrong with it.  Which is amazing, since our sweet son loves to chew on the buckles- a lot.  He's a pretty heavy oral stimmer, and in particular he likes to chew on buckles. I think this toy is best marketed towards a kid with a fascination with buckles, or who likes repetitive play, or as a teaching toy for fine motor, etc.  You can use the backside to point out shapes and numbers, but for our kiddo, he's more interested in shapes he  can manipulate, not shapes he can look at only,  He also doesn't care about the zipper pouch, though some kiddos might.  That part I think is a good feature for encouraging fine motor by storing a desired smaller toy in it so that your little one has to work on zipper skills to get it out.  I bought this primarily to start working on finger and hand strength, coordination, and motor planning. This toy has three different styles of buckle closures, and some of them are still a challenge for my son because of the degree of challenges he has with his motor skills.  So depending on whether or not your child has struggles in this area, it could be a toy that is mastered very easily or one you could be using for a while.
Very cute!  So hard to find a plush cuddly Elmo. This is just what I wanted!  I bought this Elmo for my Granddaughter who just loves anything Elmo.  The order came quickly. I was so excited to get this, I decided to give it to my Granddaughter early and she was thrilled.
The ring on the doll does easily slip off  So cute and lots of stuff to teach my little one. The ring on the doll does easily slip off.
WALL.E is just prefect  Very well made!  My grandson loves it!
Good condition
very good items  This product fulfilled with what I expected, I feel very satisfied with the purchase of this product. thousand thanks hope to do business again.
Adorable!  My daughter loves these.  They are adorable and the quality is great.
Love it!  Picture is very accurate, except it has a bit of hair in the back, which I personally think adds to the doll, but it can be cut off if it is not wanted. Very happy with this product.
My husband loved it  We are big portal fans and I thought it would be a cute present for my husband. Well, he loved it, we have it on a shelf now and it looks so cute!
2nd one I've ordered and the 1st look just like pic but my 2nd one is better looking my kids share Jesus at bedtime and this one I got is for my sis in Christ because she always says " Jesus is my man" 
Daughter loves it
Cutest doll ever.  Well made.
GREAT ITEM!  It wss GREAT!  Exactly as described.
Fantastic quality, fun for those recovering from surgery  Bought this for a friend getting her gall bladder removed, she loved it and so did all of our friends! Since then, we have bought many more organs. Great quality and we had fun reading through the tag (had fun information about the organ function)
It is really cool toy for bath, my son love it!
An awesome Yoshi plush.  Just an awesome plush. Thank you so much.
Just the right size
Perfect!
Grandson is 7 and a huge Plants vs Zombies fan and loves these soooooo much.
Just buy it.  If you're a fan of the Legend of Zelda games, just buy this. It's unbearably cute. I hadn't realized how small it would be, but considering how well it's made I would say it's worth the price. Besides, it's the cutest LoZ plushie out there as of now. And who doesn't love Wind Waker Link, honestly? I only wish they also sold Tetra, Medli, or Makar plushies. But that's another story. This is a great purchase for a Nintendo-loving friend or, if you're anything like me, for your Nintendo-loving self!
My boys who are 4 and 5 love learning about body parts and the blood cell is a great addition to their growing collection of plush organs!
parry  i know i'm a teen. but i love this toy a lot. it's big and fun. me and my friends just love it a lot. it's a nice toy for any age.
A favorite mouse of my kitties. Quickly shipped. Thank you. 
My 22 month old twin daughters love this toy! It's great for building fine motor skills.
really useful
Super Cute  Well mad and super cute. It is exactly as shown in the picture and is perfect for hello kitty fans and little ballerinas.
Musical Barney  I was happy with the quality of the barney toy.  It's a bit small for the price.  However, my granddaughter is quite happy with it.  It also arrived within good time.
Daughter loved it!
adorable, durable  Soft, adorable, durable. One of the best purchases this year. Every time a friend visits my room, they comment on how cute my cat plush is
Perfect product  This is my first-time shopping in Amazon. It is nice product, my kid loves it and it's the same as described.
He doesn't look much like Yoda is supposed to and he's smaller the was said in description
Great gift!  I gave this gift to a colleague who had their gall bladder taken out. She thought it was hysterical as "she is complete again".
Excellent
my baby sis loves it  Great product
MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT !  GREAT GIFT !!
Cat loves it
Best toy/companion ever!!  I don't know how we managed before we had Bentley! My son is 21 months and obsessed with buckles. When he decided to unbuckle his seatbelt while we were on the highway (he's rear facing so hard to reach), I knew I needed a solution. Now Bentley goes with us everywhere, school, the park, the doctor and to bed! My only complaint is the round blue clip, one time in the wash and that piece broke, but all the other clips have withstood my strong toddler and a few washings! Highly recommend!!
My daughter loves it  My son gave this to my daughter for her birthday and she loves it. She is obsessed with Bender and she was more excited about this little plush than anything else.
My son loves the show "Attack on Titan". When he got the Eren Yeager plush figure, my son was beyond words. He loved the outfit and swords and said it was as close as having the real thing. Great job.
after awhile it seems to have come off fine, but it is dead  At first it latched on to my friends face and would not come off. However, after awhile it seems to have come off fine, but it is dead. My friend is fine so far but is very hungry. 10/10 would buy again.
GAVE IT AS A GIFT  I gave Gizmo as a gift and my granddaughter was very excited to get it.  This was a gift she requested and she was thrilled to receive it.
So cute.  It's a cutie.  So cuddly for little girls.
great  this is what every little explorer needs!  took to florida with us on vaca to catch lizards.  he loves it
he/she will not be disappointed.  OMG. It talks, it laughs, it's original, my daughter adores it, and it's price is beyond reasonable. If your child is Tubbies' lover, he/she will not be disappointed.
Makes our 2 year old very happy.
Son loves it!
cute but not gigantic  This is a very cute plush and I love it, however, Its small. According to the description it's GIGANTIC. I was looking forward to a larger item for the money. Bought from Tainted Vision.
Beautiful plush  Beautiful! This is a very hard to find plush and I was happy to find it here.
Love the Rabbid sounds - very entertaining and funny !! 
Great.  I bought these for my grandson. He is having a ball playing with them.
Great Price, Great Quality.  Kids love this movie, and they love stuffed animals. this exact same doll at the store was 30 bucks more. So thanks for saving me a few dollars.
Donald!  Got me a pseudo-nephew named Zack, who loves Disney.  Well, what better thing to get a Disney lover than some plush toys that will last practically forever, even if little Zack grows out of it, there will be more kids coming...(I think) that can love this guy too.  You should have seen his face light up when he saw the toys!  Oh boy!  Based on what I observed it's made of high quality materials put together well.  I foresee not issues in the near or distant future, at least no more than any normal 2 year old can muster.  When I was growing up my Grandmother, bless her heart, made me a VHS tape with hours of Donald Duck cartoons, he is by far the funniest of the Disney characters in my opinion (with the only real competition being Goofy) and teaches a valuable lesson, with bad temper and attitude comes bad trouble.  Thanks for reading and have a nice day!
Exactly as expected
Cute  SNOOORRLAXXXXX, sits upright, great dedocation for the car dash. It is pretty stuffed and not super soft. great texture and quality
My granddaughter loved these!
Perfect. Highly recommrnded  Perfect. Highly recommrnded
it's a good toy. Keeps my toddler busy and he likes to play with it. It's light and doesn't take too much room, so it's easy to take on trips.
Very sturdy toy. Our grand baby likes teething on the soft natural rubber head
Amazing!  It was packaged with an insane amount of care and delivered very quickly! i would definitely recommend this to anyone who has started a collection!  words of warning though,the spikes on the mask and the sewing on the gloves are very fragile......
So cute and cuddly!
this thing is awesome! The wings are bendable  Okay, this thing is awesome! The wings are bendable, but the most fun part is that the legs control the wings. Pinch the legs together and the wings flap!
My son is going through a phase where he only wants to play with koopa troopa. He had a small figurine that he lost so this bigger version is perfect
This IS AUTHENTIC!!!  I was SO scared that I would end up with a bootleg. I searched high and low on every source of the internet that sold Vulpix plushes. The review photos in this post was the only authentic ones I could find so I took a chance. I have been wanting to buy one of these for 6 years and haven't because 1.) I couldn't afford one and 2.) I didn't want to risk buying a bootleg. This is AUTHENTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everything is perfect. I love it so much. Pricey yes but I am just happy it is AUTHENTIC!! The only plush I want next is the Alolan Vulpix which looks so adorable and would be a perfect friend for my fire Vulpix!! Thank you for selling me an authentic plush Vulpix!!!! <3
I love it!  Adorable, well made, and it arrived on time. What's not to like
It is really nice! Perfect for my collection!
My granddaughters like this but one of the girls is short so she will have to grow some before fully enjoying this.
Cute....
Despite the fact that Ulquiorra is my favorite Bleach character  I received this as a birthday present last year, and I was absolutely thrilled. Despite the fact that Ulquiorra is my favorite Bleach character, the doll is incredibly well made, and has held up fantastically. The entirety of the thing is made with multiple types of fabric, each with different hues of white, which make it look as accurate to the character as possible. The facial features are stitched on, unlike many of the other dolls whose faces are printed or silk-screened on, and the colors have yet to fade. It is safe to hand wash, and will always remain a favorite of mine. :) Great for any fan of Bleach.
My baby boy loved it.
Soft & cuddly Pooh Bear.  Seems to be well made.
Good stuffed toy.  Bought this as a gift.  Well made. The person loved it.
grandson LOVES this dog
Elmo Loves You!  Elmo never goes wrong with the kids. Everyone loves him. He's soft, cuddly, and squeezable.. So, I'll give this Elmo a two thumbs up.
Great Item, Kids love it!  Just as described. Very plush and soft, just as pictured. Perfect addition to their Sofia collection! Would buy this again.
Great doll  My 2 year old recently became obsessed with the Disney princesses - along with an movie that stars a girl. This doll has been her bedtime companion since Christmas and is a top 10 item to play with (over 2 months now). Highly recommended.
Love it!  A gift for our 10 month old granddaughter . She absolutely loves it.......very cute! I love the way you can personalize  the bear.
big fish  The only thing I can say is that the plush in the picture is the same than the one I received.
Great doll to cuddle or play with  I loved this doll. It's perfect because it's a combination of plush with a solid face. No accessories detach. Perfect for my 2 year old to cuddle and play with.
Toys for Unfortunate Children  Really great. I bought three sets for the toy drive at work. MD Anderson Cancer Hospital, Houston, Texas
Perfect for the little girls.
Excellent!
So cute nice color good quality
Wonderful gift  Bought this for my wife as a gift. As soon as she saw it she fell in love with its ears! It is a good size and very soft.
Wonderful Woobat!  Soft and adorable! A wonderful addition to the collection!
Love this little guy  So adorable and very soft.
Adorably evil companion.  Very cute and my nephew will love it. Larger than expected but that made 10 times better XD
Nice product
so cute, but grey instead of white!  So sweet! I love her so dang much! I don't even care she's grey instead of white, it just makes her special!
The neck has no wire in it like the legs do  Came with the neck bent in the box, but it straightened up and so far has stood up to my 4 yo's play.  The neck has no wire in it like the legs do, and I keep expecting it to flop over eventually, but it's held up for a few months now even after being dragged around and loved.  Super cute face.  Overall adorable and sturdy.
very happy
As advertised. Delivered on time.  As advertised.  Delivered on time.
SO ADORABLE I BOUGHT THREE!  <div id="video-block-R1OM5VV289UKB7" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91cN8KfR8-S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91feVFLCeJS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;SO ADORABLE I BOUGHT THREE! One for each of my two nieces (age 2) and nephew (age 5). Its the perfect small size for toddlers. Its easy to squeeze and much cuter than the real, grown-up Chewbacca! HAHA! Its soft, doesnt shed, good quality, and has held up to non-stop squeezing since Christmas. Still going strong! Would highly recommend for small children, but not gonna lie, I almost bought one for adult myself!!!! So perfect for any Star Wars lover! :)
Still one of their favorites
Awesome  I bought this for one of my nephew's for Christmas and I already know he'll love it. The plush is exactly as pictured and I'm having a hard time deciding if I want to just keep it for myself (: jk
Gall Bladder  PERFECT! so soft and cute! even cuter than in the picture! I had surgery to have mine removed and now I have a new one!
excellent toy my loves it
Well made. Child loves the panda hat with mittens
Blue Yoshi Product Review  I love this blue yoshi. It is very soft, and cute, Great for kids of any age, and yoshi fans and collectors will LOVE it. It isn't totally intricate, but makes a great toy and pal. I am very satisfied with this product!
2nd one for the Grdaughters who are trying to capture wee leprechaun!!
She loves her squirrel Nut  Nutkin was a favorite from the beginning.  Had to have it.  It was a great gift for 3 year old daughter.
Got this for my fox obsessed daughter. She loves it, and carries all over the house. And she named it Gloria.
great  Great resource for teaching Russian langauge and geography.
Too Cute  I love this little stuffed Luna! Perfect accessory for my Halloween costume and I love the little whiskers. Please disregard the other stuffed animal in my picture.
I love it it holds up a good amount of coins  I love it it holds up a good amount of coins. And it goes well with me naruto wallet: )
Awesome!!  Huge!! A giant suprise for our daughter, who loves it.
UNIQUE  Awesome shipping time, unique item, and perfect for a collector.
Got this for my great niece. She loves it
he's not dead, he's just ugly (and cute)  he's not dead, he's just ugly (and cute)
So worth it!!  This thing is not only soft but also insanely adorable! The picture does not do it justice as to how cute it is!!
Satisfied with the quality  Excellent quality and stuffing. Washes up pretty good after baby puke, too.
Super cute  Kids love it!  Even has a tether and suction cup so you can hang it in a window. Very cool.
Thank you!  This was adorable when it arrived and packaged well.  Brand new and arrived before Christmas.  So cute.  It was a great Christmas gift.
flying squirrel blue toad!  MY SON LOVES LOVES LOVES THIS!!! Thanks for the great item! I thought it was a bit pricey, but seeing the enjoyment is worth it!!
Best gift for friend that loves everything "sushi"  Friend collects everything related to sushi. She especially likes raw tuna (maguro) sushi. I found this product on Amazon and it was the perfect gift.  She loved it! The product is tops on the "cute factor." It's well made and durable. I believe it's shipped from South Korea so it took several weeks to receive the product but it's well worth the wait.
My Pitbull LOVES This  My dog loves this toy. Hes on his 2nd or 3rd. Hes a pit so they are known for destroying toys but he can make these last about a good 6+ months and its his favorite thing to drag around and play chase with.
... nephew saw the movie and inhadvto getvthe plush they loved them  My nieces and nephew saw the movie and inhadvto getvthe plush they loved them
My little cousin is going to freak out  A bit small but if still good for what it's worth. But really if it were huggable size and the same price it would then become a steal Lol. My little cousin is gonna freak out when she opens her Christmas gift as sees her all time favorite Pokemon :)
Awesome Dino Domo  This was a Christmas gift for my ten year old niece...big hit! She loved it and so did I. It was so ugly it was utterly cute, even my friends liked it and we're over 40 years old. One feature my niece loved was that it was her first "stuffed animal" that stands up on its own because the tail balances it. Very Cute!
Grandson loved adding this toy to his collection thank you for a great job
I am so glad I got this set of plushies for my youngest grandson who is obsessed with Paw Patrol.  I am so glad I got this set of plushies for my youngest grandson who is obsessed with Paw Patrol. He really loves these stuffed characters and carries them all with him everywhere he goes. They take quite a lot of abuse on an average day and he also insists on sleeping with them. These are authentic brand name stuffed toys that are well made. I have washed and dried them and they came out with no damage. I am very pleased with this purchase.
It's awesome.  It really is awesome. Very happy with it. It's super soft, and I cannot express enough how much I love it.
Very Cute Toy, comes in many sizes.  I bought the biggest one, for my 3 year old niece.  She loves it.  It is very cute, and seems to be soft and durable.  Buy the big one, because the size is perfect.
Very cute  I have purchased 3 of these. They are so cute. I gave one to my daughter when she turned 30 and she loved it.  I bought one for a toddler and one for myself. It's just fun to have around during birthday parties or when the Grandkids are visiting. It's small enough to fit in an adults hand or sit on top of a sewing machine just for fun.
Xmas present for my grandson son.he just loves caillou
So helpful in a time of stress  Seven year old loved the book and sleeps with " worry" every night. Excellent!!!
This is an amazing cat..  AHHHHHHHHHHHHH. This cat is cute, and huge....
Really good quality for the price.  Adorable and sooo soft,  my grandson loves it. Really good quality for the price.  I ordered it and I received it the next day.
Adorable
perfect
loves giraffes  This was a present for our infant granddaughter.
Both were great quality and true to the story  I bought this and a Gruffalo plush. Both were great quality and true to the story.
great  My boo loved it uwu
Exactly as xpected
Great gift to go with book!  Love that the puppet is just like the books. A button pops off with out coming unattached.
Grandson love this he plays with his cat and they both have fun
This is one of the good guys all he does is glow  He lights up! What a darling little bacterium! This is one of the good guys all he does is glow! Precious! O.O
Awesome plush!  This Pokemon plush has great detail, and looks just like the picture!  We ordered it in March, and it arrived in a few weeks (earlier than the expected ship date).  A must for all Pokemon fans!  This is written by the child who got it as a gift - and I love it!  Very soft and colorful.
thanks
18 month old loves her!  Doll is smaller than I expected, maybe 8-10" tall.  My 18 month old loves her and because she is relatively small she is easy to carry around.  We got this doll and "Bee" by the same company.  This one has a heart on her hand so we named her Heart.  Her eyes/lashes are grey (I was not able to tell this from the photo).  I like that she is not a particular race/ethnic group as I didn't want my daughter thinking that certain looks were more or less desirable. Also, I like that she is all fabric and there is no hard plastic, and the facial features are embroidered on.  And although it's my kid's perspective that matters, I personally think she is really cute. A terrific first doll.
Great entertainment!  My daughter loves this toy! It keeps her more entertained than any other toy! A great fine motor activity!
Hard to find in stores, happy to find on Amazon!  My 3 1/2 year old granddaughter loved this.  I couldn't find her in the store where we bought Molly so finding her here was great.  Same size and quality as the box store one. She loves to have Molly and Deema sit on the couch and watch Bubble Guppies with her.
Good Quality Fluttershy 4DE plush toy  I love and adore this plush. I also reccomend it because of the high quality. Fluttershy also has cutie marks on both flanks! Isnt that cool? Also the wings look very realistic. Unlike Aurora and BAB And Funrise plushies, which have poorly made wings and horns. ( not to mention they only have cutie marks on one side, dissapointing.) Also they are a great alternatives to Aurora, BAB, and Funrise. Also they are very cuddly, even though they are a little bit stiff. Also its a very good size. Its 12 inches with is perfect. My child loves it! Its also in good condition and they look like the Fluttershy in the show. Also, its very soft and cute. My Kids love playing with it. I Highly reccomend 4DE because ther MLP plushies are good quality. I could give this a 100/100 if i could! My child also really wants the Luna plush so we will get it if we could. Anyways hope you find this review helpful!
cute and very well made.
My daughter had used and abused this for a year now.  It has held up well and she still loves it!
Was perfect for our two year old on a three hour plane ride. Her 4 year old sister is also playing with it.
loved scooby doo  I ordered this for my granddaughter and she loves it! It came quickly, so I had it for Christmas.  Good seller !
Very nicely made critter.
Review of Disney Store plush Stitch  I bought this plush and Angel a the same time.  I don't have a Disney Store anywhere near me so I frequent amazon to get things I can't get so easily.  Both these plushes are super soft and great size.  I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of Stitch.
perfect companion to TV show
Bought this toy for my 18 month old who loved playing with her car seat buckles and the high chair buckles. Needless to say....this toy has been a huge hit. She loves it!
The most rewarding thing about this purchase was my grandniece's reaction when she not only saw Elmo, but discovered that he sings one of her favourite songs. After seeing how her face lit up when she heard the song, my only regret was that he didn't sing even one more song. She is certainly enjoying "my Elmo" as she calls him. (she's 2 yrs old)
Granddaughter loved it. Took it for Show And tell.
Super cute toy! Great gift!  A-Dorable toy! My daughter gets compliments on it all the time. This doll is plush so its easier to wipe clean I think. The voice is crystal clear and the toes light up... Its soft so she can cuddle it (even though it has a battery pack of course) As, it doesn't interfere with her cuddling it like a lot of toys as it is deep enough inset... Great value!
but my two boys (6 & 4) LOVE their stretchkins  I don't see what the pull is, but my two boys (6 & 4) LOVE their stretchkins.  They wear them on their feet and hands and walk around, lay around, play around all day.  My youngest likes to put the stretckins feet over his boots and wear him about town.  A big hit in our house for sure!
Love this soft, cute plush dinosaur!
Loved this mermaid plushy!  Cute as a gift for a baby shower! Its color matches the baby mermaid costume & mermaid board book I got! Loved it & they loved my gift! The doll is so cute, small but good size for an infant.
Cute  Cute little blankie/stuffed animal.  Was an ideal stocking stuffer for 1 year old.  Colorful, soft, inexpensive and simple.  Item is small in size, so read the item description before purchase.
grumpy doll  I love the Grumpy Doll. I got it for a Christmas present for my niece. She loves Grumpy from Snow White. He is very hard to find.
AWESOME  This is one of the cutest things I've ever purchased. Can't get over it. Worth the money. Good matirial. Buy now.
This is the cutest nightmare fuel I have ever purchased.
Great item  It was what was described and my son loves it!!!!! Great item a++ will buy a again five stars thanks
Perfect shopping experience  Had no issues or concerns, everything went smoothly. It was nice that  I was able to purchase as a combo pack.
angry birds star wars 5" plush - leia  abgry birds star wars 5" plush - leia - thank you, the item will fit well in my build a bear collection
The snuggliest Ewok Ever  This was a birthday gift for my friend and I think it won her over. She was over the moon and it has been her friend ever since. He's a great snuggly buddy, great condition, and cute.
Very Nice product... Real rabbids sounds.
It is A great Toy. I recommend it to any fellow fans of the series.
my daughter loved it
whow!!!  I buy this item as a present, as expect from sanei this item quality is the best, the feel is incredible and the details are superb  highly recommend to every Mario fan....
He's a weird looking little fellow, but my daughter loved him  How cute is this?
the Grinch that loved Christmas  Every family had one.. Ours was my mother .. Secretly she loved Christmas now I make sure she is remembered and buy one every year
Cutest lovey ever!
So plush and cute  This exceeded my expectations... it is so soft and just like in the movie.  I'm not sure who loved it more, us or our Grandson,
Very well made. Delivered quickly. Grandson loves it.
Used as a bow on a birthday package, substantial and very cute
I love my oddish  This is the best 15$ I have ever spent in my life, I love my oddish he is beautiful and soft and squishy. Very well made and sturdy sewing, adorable little creature. He is small but it makes him the perfect size to fit in your hand.
Good one!  Cute little puppy. Very SOFT and loveable. Small one just right for small child. My one yr old Grand loves it and smiles when she sees it. You want to hug the doggie!
So cute!
great product and great seller
AWESOME!!!  I love my Kakashi doll! It's so cute and the perfect size!
Thumbs up from the 2-year-old and 1-year-old  Got two of these, one for each of our kids and they're both big fans. We like them as they're well-constructed out of felt without any plastic eyes, zippers, or anything else we worry about falling off and getting swallowed or stepped on by bare feet. Kids enjoyed the little story that came with him, and the fact that he has a name instead of just "pink teddy bear" or "white dog" like so many of the other stuffed animals.  Also, you can cut off the little fabric tag that comes with care instructions, but we found that the blank side was a perfect spot on which to write each of the kids' names so they know which is which. I doubt it was a major design decision, but I'm glad you can write on this stuff.
Super cute just as I expected!  Love it!
KAWAIIII
It is precious!
Granddaughter loves "CupCake"
Dr Seuss  I bought this as an accessory for a diaper cake I was making a friend. It is so stinking cute and looks fabulous on the cake!
Love the details on this toy. So cute!!!
My niece loves her Elmo!
Mario fans will like these plushy toys.  As pictured. Great gift for the Mario fan that collects plushy toys.
Excelent
came in good time and just as pictured
Worth it!  Cute and makes noise.
My kid collects these, and it met his expectations, and mine, delivery was fast, hassle free buy, thanks so much.
So cute!  I absolutely love my Giant Microbe! He sits on my desk, and reminds me to keep my sense of humor about having had Lyme disease, even when I'm hurting. He is also a great conversation-starter!
Perfect  You as described and on time! Thank you
The other plushes by this company look off and not very much like the character they were made after  Looks the way it is pictured here. The other plushes by this company look off and not very much like the character they were made after.
Gift
Very Cute!  Very cute. Soft. Good quality.
Inexpensive  It's a pokemon teddy, and it's under $8 bucks, took a little over 2 weeks to come. It's exactly as the pictures are. Great addition to a halloween costume
Great toy for young children  Great toy that entertains my toddler. Even though the buckles are a bit tough for him, he seems to enjoy trying to figure out how to work with "Mr. Buckle" as we call him.
This doll goes everywhere with my 22 month old. She's been pulling, hugging and dancing with this doll 23 hours a day for months, and we've had no issues with wear and tear.
Great gift...  Good size as described and well made. my girlfriend likes this alot.
My son loved it!
good ones
Great product arrived on time
my bunny loved her bunny  Very soft and cuddly, my bunny loved her bunny!
daughter loves it!  bought for my 7 yr old and she loves it!
Cute  Cutest gift for toy story fans!!
Recommended, Better Quality Than Expected.  I really like this plushie, and there's not much to say. If you want to buy this just keep in mind that it is very small and the magnet works well. The plushie is all fabric and thread except for the small details on his face. The small details are made with paint, but the paint is smooth and soft unlike some cheaper plushies I got where the paint was scratchy. I was honestly expecting something low-quality with everything placed down with hot glue. I definitely recommend getting one if you're willing to pay the money for it.
Belloooo
worth every penny  Great shipping, great doll, great size, great price, great facial detail. Anyone who complains and bought this doll for $10 will complain about anything. Very pleased.
loved it
Thanks for making this Easter brighter  Thank you shall21 for this great toy. I bought it as an Easter gift for my 5 months old grand daughter. I'm sure she'll enjoy it: lovely colors and texture.
Great gift  A just because gift for my son and he loves him. Nice plush for a pok&eacute;mon fan.
AWE!!! <3 <3 <3  It's SOOOO cute!  It looks just like the picture besides the fact that its face is more forward resulting in it face-planting every time I set it down XD Either way I still love it!  Great product! <3
a great grinch  Perfect!
Good tem
Kids love them.  Comes just as you see.  Kids love them.
Sylveon Plush gift = happy pokemon fan  Very good quality plush. Bought as gift, giftee enojyed immensely. Very happy to find authentic TOMY version, even for the price.
Satisfied kids  Just as advertised, happy kids
Granddaughter loved it! Bigger than we thought it would be.
My daughter was so happy to get these toys  My daughter was so happy to get these toys. The set is cute and a good size for the price.
Great condition
LOVED IT  MY GRAND CHILD LOVED IT
EEEEEEE!!!!!!!  It's so cute and fat and it makes the TARDIS landing noise and I love it sooooo much!!!!! I'm a Whovian, if you hadn't noticed.
She loved them!!
I LOVE THIS!  If you are like me and ADORE the fabulous Grell Sutcliffe, then you will love this! Not photographed is the little loop of string on top of his head so you can hang him on things (the wall, doorknob, Sebastian's neck...etc.) He also has a tag sewn to the outside of his jacket which is kind of annoying, but if you really don't like it then you can just cut it off, so it's not that big of a deal. Other than that, he pretty much looks like he does in the picture. I definitely think it's worth it.
Love it.
Platelet plush toy  Very cute, soft, educational toy!
Cure  Cute, I got this for my son (age 8) as a gift for getting good grades. He loved it.
Soft and squeezable  This is nice and soft and great for a fan of FNAF.  So if you have one around, you can't go wrong with a Foxy plushy.
I bought this for my son and he loves it :)
This guy looks amazing.  We purchased this as a gift and I wanted to keep him for myself.  Very cute.
Bigger than Sailor Moon Plush Doll  We were a bit surprised at the quality and that it was bigger than the Sailor Moon Plush. Both me and my five year old daughter are huge Sailor Moon fans and we are thrilled to add Mini Moon to our collection.
perfect
Everything was excellent arrived by the date it said no problems.
Awesome!
Super cute!
My brother will love it for Christmas
Happy!  Great size, great quality.
Husband loved these!  These are the most awesome gift ever!  Got them for my husband and he loved them!  He's been stomping around the house ever since!
Birthday Gift took it that day!  My niece LOVED it for her birthday! She dropped everything else for this toy.. Yep I'm the best AUNT EVER!
My kids loved them
Cute!  We bought most of these characters at a local store but this is the one my daughter really wanted. It arrived quickly and is made well. She is very happy to add this to her collection.
... small enough for little hands to carry around and great for that age when they want to buckle everything  This toy is small enough for little hands to carry around and great for that age when they want to buckle everything!  Be prepared to have it brought to you repeatedly for fastening those harder buckles.  I bought this for an eighteen-month old but I would recommend it for an even younger child.
Cute and eductional  This is a cute little doll that helps reinforce dressing skills for the toddler set. The doll's clothes are brightly colored and the doll itself is well made and perky. My granddaughter loves it.
Very soft and cute!
My 4 month old LOVES this thing!  My 4 month old loves this flower monkey face toy thing. She loves faces and bright colors and the music it plays is nice too. It's not too heavy but substantial enormous gah that she has to grab onto it and it's nice and plush for her to shove in her mouth.
My granddaughter LOVES the fox! It plays What Does the Fox Say very clearly and dances. It was shipped quickly and was packaged very well.
Adorable  But small
Got what I wanted!  I got this with the time period indicated. It is very soft, it is a bit small but still stands up on itself. You get what you paid for.
So soft and very well made!
cookie monster  Its a very nice stuffed toy, the color just attracts my son's attention
One my my little one's new favorite toys right off the bat  One my my little one's new favorite toys right off the bat; carries it around all day right alongside an old standby as if they are a couple.  The toy is soft and cuddly; he looks just like Oh from the movie - his ears/nostrils, arms, and pods are bendy.  Kiddo loves to make him dance, play peek-a-boo, and stretch out his ear/nostrils.  The audio is great.  Clear playback; sounds just like the movie and the quotes are some of Oh's best lines.  The sound box is a little difficult for small hands to operate but works without problems for bigger hands once you figure out where it sits.  Developmentally, this can actually be an advantage because it will develop hand strength and persistence...
Great Mega Man Plush Toy!  Plush arrived in excellent condition. This is a well-put-together plush toy, and I expect it to last a very long time. My son is very happy with it. Shipping was fast, and item was well-packaged. Recommend Seller and would buy from again. A+
Adorable Sven!!  I love Sven from Frozen! He is completely adorable! I So happy I got him. 5 out of 5, too cute!!!
The kids love it!  I use it for my sons birthday give away. And just a blink of an eye the plush toys are gone. The kids love it and also the adults.
Absolutely adorable.  Bought this for my granddaughter's first birthday.  This doll is so adorable and different than anything in stores.  I know she will become a keepsake.  Definitely recommend this purchase.  Also comes with a cute gift bag.  Can't go wrong!
Niece loved it/loves it
Looks like the picture, glad I read the reviews before choosing Pokemon stuffies!
Great stocking stuffer  This was purchased as a stocking stuffer for my four year son who's crazy about the Star Wars Angry Birds game. I'm really impressed with the quality of this toy and would even venture to say that they are made better than the Space Angry Birds my son owns. The hair on Luke Skywalker's head is really soft and attached well (which I was kind of concerned about based on the picture).  I'm going to purchase more from this collection and cannot wait to see my son's face when he sees them.
Kyle is a great addition to our collection!  Kyle has been very well behaved at our house and is holding up well with our destroying angel.  We have a son with special needs and Kyle has taken a lot of abuse.  He has been cuddled and thrown and hasn't fought back.  I expected much less when I purchased this.  I was pleasantly surprised as his size and how well it is made.  If you're considering buying this - go ahead - I am sure you won't be disappointed.
My daughter loves her Lola Monstaz!  Ty is known for their amazing range of plush toys and the Monstaz series has been a great hit with my little girl who is now eight. She still loves soft toys and I purchased this Lola Monstaz toy for her as a reward for doing well in her martial arts class recently. She absolutely adores it and goes to sleep with it at night. There's a little button in the shape of a heart on Lola's chest that gives out a squeaky series of sounds when pressed down. I find it annoying myself but my daughter doesn't seem to mind it and finds it cute. My daughter owns several of these Monstaz toys but likes the color scheme on this one the best. Most Monstaz toys have a bright, neon hue to them but Lola comes in muted yellow and pink pastel hues which is easy on the eyes and I guess would appeal more to girls. It's adorable and cute!
awesome
Fun learning  My 18mo loves this toy. Improves dexterity and concentration.  Nice that the straps are long. His new "go to" toy.
Excellent Product. Fast Shipping. Exactly as stated. Great Quality.  Excellent Product. Fast Shipping. Exactly as stated. Great Quality.
Super happy with my plush!
Kids loved it  I have a young son who likes Luigi and this is the perfect gift for him. When are out an about, it's easy to spot him.
One of the Best, much better then the picture!  LOVE IT!!! first off its looks better then it does in the picture, second there are no wrinkles like in the picture, also it's realistic looking and its soft but not fuzzy and its the perfect size for cuddling. this is one of our favorite killer whale stuffed animals, great value too! Ill upload pics soon. I highly recommend this one.
My son's favorite toy - a great gift for babies  My son LOVED this toy so we bought one for our friend's new baby.  The music is sweet and each of the parts of the caterpillar has a different sensory thing.  Very durable as well - my now 22 month has had his since birth.
Adorable!
The kids love them
bought for my grandson
The grandkids love these...  One of the best examples of a "stuffed toy" Winnie the Pooh...  perfect for any young child!!!
good!
Excellent!  This has got to be the cutest little guy I ever saw!  Makes me want a REAL one!  Fast shipping and securely boxed.  Does shed a little but nothing serious.  Excellent!
Perfect Pooh for you  Very soft and well made! Some stuffed animals are so cheap but this one is well worth the price.
Good quality  Adorable
Cute and Durable  These plush microbes are very cute and I have a big collection of them. My dogs like to steal them, and even though they have destroyed many of their other toys, all my plush microbes are still holding strong.
Pleased with Perry  My youngest son got this for Christmas & absolutely loves him. Not annoyingly noisy, he does make the same sound as on the TV show.  The batteries cannot be replaced for the sound feature which I would have to say is the only thing I don't like.
Realistic  This plush Maltese looks so real that it makes my Maltese bark. I would love to have a larger one like this.
Perfectly soft and snuggly.  Soft and cuddly.  My 18 month old loves it and sleeps with it at night.
Fantastic.  If I could go more than 5 Stars I would. Fast delivery and the doll is fantastic. My daughter is going to flip on Christmas morning. I will write again to let you know her reaction but If you want a Jiminy cricket doll this is the one to get for sure!!!
Very pretty!!
daughter loves it
good choice  Great condition and nice stitching. And the size was perfect :)
Got here quickly and made the perfect gift for my cousin
Great product and great price!
Got  this  as  a  gift  for  My  nephew  he  loved it  annd  the  other  Minons  he  got he  is  3  and  plays  with it  all  the  time  along  with  his  other  two
She is in love with her son and daughter-in-law's little chihuahua who  Also bought this as a gift for my cousin who loves little dogs but is unable to take care of them.  She is in love with her son and daughter-in-law's little chihuahua who, coincidently, is also named "Lola".
3 year old daughter loves it.
This plushie is adorable and a must have for any NOES fan  This plushie is adorable and a must have for any NOES fan. I saw it in a crane machine and decided to buy it here rather than blow my life savings trying to win it. The material is fair, for the price.
keeps her occupied a nice amount of time  My baby girls loves it, keeps her occupied a nice amount of time. we learn colors and numbers, great toy
My granddaughter is a big fan of Paw Patrol!  My granddaughter loves it!
Great  Got here fast, it was just as described. Great plush
Exactly what I expected and my toddler loves it!
Product arrived in great condition and exactly as pictured  Product arrived in great condition and exactly as pictured. It seems pretty durable so far and my daughter loves it!
My grandchild loves this stuffed figure.
Love it so so cute  Love it so so cute !
perfect!  Perfect gift for my 2 year old little girl she loves to snuggle with them at night
My grandson loved it.  Very high quality.  My grandson loved it.
Nice hat, big enough for an adult.  Oshawott doll looks a little derpy. Still cute though.
Loved it!  Christmas present, got the one pictured. Fast shipping very pleased with purchase
Super cute, cuddly doll.  My 6 year old loves it!
I love this stuffed animal  Very cute and realistic catfish! I love this stuffed animal. The little whiskers are like shoelaces, so cute!
Cool toy  1yr old loves it
It is especially nice that it does not have sound  My grandson wanted the Hans Solo Angry Bird for Christmas, so I gave him Chewbacca and Darth Vader also. He was so excited when he opened the box! It is especially nice that it does not have sound!!
Pokemon Zekrom  My Granddaughter just loved it. It made her Christmas complete. To quote her "This is the best Christmas EVER!!!"  Thanks for such quick and accurate service.
Excellent quality product.  Excellent quality product. Okay feito. Conforme descrito. Recomendo everyone. Gorgeous and adorable. Lets lovely surroundings The bunny looks real. It is wonderful
makes a great gift.  very durable and very soft.  great for little ones that are to small to play with hard plastic actions figures.
Loony for the loon  Lovely plush bird and the sound of the call is remarkable for such a small object.
PattiH  We purchased the Yo Gabba Gabba Plush Toy Set for our nephew for Christmas. The plush toys were a huge success. He absolutely loves them and brings them with him everywhere, including to bed with him. He is 2 1/2 years old and loves Yo Gabba Gabba, so we struck gold when we found these toys on Amazon.com. His face lit up the room when he opened this gift and that alone was priceless! Great purchase for any Yo Gabba Gabba fan and you are sure to be the hit at the party:)
Great Shopping Experience  Cute item, quality construction, fast delivery.  Well worth every penny!  Thank you!
Very Nice  I bought this plush to add to my sons Monsters Inc collection & it is so pretty. It looks just like the character in the movie. He loves it :)
The charzard is just what my grandson wanted.  Colors are vivid and item is well put together
Chewbaca toy is adorable!
ok
Great gift.  Delivered way faster than expected. Great gift.
My daughter loved it!!! Just as described.
Was given as a gift and they loved it.  This toy is so neat. Was given as a gift and they loved it.
Super cute
Giggling ball of Elmo.  What is there not to love about a giggling ball of Elmo?
Perfect!
Super cute stuffed animal. My one year old daughter loves it!
my daughter loved Sulley! He was very well made.
So cute and well made  This little guy is even cuter in person, than he appears online.  This stuffed animal is clearly made well.  Mine is for a 3-year old and I don't see anything that will be easy to break or rip off.  Love it.
Wife's toy  Purchased for my wife, she loves it. Item was packaged for delivery as expected and recieved in a timely manner. Thanks for making my spouse happy.
My favorite plush!  sooo cute"i got this for my doughter but almost kept it myself becouse of how cute it is lol i plan to get another one later,these make the perfect futerrama lover gift!
Great Product  Meet my expectations.  Would buy again.  Well worth the money for the gag gift for a friend who wanted a "moose head" for her library.
cute!  adorable and worth the money
Just as pictured, long shipping time.  Ours looked just like the photo and had same tags. Took a long time to ship from Asia so order about a month before you need it. Much loved birthday gift.
One Star  Adorable.
Cute little plushy, just what I needed for a cosplay.
Nice reading partner for Preschooler at Grandma's house!  Grandma keeps this at her house to read the Seuss books and have a lovie on hand to hang onto.
Exactly what my granddaughter wanted.  Adorable doll.
Great Gift!  Was exactly as pictured online. Very well made, bright colors and arrived exactly on time. Was a big hit with my great grandson.
BAP BAP BAP what up folk this is yeee best plush ever I love drinking KooLAid and eating KFC bye  i'm gonna go play some call of duty
Our granddaughter loved it.  Very cute.. Our granddaughter loved it.
A good Christmas gift  Bought this for my sister for Christmas.  She loves it
my daughter loved it
... a gift for a young neighbor boy and he loved it.  This was a gift for a young neighbor boy and he loved it.
Pirate Mickey is baby approved  My son LOVES this toy, he loves chewing on the foot, yes there are teethers but hey, not as delicious as Mickeys foot I guess, either way he loves it and shakes the poor toy to death.
Great  Just as sweet as can be for a 3 month old. Love the music  and "girly" colors. Love the small size.
The best girlfriend for our baby girl  We started giving "Aida" to our daughter around 3 months and we now have a 18 month old. Aida has held up well but she is definitely well loved. Her stuffing is bunched up, the skirt is piling and ripped, her shorts are torn to shreds, her hair is matted. Needless to say we bought a backup.  Update: The baby is now 22 months old and our doll is so worn out that even looking at her might cause another hole. Her face is unrecognizable and we had too add socks because her feet were torn to shreds.
So cute but small  , I got this when on sale.
Well made
Awesome plush!  This is such a cute plush! I'm not normally a plush person... but it was too adorable not to get. Vulpix is about the size of a normal beanie baby, mine looked pretty similar to the picture, came very nicely packaged, no loose strings or such. The six tails are all together. I also have the glaceon, but I have to say vulpix might be my favorite!
nice
Daughter loves this Peach Plush!!!
Granddaughter loves it
Great Quality  Have received from seller before, consistent quality and shipment time.
The plus horse is very nice.  I am very happy with the plush horse. It is even bigger than I thought. I like it very much.
Wonderful
MY FRIEND RECEIVED THIS PLUSH TOY MALTESE DOG AND LOVES IT!
Love that it's organic.  I wish the filling was also organic but I love that this Pooh is organic and washable. Pooh goes everywhere with us, eats with us, etc. so it's great to be able to through him in the washing machine.
Good quality and so soft  18 month old loves! Good quality and so soft!
AWESOMENESS  I got tricked at first. I thought this was a 2012 Furby at first glance. This an awesome Furby Boom, still keeps the Furby Boom personalities but yet still keeps the looks of a 2012 Furby...............................love it
Pleased with purchase  Pleased with purchase. Bought two for my twin 2 year old grandsons and they love them! Elmo's hands may not completely cover his eyes but it didn't matter to my grandsons. The boys were able to press the button themselves to make Elmo play peek a boo.
Wonderful. A nice, authentic ( as far as I can see) monster hunter plush. My boyfriend loved it!
Nice quality! Good gift for any SAO fan.
Super soft and cute item was bigger than I expected it's around the size of a softball not baseball
perfect for toddler hands  My 2 year old twin girls are obsessed w/ Dora, so they love these little beanies- easy to carry and fit well inside the 'dora' backpack that they carry around.
Wonderful  My daughter (23 months) loves buckles!! This toy kept her busy on our flight and throughout our busy weekend of traveling. We are back home and she still loves playing with it. I would purchase again!
Love it.  the muppet movie has made her a new hit for my granddaughter.  Miss Piggy is a wonderful tall well-made doll.  The only thing we would want is to find a few new outfits for her.
Great toy!  Bought this for my son and he loves it, entertains him. He is 1 year and can't unhook them by himself and needs my help but the quality of the toy is great!
The legend lives!  Cute chibi version of the legendary, frailer than I thought it might be..but considering the more complex body it has..not a bad thing overall. arrived sooner than expected and good quality.
Dangerously Adorable  This Pikachu plush is extremely cute. I love his design and I think he's the perfect size! He's adorable and a must for an Pikachu fan. My only gripe is that his arms are sewn to his torso so they cannot be moved at all. Other than that I love him.
excelente
Wish we had more to shapes and sizes  It does what it is supposed to do.  Keep your vegetables longer.  Also keeps my refrigerator organized.  I bought 2 large bins from Sharper Image when the store closed.  Unfortunately, I gifted one. Unfortunately I lost the lid to the one I kept and was so happy the product is still available.  It does keep the food longer.
Good Quality  My son loves it. It is good quality. I bought from "Japan VideoGames" and got an authentic one. I heard there are lots of fakes out there.
Berta!  I bought this on a whim because my son had learned to make the sound of an elephant, and it looked like a sturdy stuffed animal for a good price. It is my sons special toy now for over a year. He named it Berta and we have 3 now. He won't sleep without it and just adores it. It is cute and perfect for babies and toddlers.
cute and cuddly  My son loves him. It is cute because they have little cards explaining the personality of the Monstaz and Rocko and my son are similar--jokesters
The puppet is perfect to go along with the story!
Very Cute.  This was a gift for my daughter.
Sora, Kingdom Hearts II (2)  it took a few days to arrive, and the one I got, the hair was coming of a bit on the front, but that was nothing that some hot-glue couldn't fix! ^_^ I love my Sora!
cute!  This is so cute. And will be a great addition to the tons of stuffed figures my son currently owns. Good quality, shipped fast and really cute. Highly reccommend for the mario lovers! :-)
It is awesome, worth every penny.
It was what I expected, very cute.
grandson love it
My 9 Year Old Gamer LOVES The Mario Plushies  My 9-year-old son has quite the collection of Super Mario Bros. plushies and he asked for more for his birthday. I decided to pick up Bowser, Jr. The plushie  is small, about 7 inches (the size of all of his other plushies, give or take an inch). I do not know whether or not this plushie is officially licensed, but I don't believe it is. Either way, it fits in perfectly with my son's collection. It came inside of plastic packaging. It was in great shape when it arrived and seems to be well-constructed with quality material. It fits in perfectly with his growing collection and he is pleased!
Worked great..  Used in a stage show.  Worked great...very cute!
Great quality, new  Prompt shipping.  Great quality, new.
Awesome item, quick and well described.
It's so cute and perfect.
My girls love these mermaids  My girls love these. Perfect size for snuggling, and surprisingly nice quality.
Great outfit for the Porcine Poopsie  Miss Piggy got lost in the mail but turned up eventually. Recipient thrilled with the doll and parents coped with shedding hair.
Love this plushie!!!
Must have!  HE'S SO CUUUTE!!
love!!!!  Made my 13 year old so happy to get this! Very loved
adorable  very cute and arrived in a timely matter
And he's adorable! Definitely something my kid is excited about  Received the giraffe in the mail! And he's adorable! Definitely something my kid is excited about! It stands a little shorter than he is and he LOVES it! Our dog also has taken a liking to it! He has rods in his legs so it's not something my kid can sleep with it, but that doesn't stop him from trying! :)
Adorable!!  I bought this toy for my son for his 5th birthday. He loved it!! Parasol Kirby is not one of my favorite copy abilities, but as for plushies he is certainly one of my favorites. I bought my son about 5 or 6 Kirby toys for his birthday and this one is my favorite! I almost didn't want to give it to him, but I did. I would highly recommend this toy!
Arrived super quick  Very nice.
My little grandson will enjoy this.  We call him bounce tigger.  He loves to bounce in is walker.
He is sooo cute!  Gizmo is so cute!  My daughter loves him!  He is well made, seems quite durable.  Overall, we are very pleased with our purchase.
great but a little bit small
A great addition  We had a huge set of the basic plate we bought years ago and added the larger plates to help serve our guests at Christmas.
Beautiful. Lovely and Tender. My kid is in love with it.
Good  There are so cool love Star Wars and angry birds :) looking forward to more of them coming out yeah
Adorable  My son loves sloths and this one is great quality. You won't be disappointed
Huggable Elmo  Perfect toy for our Grandchildren... Soft, loveable and a child's favorite!!! Teaches about hugs in a life like manner.  Our Grandson loves this toy !!
Tardis  I got this for a friend for Christmas and she loves it! It was smaller than I thought but it make the noise of the tardis and lights up. As a Doctor Who fan, I'm jealous I don't have one!
The kids loved these for party favors.
Piccolo!  Great plush! I would recommend it!
Super great and I was Super Happy too  Super great and I was Super Happy too! This is going to make a great Easter Basket gift!! Great Condition and I am looking for more MAX & RUBY collectibles as well out there please contact me!
cute & fun
Great  Wonderful
Perfect for Toddlers  My daughter's favorite!
great buy  My niece loved loved it!! So do I, he is just really cute and does all those tricks that the older version I recalled, never did...
Grandson loved it.
I love it too much and I can't help but hug it. it was just perfect!
Great
Cute!
My students love emojis and I thought this would make a great ...  My students love emojis and were therfore so excited to get such a great prize. They are super soft (both the outer material and stuffing) Much nicer than I expected.
I LOVE HIM. He is tiny and browner than the picture shows, but so soft and he has the cutest little face. He has a scratchy tag attached to his back, but I cut it off and have had no problems since. I have not yet washed him, and I will update this review after I do.
My daughter was happy to give this to another friend for a Christmas gift.
My Daughters smile when she saw Elmo was priceless!
Love it.
My Son loved it! Cute book too  This gift came from our Elf, Cookie. My Son loved it! Cute book too. You Name your Puppy and write the Name in the book. Super cute.
Always Happy with glo worms
My kids loved it! Only thing took forever to get here.
ANIMAL!!!!  Our 3-year old had never heard of Animal, nor the Muppets for that matter. But... She IS Animal. So after we hyped, then watched the new movie in the theater, I was determined to find her the doll to play with. I was hesitant, and had never purchased anything like this on Amazon or anyone associated w Amazon. But this was a great, brand new, durable unique toy that she absolutely ADORES--and shows off to anyone who will pay attention! Thanks for a great toy and experience!
Larger in Life, Very Soft
These are ADORABLE!!!  I got this as a "funny" gift for my boyfriend because we are like "peas in a pod" and we both love Toy Story. I did not expect much in terms of quality given how inexpensive this was, but I was VERY impressed. This is made extremely well and all the little peas are attached to the inside of the pod with invisible line. The zipper is very sturdy and we keep it zipped up most of the time because our cats like using it as a pillow. The peas have cute faces and are just like the ones in the movie! Two adults thought this was a great product so I would imagine a child would like it just as much :D.
Natsu!  I just received the Natsu plush in the mail today and it's just as described! He still had the tags and everything, so I knew he was brand new! I would buy from this seller again! :D Thanks!
Cute Minecraft spider.  Very soft material.  My son loves it.  Everything is embroidered on so there are no hard edges or parts and nothing to fall off.  Even the legs are somewhat square shaped.
... woke up this morning with the surprise of her favorite dolls.  My granddaughter woke up this morning with the surprise of her favorite dolls ... I love seeing her smile !!! perfect for your age, I recommend them 
Was purchased as a gift. Have only heard very positive things about it.
review!  Awesome detail for this little guy. Again, the picture does not do it justice. Am excited to give to my child for his bday!
Delivered on time, excelent price and product.  This is a gift for my nephew and is a very interesting toy, because you can interact with it and learn the care that a living thing been required. I'm also very satisfied since Furby arrived right on time and well packaged with very good price and product quality.  I trully recommend, tkx.
Good quality  Fulfilled my expectations
nice  mu daughter loves this  plush - she is happy she was able to find it online.  it's soft
Picture was correct  Loved it
So Cute!!!!  My daughter absolutely loves animal crossing, and when she asked for some of the toys for Christmas, Amazon was the only place where I found them at a reasonable price.  This KK Slider looks exactly like it does in the game, and also exactly as described on Amazon.  It even comes with it's own little cushion to sit on - so cute!!!!  My daughter was so excited to find these under the Christmas tree, and it was her favourite toy for 2013!!
So soft  Perfect for my 10month old boy to snuggle and play with, love the color and texture.
My daughter takes this everywhere.
Great product
Pink and Cuddly  My daughter loves this. She originally wanted the larger version. This is more economical, pink, and just perfect for a five year old.
Great for the aspiring kid pilot...or the kid in all of us.  SO DAMN CUTE!!!
Cute toy  Kid enjoys it. Neck bends. Sturdy but lovable
Great.  Both of my kids take these to bed every night and also everywhere with them during the day. These have been chewed on, stepped on, twisted, pulled, thrown, you name it. They come out of the wash perfectly. Great size, great plushies.
Small, but absolutely adorable. And when I say small I don't mean tiny  perfect for a small child or collector.
She loved it
Super soft and cute  bought it as a bday gift for a friend was perfect !
Made my wife very happy! Excellent purchase
great product
My great niece loves elmo and the fact that it talks  My great niece loves elmo and the fact that it talks, sings and hugs her makes her so happy. She plays and sleeps with him.
recommend  the woodpecker was delivered on time as promised and is so cute and the sound is good. I know my granddaughter is going to enjoy playing with "her birds" as she is getting a total of six from this seller for her birthday and Christmas
I shipped super fast. The plush is cute and soft and nicely made.
Great Christmas gift!  Great Christmas gift!
Birthday Gift  My niece absolutely loved it :-)
Beware the eyebrows! They are delicious.  My wife and I decided on a Super Mario Bros. theme for our son's nursery. This was his first stuffed animal. It is still one of his favorites. Soft, small, and perfect for the little guy's hands, he played with it, talked to it, and chewed on it nigh constantly.  The only issue we had with it was that, after 7 months, he managed to chew off both eyebrows.
The person I bought it for loves it.  Came on time.
Great for Snuggles  My 6 year old takes it everywhere!
boo  Bought as a gift and they loved it.
Grandson loves Mario  Christmas gift 2015 for a grandson that loves Mario
cute and soft!  So soft and cute! Great for a baby who loves dinos!!!!
Nice huggable deathclaw plush  Great plush to add to my video game memorabilia.
My 9 month olds favorite stuffed animal  My 9 month olds favorite stuffed animal, Boo! We have three of them that we rotate....in case "boo" should ever come up missing!
Omg I love this plush I was sad there was 1 left but there is now 17 I wish I had it but I will get it ones day
Perfect Gift  My college age daughter was so pleased with this giraffe! Ordered and sent gift wrapped. Arrived a day earlier than expected which is always nice. Soft, cuddly and great quality. Cheered her up just like I'd hoped it would.
LOVE
Perfect size for the young gamer in your life.
kawaii at it's best  It's really pretty good material i bought it cause my girlfriend loves Uranus and I'm very pleased it arrived 1 week early hope this helps ...
If you watch Death Note you will love this little guy  If you watch Death Note you will love this little guy.  ...now I just need to get some fake food to put in front of him...
Great product. This thing is huge.
Outstanding plush animal.  Very detailed.  Soft and cuddly.  The young lady this was purchased for absolutely loves it!!
Cute
Exactly as expected  11 year old daughter is obsessed with deidara. The plushy was well made, well priced, and exactly what she was looking for
Minecraft Lover  These are a gift and seem to be well made. I am happy with my purchase and the items are exactly as described.
Perfect!! Shipped well and exactly what I wanted!!
My son is very happy with his Elmo
Love it great. U guys at Amazon are the best.  Thanks.  Mauro chapa
I am... satisfied!  This thing is absolutely adorable! Very well made with high quality materials. It does not look cheap at all. Although it's nice to have, I personally cut off the little hanging suction cup at the top because we have him in our bedroom, not the car. Size is just right, not too big or too small. His left horn/antenna came off from a little rough playing with my niece but that's to be expected (he looks better without it anyway). Shipping was fast and easy as well. Overall, I am highly satisfied with this purchase.
Pretty simple. Good product  Quick delivery of a well made, cute, plush Ewok.  Pretty simple.  Good product, good delivery.
We love it!  As pictured!  We love it!
Sweet  Very soft, my daughter loves it!
My neice loved it
She loves it to pieces!  I bought him for a young girl friend of mine and had him anonymously shipped to her house. She knew it was from me instantly and I got some loving texts from her when he arrived at her house. He even arrived a week earlier than he was estimated to, which is a big plus from me!  So much love from the both of us.
Much better than it looks - get it.  Well made, lovely material, the four year old is mad for it. Forget the plastic ones. This will capture their imaginations.
:)  Yay
My grandson loves this, he is just a baby but loves it and grabs it.
Great Seller, Perfect product!
Valve, Portal weighted companion cube plushie  Valve, Portal weighted companion cube plushie arrived in excellent condition and on time.  My great-grandson is enjoying it very much.  It's just what he wanted.
Nice woody !
TEC the Tractor  The baby loved it. !  Perfect size for a one year old.
My son loved it
This little guy made my 9 yr old nephew  supper happy
I bought this as for a gift, and I don't even really care for Star Wars, but this little plush is so cute!  I can't wait to see my friend's face when she gets it!
Favorite Vaporeon Item I Own!  Honestly larger than I expected but that was a great thing! So soft and adorable! I really love this! Came in in 2 days with the 3-5 Day shipping! Super adorable!! Perfect for any cosplayer or pokemon collector! Vaporeon is my favorite pokemon and this is now my favorite item in my vaporeon collection!
Remy stands at the entrance to my kitchen, which is also the entrance to my condo.  I love seeing his sweet smile when I get home at night. I have other memorabilia from the movie as I LOVED it !! So glad I was able to get this one from you.
Exactly what I expected.
My daughters favorite toy since she was 6 months old  Great quality, super cute and soft. The barking isn't annoying. Perfect size for smaller kids. I wash and dry them frequently (she has several) and they always come out great.
My daughter love it
This toy was very cool and a good size. Son loves it!
Great Item! High Quality! :D  It's soft enough to squeeze, but firm enough to retain somewhat of a cube shape. The stitching is high-quality (a lot of detail). Each face of the cube has a 3D-ish pink heart. There are no scratchy parts, so it would make a decent pillow.
Adorable  My nephew loved this! A little smaller than I expected but it was worth it!
Soft, sweet, and delightful  Such a soft, sweet, delightful toy! The 6 month old we gave it to was enthralled immediately! It's not loud, but with the variety of textures on the ball's soft surfaces, the silky tags along its seams, the mirror for playing peek a boo, and the squeaky sound when it's squished provide ample activities for a little one. Our girl wasn't able to squeeze the ball tightly enough to get the monkey to pop up from the middle, but seemed interested when we did that for her. Eventually she'll get it, and will love it, too. Couldn't  be happier.
I got these for my son and he absolutely adores them!
Layla's baby  Our little Layla loves it. lites up & plays music.
My nephew loved it and spent his day hugging it  Really cute. My nephew loved it and spent his day hugging it.
She love anime thank you
Hit at the baby shower.
THANKS
Very cute and nice indeed!  Very cute  and nice indeed!
product as described
Great detail.  Cute little plush. Great detail.
Awesome!  My godson love it!!
This pluto is huge and very soft. I love it and am sure my grandson will love it too when he opens it for Christmas.
Great quality! I'm using them in my class and the kids can totally relate
My grandson LOVES this Tigger!
Awesome Rayquaza Plush  When I first saw this Rayquaza plush, it was around $40. When I waited too long to buy it, the price went up to $80! So I waited for the price to go back down. When it eventually did, I was very happy to purchase this. I was super excited when it came. But when I opened the box I realized it was squished into a small plastic bag. My first though was, "Oh no! It's head fin things are going to be all weird and bent!" unfortunately, I was right. It's head fin thingy was bent out of shape. I wasn't too upset (I'm not super picky about quality) so it was tolerable. But the wire inside was a bit weak, so I would hold it up and it would bend over on it's own. Again, I wasn't too upset. But what made me disappointed was it's mouth. It was opened weird so Rayquaza looks like it's going "MAAA". Not really majestic looking. Otherwise, the plush is very cool and nicely made! Some perfectionists might be annoyed by the fins being bent, but should be happy with the material quality. It is very fun to pose Rayquaza on various things. Right now he's just chillin' on my lamp, wrapping around it and looking awesome. Overall this is worth the buy if you can get over the bent head fins.
This was my 9 year old favorite
I can't say enough about this spoon!! My friends are soo Jealous!  I just can't stop RAVING about this spoon. While seemingly ordinary...it has magical powers. My shopping cart was boring just under the magic $25 dollar shipping limit...until this lovely spoon came along. It had the magical power to add the 50 cents I needed to get FREE SHIPPING.  Thank you magical SPOON!!
Adorable!  These dolls are so adorable and cute. Everyone was asking me where I got these from, as a sailor moon fan I am happy with them.  Just missing Mercury and Jupiter. I hope I can find them all later on.
Perfect for cuddling  This plush Maui is just the right cuddle size for my 4 year old. Very durable for toddler play.
Happy  I was very happy with this product.  Even my oldest child loves the toy.  Love the bendable wings and color.  I'm sure that my seven year niece will love it.
Attractive healthy plant  This is thriving still and was so well packaged!  What an attractive plant.
very good !  as shown on the web, right on time and well packed
So cute  This is really adorable in person. I bought it for a nephew but wanted to keep it for myself!
So cute!  This little critter teddy completes the set...its so adorable!
My son loves his magic carp!
Very good
Excellent Quality  Really Cute and comfy, great size for play room or a nursery decoration. Our little one uses it as a floor pillow for reading now.
She's absolutely perfect!!! You won't regret buying her!
Sonic plushies  Dau loves!
Our 4 year old daughter takes her pals everywhere with her, and practices her medical skills on them regularly.  They are well made, authentic to the cartoon, and just what the Doc ordered!
Great soft toys for children.  Our great granddaughter loves the movie so we got her the dinosaur and spot. She is 11 months old and she got the biggest kick out of the stuffed animals.  Sleeps with both them.
Adorable toy  Cute, grandson loved it. Alll that I was hoping for; priced right too. Recommend this toy highly; add to your collection.
My daughter loves it!  My daughter is 8 and asked for this for Christmas. It has been a great toy for her and her sister and they love it. The Furby Boom app is a big +.
This is the cutest thing it's for my first grand daughter due in August.
Value for the price!
Huge and wonderful!  My daughter got this from Santa and she LOVES it!
Big hugs  My husband and I play with this guy when the baby is not here as we get a big kick out of his sayings and antics .
11/10  Got this for my dog, it's his new buddy and he loves laying his head on it and sleeping near it and of course being petted with it. Very great quality.
my grandson loved it!  just what I ordered, my grandson loved it!!!!!!!!
Great value  This Hetalia Axis Powers America plush arrived on time and in great condition. My daughter really loved it. It really made her Christmas.
Sons loves it  My sons loves it. Bigger then I thought. Very nice
I can't wait for him to give it many years of love!  I bought this for my 4 month old son for his 1st birthday. Obviously i haven't gave it him yet but it is the cutest, softest, felxible toy! I can't wait for him to give it many years of love!
Perfect  It is the same way as described. I bought it as a present for my little brother and he loved it.
so cute  bought this for my son. it was his valentine gift from me. he is a big star wars fan. he thought it was great.
Great products  Love this book and toy!  Perfect for play time.
arrived early >>> very pleased
Great product!  My grandson loves this little penguin!!! Great product!!!
Excellent arrived quickly!
Awesome! Thanks!
Sweet!  This was a gift. My Aunt loves it.
My nephew loved this!
great price  My boy loves this toy and is way cheaper in Amazon that anywhere
perfect hard to find here
Arrived way before its time. Totally cute!
so expressive and well made small and handsome
AWESOME!!  A reviewer in an audio magazine said to check out the speakers that most theaters use. I did and found Klipsch in all of them locally.  I bought the RF-83 set to use with my ONKYO 907 receiver. These speakers rock from the subtley sublime to the house shaking rock music.  I highly recommend getting them if you can and have the floor space. Be aware that they are very large.
Perfect for any hello kitty fan  Cute beanie for my friends daughter. She loves it and takes it everywhere she goes.  Perfect size for a kiddo.
Godzilla Plush  Great toy, the kids love it!  good detail, very well made, and very true to the movies.  Highly recommended.
Exactly as advertised - got here quick
My 1.5 year old loves this toy.  She was always trying to play with the buckles on her car seat or high chair.  This is a great toy for her and keeps her entertained as she tries to learn how to buckle and zipper everything on the toy.
Burrito  Got them to give to a friend for christmas. I kept one and she kept the other. I named mine Burrito. 
The SplitPea is actually a great size! This user is really trustworthy so I would recommend anybody to this awesome product!
This is a cute plush from Inside Out.  Our little girl loves her and carries her around.  She does talk.
Bought as a present for my niece.  Seems to be well made, and is holding up well.  Would purchase again.
This is just a  Awesome gift
CREEPY!!
Absolutely what she wanted with all the accessories.
awesome product  Absolutely fantastic he was bigger than expected but that's even better he has all of the wings of freedom in the correct spot you could mover around almost every piece of clothing he has all the 3DMG parts and was very sturdily built and is soooooo cute love him although his hair is a little weird but I don't care I love it and it got here really fast I ordered him on the 6th of December its now the 12th of December
Great product, starts everytime.
Perfect addition to your plush collection!  Love my Homer! He's a bit large compared to my other plushies, but he's still a neat little addition to my plush family! Definitely would recommend him!
3yo son loves it  This is a nice jet for the $$. I did not expect it to be very big, but for a 3yo it is perfect size. I needed something not easily breakable and also soft as to not hit a tv etc. This was it. Son is happy, and i am glad I got it
Its huge  My little one absolutely loved her poppy! Its such a great purchase!
Adorable and soft  This adorable guy is soft and well assembled. We are happy with him.
This toy is AMAZING!!! The name personalization is very cool  We bought Cody for our 8 month old daughter for Christmas and it has quickly became one of her favorite toys. I thought it was very cool that it could be personalized to say her name. At first I didn't think her name would be in the online database to upload (since her name is not very common) but was surprised that her name was on the website - and at the sheer # of names available for download to Cody via the included USB cable. I was also surprised to see that there were hundreds of songs and stories to choose from to be uploaded to Cody and the fact that those stories could be customized with up to 5 or 6 family member's or friend's names. Cody also has an internal clock and can remember your child's birthday and also allows you to choose from lots of other holidays throughout the year to celebrate with your child by playing personalized messages to them. Cody also teaches the alphabet, numbers, body parts and other educational tidbits to your child. However, the coolest part by far is the customization. It was almost a little creepy the first few weeks when Cody would say her name but when friends and family visited they were amazed by how Cody would say her name. When we told them that Cody was customizable with songs, stories, holidays, and family and friend's names they were shocked. When we told them that he only cost $25 they were floored. This is by far the coolest toy we have bought our daughter since she was born.
Granddaughter loves it!  I purchased this for me because I love him in the movie but my Granddaughter wanted it so there it went.  It is a good size stuffed animal and very cute.  It appeared to be good quality.
Yep.
An Old Friend  Bought for a 2 year old Caillou fan, this soft Caillou is the perfect size for her.  She has not let go of Caillou since received and does pretend play with him to grow her imagination.  We can clearly see that she's learning by the way she interacts with Caillou - she takes him "shopping," makes sure he gets "fed," measures him on a growth chart, etc.  So while cute, Caillou helps to foster growth in a "friend" she trusts.
so cuddly  My son loves his new Elmo. It's a nice size for my 20 month old to carry and the quality is great!
Best stuffed corgi out there  The detail on this is far greater than I imagined. I got it to replace a friend's lesser quality stuffed animal that was misplaced and it was so detailed it made both her and a random auto mechanic that saw it tear up reminding them of their own Corgis.
2 1/2 year old loved it  My two and a half year old got this for Christmas and it was a hit. She preferred it over several other more expensive toys. This will be my go to gift for toddlers from now on. (Other toys that she received and loved were magna tiles and boon bath pipes. If you need gift ideas)
really nice size for the price
Now he has two to love!  My son loves Boxee so much, that he lost his and I had to re-order another one about a month after the first! LOL! A couple days later we found Roxy in the closet as soon as I opened it! Now he has two to love!
Great Toy for my 21 month old  My son loves his buckle. He has become obsessed with buckles so this toy was perfect!  It also does a fantastic job of keeping his fingers busy in the car.
Adorable!  It makes me smile. I'm a huge Halloween fan ever since I was a kid and this little guy is awesome to collect. I love it!
Small but cute!
Nice doll  Very cute. This doll is one one of the better representations of Disgust. Her features are very accurate. Our daughter will love this once she gets it for her birthday.
Happy child  My daughter loves this doll and sleeps with it every night.
you are the best and every parent needs one of these  Dear Gloworm, you are the best and every parent needs one of these! My son has had his gloworm since birth. I used to play it for him in his crib or playpen. Now it is his best friend. It will soothe him when he is upset. As soon as I start playing it for him, he gets a big smile and calms down. I don't leave home without it. I actually bought two- one stays in my travel bag and the other stays at home. Also, he is washable which is always a requirement for baby toys in my house. One note is when you first get gloworm, take his box out of his stomach and switch to play mode.
Super Shifu!  Excellent quality! Much better than that found in discount and toy stores!! Velour kimona instead of plain cotton. Beautiful eyebrows! Luxurious short-nap fur. Extremely well made. Adequately stuffed. Very durable. I'm very impressed with this toy!
Adorable  The plushes are adorable but both faces are just a little off centered but its still amazing
Super soft and cute. It took like a month for it to arrive, but I love it!
I am very pleased.  My granddaughter loves this doll. Therefore, I am very pleased.
Excellent
fun  This Elmo is perfect for a toddler who likes to have something cuddly to sleep with. It's very soft and just the right size.
My kids love it!  This stuffed animal is soft and cute! My kids love it!
Good quality very impressed!
My son loved it!
Great gift for my niece.
Very cute and soft and absolutely adorable  This little puppy is so soft and absolutely adorable. The one I got didn't stand up that great on its own but who cares -- it is perfect for loving and hugging!
Amazing peluche! The best of the best, I love it
SHE LOVED IT! It was huge and super soft  Bought as a birthday gift for my 9 year old niece.  SHE LOVED IT!  It was huge and super soft.
I LOVE IT!!  I love this, it makes a great decoration for my room. When family comes over they always compliment the dog. The shipping was very fast.
Soft, cuddly, well made  My children have never been disappointed by Aurora plush animals. Very soft, and squishy. My daughter loves to sleep with it. It is the perfect size for a 2 year old. Good quality. I wash and dry without any issues as well!
good
Love this sloth!  Bigger than I expected and of good material soft and cuddly (fur does not drop). Delivery is really very fast to Singapore. Really in love with it <3
Love!  Cute! Shiny. I recommend, every Pokmon lover should have one!
Adorable, Velvety Plush!  Adorable!  My daughter is in love with this little thing.  Good size, super soft,  and great price!  High quality also!
Such a cutie   Such a cute small doll/ stuffed animal. Fits perfectly on my bed. Very happy with this.
just right as a birthday present for a 2 year old
Super Cute! LOVE this hello kitty I currently have the same one and just had to order one for my niece. Definitely makes a cute Easter gift definitely recommend it.
I was a little worried about getting this most of the reviews were likes OMG its too small! Well I did it anyway and its exactly what it says it is its 11 inc so of course it won't be huge duh. Its super cute and its still a decent size especially if u want to pair it with another animal from the series which I plan on doing!
Fantastic!  I got this for my son's Christmas. He loves it.
My son loves it. It's bigger than him!!
... taken with these toys and it makes them really happy when they get  My grandsons are totally taken with these toys and it makes them really happy when they get them
Cute little oddish  This little guy was worth the wait. My 7 yr old is Pokemon obsessed and likes the stuffies so he can catch them at home-using the Pokemon plush ball, of course! The green leaves on top of Oddish's head do stand up nicely, as pictured. It's a well-made toy.
Wife loves her  Cute doll
My niece loves her DJ Lance Rock doll very much.
Arrived on time & in perfect condition.  Way cute! Just as pictured. Wish it was a bit larger in size, but the description did have measurements so the small size was expected. Priced high due to hard to find. Xmas gift for my child. Hell be thrilled even though its smaller than in the story/movie. Arrived on time & in perfect condition.
Just as described.
Well worth the money  It's more than I expected, very lifelike.
This is great because you can through it in the washer and dryer
A gift for our grandson  Our grandson is a big fan of the Angry Birds.  The 5 year old youngster is autistic and yet he is able to make jokes about the 'birds'.  He like this bird a lot, so we were pleased that he likes this one more than the others.
cuteness  Double the cuteness... Great deal and they are soft and beautifully cute
Godzilla plush  My son loves to watch the old Godzilla cartoons. His older brother has a plush Godzilla that we got him in the mid 90's that he still has. Now my youngest wanted his own but they are no longer available in stores. This made for a very happy little boy!
Adorable  She is so soft and the perfect size for a 3 year old.  Her legs hang down and are floppy so my daughter can make her hop, dance and sit.  Love her!
Extremely soft!  Some stuffed animals are softer than others- this is one of the softer ones!
So paw-some!!!  So cuddly and soft!!!! The long tail is so amazing and the ears and the eyes aw so KAWAII especially the scarf!! Good if ur a fan of animal jam
Awww it's soooo cute!  Awww it's soooo cute!! Seeing this guy whenever I get home from work relaxes the hell out of me!
The item was exactly as described and I know my child will be thrilled with it!  Many thanks!
Christmas present found online  Saw this little dog in Cracker Barrel but when I went to buy it they were sold out just before Christmas.  Found the stuffed toy online and was able to get it delivered (for free!) before Christmas.  Can't say enough about Amazon and its retailers!
Link looks good, I recommend out
Great for kids  I have a 4 year old nephew and he loves to snuggy with it for bedtime. And it is big enough to play with.
Perfect and Amazing  Perfect for anyone from 2 year olds to 23 year old boyfriends ;D
Princess Peach  My eight year old daughter loved this toy.  I would recommend this for any little girl who loves Princess Peach.
Adorable!
Very cute and my daughter is in LOVE with this Eevee  Very cute and my daughter is in LOVE with this Eevee. She crams it into her shirt and takes it EVERYWHERE. It's her new lovey. I'm just hoping it'll be available again soon so I can get a backup in case of the inevitable.
Cute Tinkerbell  This is absolutely adorable!  We bought this for our toddler's 1st birthday to decorate on the table.  It is now up on her bookshelf since she is still a bit too little to play with it.  We were worried that the wings would be flimsy, but they are nice and sturdy and the face on Tink is super cute.  Great purchase!
excellent  I love it. My son is very happy with Marui and Luigi 6" toy plush. Thank you so much guys
My son loved them so much he still plays with these and we got them months ago!
Perfect birthday gift for my daughter
love the toys  I loved the look and the easy assembling but the packaging could have been a little bit more secure.
My daughter loved it, just wish it were bigger.
Very cute  So cute my room mate bought some too.
The Hit of the Preschool  We bought this as a gift for our son's daycare class (3 year olds). They had been reading through all the Pete the Cat books and this puppet was an immediate hit. Definitely recommended!  :)
Excelente producto
Zombie  I sent this too my step son who is into Zombies.  He is 13 and thought it was great.  I haven't seen it myself but I am happy with the purchase.
Very cute  He's very soft, cuddly, and plushy....one of my favorite Bumbles.  Size and other features are as advertised.  3 more words required to submit this---sheeesh?!??!  LOL!
nostalgic, EXCELLENT condition  I had this toy as a child. My children love anteaters and had a large anteaer that they misplaced, so I bought this as a replacement. My kids LOVE it. The product is exactly as expected. It came in a sealed, good condition package. Basically I got a collectors edition TY. My intention was not to collect it but i very well could have with the product I recieved. From tip of nose to tip of tail this beanie is 7 inches long. It is 2 inches tall and the main body portion of the item is 3 inches. It is a small toy but if you are familiar with the McDonald's TY lines they are small. Originally this item was offered as a toy surprise in McDonalds happy meals YEARS ago. Thank you seller you made my kids day with this excellent condion item.
I love everything about Minions. The "pet dog" sits on my bed. It's so ugly it's cute.
Granddaughter loved it. Gave her Sadness too  Granddaughter loved it. Gave her Sadness too, but she did, like most of us, was not as joyful about sadness as a doll. I will continue to encourage her to get that point so well dramatized in the movie.
Olivia...falling in love  She is so precious and a perfect dolly for little children/babies just learning to give hugs and kisses. She is so light and soft.
We bought this as a gift for a friend. She just went crazy about it. The price was fair and it was really cute.
My dogs love them.
Super cute, babies loved it!
It was exactly as described
Best. Purchase. Ever.  Used this as a prop when I dressed up as Jabba the hut for a costume party on a cruise. Ended up trading it for backstage passes for one of my favorite bands because the bass player loves Star Wars and hooked me up. The toy was a total hit and then payed off huge. Salacious crumb is the man!
Awsome!!!
Love!  This dog is so adorable!  It is worth the price. It looks like my real basset hound!
LOVE IT!  My toddler adores The Good Dinosaur and was very excited to pull this guy out of the box.  It is well made and durable.  There is wire in the neck and front legs, which helps it stand.  My daughter holds it by the neck and attempts to ride it, carries it around everywhere, and sleeps with it every night.  The wire will shift in the neck during rough play (it doesn't poke out. It just makes his head bend in other directions or sinks down toward the body a bit).  I just nudge it back into place and straighten it.  I wouldn't call this a design flaw, its simply a toddler's normal rough wear and tear on a toy.  We've had it over a month and it still looks new.
Our grandchildren love this toy.
It's cute. It became my Rave Kani Necklace i wear at many events. =) <3
She is adorable!  My daughter loves her Poppy! She is adorable!
Great gift  My daughter loved them! Thank you!
Love!!!!  Love!!!! Very soft & plush! Also double the size of what I thought it would be! Almost 1/2 the size of my 2 month old! Came in a sealed plastic bag so I didn't have to worry about it getting dirty during shipping.
I wish I found this two years ago when the first granddaughter was obsessed with these buckles. I tried to make something like this. Well now her little sister is 15months and has the same obsession so this pillow was a BIG hit at Christmas time to say the least. She loves this little pillow and it is one of those toys you can take anywhere. I love it just as much. I use it to clip other toys to it when we are packing to come to my home I'm Mimi. So I look for it to pack up when I take both the girls overnight. It is a great toy to help with their fine motor skills!!
Cutest Koro-sensei!  Very cute and soft! I love it!
Son loves it!  My son sleeps with his twuck every night. The only plush, "realistic" looking construction vehicle I could find.
My 20-month-old is obsessed with the buckles on her high chair, so we knew this would be a hit. She loves it! She started by mastering the type of buckle she's familiar with, and then started matching the right colors, and now has moved on to practicing some of the new types of buckles she is unfamiliar with. This is a great toy - and perfect for keeping a toddler busy on a car ride!
So unbelievably sweet and cute.
Jafar a favorite villian at our house.  Very well made and very well loved by my special needs son Josh.  Josh loves Disney Villians so this is getting a lot of wear but is totally holding up to his aggressive play.  If your a villain lover Jafar is for you.
High quality! Perfect for 4 year old daughter!  Was a perfect gift for my daughter when we went to see "Finding Dory"! Perfect for her to hold under her arm and not too big. Very good quality construction as well.
Soft Huggable Fun  I always worry about buying stuffed animals online because you can't feel the texture of the fur or the softness of the plush. This bear is perfectly soft and huggable, with an adorable face.  UPDATE: It has now been eight years since I purchased this bear. He is still soft and huggable, has stood up extremely well to the test of time. My son now considered him his special bear. If you find one of these bears available, I suggest you buy it!
awesome  Cute and fits perfect
:)
good product.  works as advertised
It was just what I wanted it was perfect.
Such a cute stuffed animal. My son loves it
Best gift ever  Best gift ever! My 2 year old sleeps with him every night! It is so soft and the perfect size. A must if your children love Monsters.
Absolutely love ordering from Amazon. Always Pleased with my Products
Super Sweet  Kid loves it. Won't put it down. Seems to be made very well, solid stitching. Shouldn't have any issues with it. Thanks!!
Very Cute.  Very cute. My 2 year old is obsessed with Batman & he loves it. Great material. Very well made.
We Love our Lambie!  My little guy is five months old and the first of my three kids to actually take a pacifier. He also really likes things that are soft to the touch and always runs his fingers along things like his soft blanket. Since he's at that very tactile age and also loves his pacifier, I thought the Bop Buddie would be perfect for him!  At first I was disappointed when I got it because Jax only takes a pacifier that doesn't have a ring so there was nowhere to attach the Bop Buddie to. I had tried all different kinds with him and the ugly one from the hospital without a ring is all he wanted. I thought I would at least give it a shot and to my surprise he immediately took to the pacifier that came with the Bop Buddie. It was love at first sight!  I was really surprised he liked the pacifier but so happy I tried it before writing it off! He loves it! He just holds onto the little lamb and touches it's soft ears and fur while he is sucking on his pacifier.  In addition to the baby loving the lamb and having a soft cuddly toy for comfort with him at all times, there are several benefits for me! His old pacifier used to disappear on me ALL the time. I was constantly on the hunt for the pacifier and it could be hiding in plain view because it was hard to see. This one is much harder to miss!  The other thing I really like is that if it drops (when it drops) it doesn't bounce off and disappear like the other ones. Those things can bounce! He also seems to drop this one less; maybe because he's actually holding onto the lamb whereas the other pacifier would just be sitting in his mouth so if he opened his mouth at all, it would fall out.  The one thing I don't like so much is that it's white so it's harder to keep clean. It does wipe off with warm water and mild soap as directed but I wonder how long I'll be able to keep it clean. Yesterday Lambie went to the beach with us and took some abuse from the sand!  I'm surprisingly impressed with the Bop Buddie and all of the benefits that wouldn't have even occurred to me had I not tried it. And of course most importantly, Jax loves it too!  The Bop Buddie provides an attached cuddle toy for comfort to something they already use for comfort.
... it got here earlier than expected and it was perfect.  My daughter really wanted this and I wasn't sure about it coming from over seas but it got here earlier than expected and it was perfect.
Grandaughtre's gift  Cute and very fast delivery.
Awesome for anyone into Mickey Mouse
Mint condition, Wonderful plush. More than I hoped for and great for bumble fan. Thank u!
Great item, great condition
My boyfriend loved it
i love it
Very nice detail, loved it :D
Colorful dolphins suncatcher  A really beautiful suncatcher, with a bright blend of different colors that are more vibrant than the online photo.  Very reflective on the window, the dolphins appear to be dancing playfully, with a couple fish & coral around them.  Suction cup not included, buy a large one to protect from falling & breaking.
Disney Frozen Plush Olaf  The Disney Frozen 9 inch Plush Figure Olaf was exactly what I wanted.  He was the perfect gift for my granddaughter.
Cuddly and Durable!  My daughter is obsessed with Frozen and has been since it came out in theaters. She had a hard plastic Anna doll, but we quickly realized she needed one like this after finding her snuggling it in bed multiple nights in a row. This was the perfect purchase. It has been about a year since we bought it and it is still in great condition, which is very impressive considering how much "love" it has received from all of the kids, including our toddler aged son!
I love it  I love the plush. It arrived in a very timely manner. Way sooner than the expected delivery dates. It soo soft and it has made its home with my other plushies. Totally worth it.
Delivered as described and within time given  My daughter loves this thing.  She is a Pok&eacute;mon freak and while this was very expensive, it made her Christmas.  I will need to sew the "antlers" or what ever they are back together though.  They come as two separate panels - I think there may be 5 horns on each side that are connected to each other with one or two strings.  Its no big deal and nothing is falling apart, she is just a bit rough and they separated from each other while she contorts the poor thing into various shapes.
Loved it.  It's adorable!  My daughter loved it!!
This will keep you both busy.  Lenny will be 3 in October, has no problem locking them, but still working on the unlocking part.
really nicely made
Elmo  Loved the Elmo! He was exactly what I wanted. My Granddaughter will be delighted. I put Elmo in the Tiffany Bow cradle.
My kid was very happy to have received  Really plush and well made. My kid was very happy to have received this
My boyfriend really loved it.  Arrived right on schedule, and was exactly what I wanted. My boyfriend really loved it.
Elmo is a rad dude.
Love This.  Grandson was Thrilled with this tool kit. His very own & all the craft's he wanted to do. will buy again.
Adorable  I bought this toy for my boyfriend.  I wanted to buy him a stuffed animal to take with him as he traveled.  He has always been my "tiger" so I looked into tiger stuffed animals.  He wanted it to be small (ruling out the GIANT tigers. :P)  When I found this one, it was perfect.  It was small enough for him to travel with and absolutely adorable.  It turned out even better than I could imagine.  Absolutely adorable!!!  (Plus it turns out that the tiger was the national animal of the country he is going to. We'll pretend I planned that. ;) )
Lots of fun for a collector  Not only is this toy cute, fun, and utterly adorable I find it will help any Pokemon collector and I love the way it looks and how soft it is. I would definitely recommend this toy. It arrived on top, just like it was described.
He came out looking as good as new  My two year old daughter loves minions and loves this doll! She has carried it around a lot. She even takes him to sleep with her. We have had him since August 2015 and he is holding up well. However, his scarf did not make it past the first week. It was only held on by one piece of thread on the back of his neck. I do wish it had been tacked on at multiple points around his neck. But he is still cute. I also wish his jacket came off since it seems to get the dirtiest. His jacket isn't sewn on but I don't think I could get it back on if I took it off since his hands are so big. Spot cleaning is all the manufacturer recommends, but Gru was in my daughter's crib when her diaper leaked and got urine on him so into the washer her went! I took this opportunity to spray him with stain cleaner too. He came out looking as good as new!  If you found this review helpful and informative, please click yes! Thank you!
This guy still smells as good as he did the first day out of the package.
Perfect!  I ordered this for my daughter. We have loved The Little Prince forever. There was a time when products like this were unavailable. I was delighted to have found it on Amazon. She called me immediately upon receiving her surprise. She said it is absolutely beautiful, well made, and a true replica from the book. She had gifted one to me many years ago and she said this one is equal in quality and, in addition, hers has a fox with it!!!!! I would highly recommend, if you are a fan, that you have this wonderful piece of art in your surroundings. It's so much more than a "stuffed toy". It brings up the whole message every time you look at it.
my son won't go anywhere without it
Very nice quality!  Bought this as a gift for an otter lover and she absolutely loves it.  Very nice quality!
Great toy!  Our daughter is obsessed  with buckles and this toy meets her every obsessive need. She absolutely loves it!
Gf loved it.. Sadness made her happy.
We love it!  My son sleeps with his plush everyday. We love it!!! It is so super soft and cuddly.
cutie!  Love this plushie!!  For true Zelda fans this is a great little gift!  I bought one for my sons girlfriend and she loved it!
love this little guy  great gift for young and old star wars fans. is soft and squishy. would be great for cuddling or display
Adorable plushie  I got this for my sister. and Shes so in love with Isabel. Awesome gift for a Animal Crossing Fan.
The hood even comes off which is a wonderful added  Very cute! The hood even comes off which is a wonderful added touch
Nice Plush Toy  I bought this for my Grand child.  They named her "Zara" and I thought it would be a hit.  She is too young.  I will hang on to Zara Mouse until she is older.  The mask wasn't friendly enough.  She was a bit frightened.
it looks like the photos  I mean, it looks like the photos - it's well made and soft, not much else to say.
happy child happy mom  I got this for my daughter for her birthday. She was on cloud 9 when they came. They are a great size and made with a good quality. My child has taken these everywhere that she goes. So many have commented and asked where we have gotten them as in our area you can't just go to the store and buy them. For plush toys they are exactly what I expected them to be and very please.
Very cute!
Elmo is a wonderful toy of good quality  Elmo is a wonderful toy of good quality. My granddaughter loved and it and that's what's important to me.
tsum tsums  we love them so much
Large, sturdy plush  I was very impressed with the size and quality of my Palkia plush. It was very well stuffed and looks great. His "wings" can get bent easily, but overall this is a very nice plush!
Too cute  Totally adorable!!  Definitely the cutest Angry Birds themed plush, I've seen!!!  It's nice quality, fluffy and did I mention, ADORABLE!!!!
Bigger than I expected and  This was bigger than I expected.  I thought it was somewhat proportional to the Bubble Guppies and Mr. Grouper.  It is a little bigger than a gallon of milk.  It is 17" long from the front to the end of the tail.  It is 14" from the top of his head to the bottom the head.  It is smaller in diameter at the tail.  The head was 30" in diameter.  It is about 9" to 10" wide in his face and the face is about 11" from top to bottom.  It is also very soft in my opinion.  I think my daughter will love it when she sees it on Christmas morning!!!
Love the Bullseye character plush figure  Very satisfied with product.  And know my grandson will love it as well.  Smaller than I thought but just really big enough for cuddling at bedtime....
Love it  Can't beat the price. My son loves the bright colors of this toy and I love that it matches our monsters Inc nursery theme.
Beautiful!  What a great looking plushy! I looked through most of the Mario plushes here on Amazon for just the right one for my girlfriend and found this one. All I had to go on was the one review before me by Michael but I trusted him and went for it. I'm so glad I did! Quality looks fantastic. I'm leaving it in the plastic wrap it comes in for now but the big tag is clearly in Japanese made in China. Perfect size also, not too big not too small. I know she'll absolutely love this!
My nephew love these
Awesome bit of Zelda swag.  Bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and I gotta say, it's freaking adorable.  It's soft, cute, and built very nicely. What else is there to say, really?  He loves it to pieces. :)
Singing Elmo  My two year old really enjoys Elmo singing.
Perfect for small children  Was exactly what I was looking for.  Soft and cuddly.  Perfect for small children.  Ended up ordering a second one because it was so perfect!
Grand-daughter's birthday gift that she researched and chose herself . The 4th Dimension produces a quality product.
Perfect to add to the collection  My son loved it!  Exactly as ordered.
Great!!
Cthulu conquers all!!  My granddaughter's favorite!  I'm not sure how happy my daughter is ~ How do you explain Cthulu in relationship to a teddy bear or . . . . hmmmmm . . . . to anything else!  I have a doctorate degree in Medieval Metaphysics from Miskatonic University, so I'm sure that I'll come up with an answer!
Elf fun  I bought this for my 11 year old granddaughter and it was so much fun to watch the "elf" do her magic. My granddaughter loved her and cannot wait to see her again next Christmas . The elf made the Christmas spirit twice as bright.
Wow great buy!!  Excellent quality my god daughter loves it and made out of high quality materials exceeding my expectations.
Good quality and really soft material used which feels just well made.  Good quality and really soft material used. My kiddo adores it and was so happy to open it on his birthday.
haha for my mom. she loves it :)
woohoo
Gizmo  Was given as a gift to a good friend. She enjoyed it and now wants to get the movie too.
Hasbro Snorlax Plush  The Hasbro Snorlax plush is a really cute, durable plush that's great for kids. It's well-made and squishy; not the softest material but it's still a great Pokemon plush, that's why I rated it so high. But I really hope that nobody who finds this item listing is crazy enough to pay 45 dollars for it. They normally go for less than ten dollars. I got one in new condition, with a tag, for three dollars in a group auction on another site.  I highly recommend that anyone looking to collect Pokemon merchandise (especially older, hard-to-find items) join the livejournal community "Pkmncollectors." It is a community of people who buy, sell, and trade Pokemon items. If you plan to buy multiple Pokemon items in the future, I recommend Pkmncollectors.  There are a lot of Pokemon items, especially plush, that are worth a great deal of money and go for very high prices (I have seen 6 inch plush toys that regularly go for more than 60 dollars). The Hasbro Snorlax plush is not one of them.
Great my son was happy 2 get it we both really love the Smurffs thanks John
Birthday gift for my 5 year old daughter.  My daughter is a big Winnie the Pooh fan and has some of the characters. Eventually, she would like all of them. This was the perfect gift. Let's just say Piglet has been on many adventures since joining our family. My daughter LOVES him and takes him everywhere (he would go more places if I allowed). He is very soft and excellent quality with an embroidered Disney stamp of authenticity on the bottom of his foot, which is great since my daughter always likes me to cut the tags off (personally, I like to keep the tags for point of reference brand, year, etc.). He's also the perfect huggable size.
Perfect little snuggle buddy  I got this Llama for my 2 year old nephew for Christmas along with the Llama Llama Red Pajama book.  He loves listening to his mom and dad read him the book while he snuggles Llama.  Adorable.
Great way to occupy a 2 year old  The product is just as pictured and was delivered promptly. My son loved this toy on a recent flight - small soft and the clicks of the belts were not too loud on the plane.
Quality and looks good.  Exactly like it looks. Good quality.
My son Loves it. He got this with his own money. Very fast on getting here.
Cute for gift. Gave with book.
Very cute!
Awesome!!
Adorable  Super cute and even better than expected. It's a nice size and the quality seems good. Adorable!
I love it!!!! :3
Perfect to pair with the 9" plush spot. My granddaughter loves them!
They love to buckle & unbuckle over and over again  Very well made & cute.  I thought about making something myself due to the price, but trying to find straps that match the various buckles perfectly and not having an embroidery machine for the face on one side and numbers & shapes on the other side, and the time it would take to put it all together made this well worth the price. Bought this for my younger two boys to keep busy on a long airplane ride, but my 4 yr old fights over it too.  They love to buckle & unbuckle over and over again.  They also like to find the different color buckles that match up with each other (2 of each style buckle). Almost didn't buy because of the price for just a quiet busy toy on the airplane, but have been surprised how much each of my boys love it and always want to play with it!  Money well spent!
grandkids happy
Great  Loved it
Impressive quality  Quite impressed with the quality.  The material is thick and soft and larger than most plushies I have seen in stores. My boss were happy
Wonderful for helping us with our feelings!  We love this cute little buddy! I ordered this for my Pre-Kindergarten class.  We needed a friend that we could help through the trials and tribulations of being 4 and 5.  The children chose the name Lucy for her and now she is officially a member of our class.  The children even take turns tucking her in for naptime. A few of the children's winter holiday lists ended up with "A Lucy Doll" on them. :) This toy is well made and just the right size. Thank You!
Perfect  Item looked great! Description was dead on.
very cool  Got it for my girlfriend on our 6 month anniversary she loves it. Brags about it n shows it off at parties
Awesome bullet!!!  I ordered this product after playing the Mario Kart Wii. This product looks exactly how it is displayed in the game. I would recommened this product to all fans off the bullet!!
Grandson loves Woody  My grandson loves his Woody doll.  It is stuffed with no cord to pull, and that is exactly what I wanted.  I figured a 4 year old would easily and quickly break a pull cord.  If your child/grandchild likes Toy Story, this is a great gift.
Cute and cuddly
Great quality, just like the little minecraft plushies.
I have a happy grandson  My grandson loved them
Great Toddler gift!  Perfect for 2+ year olds, fun to play with. It also makes a good gift! Good plush toy for my sons
Solid deal for the price  Enderman of very high quality. Creeper looks a little strange but you can tell that it will from the picture so no complaints here.
my daughter loved it.
and I sent it directly to him so I only have his mom's word that it got there well and quickly as promised and that he loved it!  This was a gift for my nephew, and I sent it directly to him so I only have his mom's word that it got there well and quickly as promised and that he loved it!
Super cuddly!  Super soft and very nice quality toy. My kids love cuddling with this Eevee toy.
We love it  Beautiful. Just as expected. Hair gets messy quickly, but it happens to all dolls.
A good sized plush  A good sized plush, very SOFT and sits adorably on her feet! I would buy every Eeveelution in this model of plush if I had the money. Every Flareon fan ought to have one of these lovelies!
Great quality and stitchwork!
Very Cute!  Nightmare Before Christmas is a favorite with my oldest granddaughter so when she received this as a gift she was beyond happy.
The product arrived end of December instead of January so I guess that is a good thing. Product is new and pretty cute  We wanted the product to arrive before Christmas but received a notice stating it would arrive in January 2016.  The product arrived end of December instead of January so I guess that is a good thing.  Product is new and pretty cute!
Was on time and was a hit
Cute! Arrived Quickly!  Cute! arrived quickly from China! Worth the price no doubt! Thanks!
It was perfect!
Great plush - excellent purchasing experience  This plush toy exceeded by far my expectations given the price, the quality and the delivery time.  The entire family loves this plush and it is a very good replica of the one in the movies.
I love it  Perfect
Very nice
My son loved it, it looks bigger than 12"  My son loved it , it looks bigger than 12".
Lookes great in the back of my car window  Lookes great  in the back of my car window !!!!!
they love it!  Got it for grandsons, they love it!
the poke ball looks like the poke ball from the show  the zipper opens on it's own.the poke ball looks like the poke ball from the show!
Exactly as expected.
Very cute!  My daughter loves this. It is a good size and very cute.
Can't be any cuter! Very soft!
Wing Kirby!!  All of the Kirby Ability plushies are worth it!! They are made very well & very soft, colorful, & cuddly. I reccommend them to EVERYONE!!! :}
This was a Christmas gift for my grandson...he is a Five Nights At Freddy's freak! HE LOVES IT!
Good toy for kids
Was a gift  Very nice quality grandson loved it.
Adorable little tiger - my 4 yr  Adorable little tiger - my 4 yr. old received it for Christmas, but his 3 older siblings also adore this small toy.
Love Olaf  Got this for my son for Christmas. He loved the movie. This stuffed toy is great, he is very soft and cuddly.
A lot smaller than I expected other
Daughter loves this, keeps her well entertained during car rides.
These are adorable! The little one loves them  These are adorable!  The little one loves them. They say several different phrases each.  Perfect for the Yo Gabba Gabba lover!
Kid love it so much thumb up
Great!  Love this for a 2 year old girl! Needs help with some of the buckles but keeps her very occupied!
Perfect!  It's exactly what we needed to make this a very magical Christmas!!  Very affordable and appreciated!!  Thank you very much!!
Very cute and soft. Grand daughter loves it.
Gift.
bought for a friend she loved it and the quality wasn't  gread gift idea. bought for a friend she loved it and the quality wasn't bad
Super cute and the kids loved it!
Daughter loves them - they look great on the Pusheen Backpack!  super cute
It was awesome!
Great toy! My son really wanted a stuffed platypus for his birthday. This one is really soft and we'll constructed. He has slept with it every night since he got it.
GREAT PRODUCT!!! Buy it!!!  This works GREAT!! I would gladly buy it again!!!
Can I come in the out now....(it does not say this, but if it did that would be awesome!!)  My niece loves ooh. It has Jim Parsons voice. It has a few saying from the movie home.
Perfect
She said yes  Used it as a part of my "promposal." She loved it as much as I did.
Super adorable in person  Super adorable in person! I bought this for my two year old niece whose dad (my brother) LOVES the gremlins. He had one just like this when we were kids. He, and everyone else at the party, gasped with delight  and asked "Where did you find that?!" My 16 year old nieces BOTH begged for one for Christmas. Definitely satisfied!
Perfect
LOVE IT!! my students love it!
He loves it. It's very soft and cuddly.  He loves it.  It's very soft and cuddly.  I'd buy again
well made  my doll is well made and the quality is great.  my boys love it and they own the entire collection of the dolls.
Great Experience  The item arrived on time and was new, as advertised. Thanks!
Gift
Awsome  He's pretty cool! And met my expectations 
My boyfriend loved it. I was impressed how fast it was delivered!
Best toy for toddler entertainment! I keep it in the car. Worth EVERY penny.
Nice doll.
HAMMER KIRBY!!!  All of the Kirby Ability plushies are worth it!! They are made very well & very soft, colorful, & cuddly. I reccommend them to EVERYONE!!! :}  Also, This is the Official Hammer Kirby plushie. The other 2 i've had are bootlegs. And i FINALLY got the official one for Christmas!! I was so dang happy!! :'} Definitely get this if Hammer Kirby is your favorite ability like mine! c:
Not even a cute little Mike Myers could make him love me.  Even though me and the guy I gave this to since have broken up, he loved this gift.
100 REAL  My daughter LOVES FNAF.  Well thats an understatement.  She knows everything about it and how each plushy looks and what all the fakes look like.  This is 100% real and she LOVES IT.
Cute  So cute in nice quality fabric outfits!  I use him to decorated my car! Also bought more as a gift.
Head stays standing!  Very soft. I was worried that the large side head on the narrow neck/body would mean that the head would flop. It has not yet! It's not played with every day, but so far it stands tall. The facial expression is right on. Adorable and loveable doll.
Nailed it  The quality of this is great. The stitching is solid and it is stuffed to a great firm fill so that it stands on its own. Would recommend this for any collector.
Really gets the kids attention.
Adorable.  Just like in the show! Perfect size.
Very cute!  Adorable.  Very happy with it!
This plush is perfect for babies  This plush is perfect for babies.  It is just adorable!  The dress is cute, and it just looks and feels like it is very high quality!  The best part is it is indeed machine washable!
 PAMMEE PRINCESS is a cutie pie!   Another cute baby that will thrill my little grandaughter who is 3.
Nice Plush Toy  Very pleased with this order. My son loves it!
Great stuffed animal!  My son absolutely love this!! He is obsessed with Elmo. I'm just glad that it doesn't talk because Elmo's voice can get a bit annoying, so mom and son are both happy! :)
good
He is the cutest - especially without his outfit.  This little guy is adorable and fits the bill exactly for what I needed.  Removed his outfit in about 5 minutes and he's even cuter without it.
Like REAL Shark!  Nice.  Doesn't shed, nice details, eyes look great, and very soft and cuddly.  Recommend.
highly recommended!!  I received everything 0K, highly recommended!!!
Made the best gift for my little sister  It's unbelievably soft and very well made. It was the perfect gift!
Tec is a great friend!  Grandson loves it, takes it everywhere.
STOP THE PRESS!!!  I FOUND IT, IT'S THE GRAIL BIRD, THE IVORY BILLED WOODPECK...no, blast it, it's just a Pileated Woodpecker. That "authentic sound" thing must have tricked me. Silly me.
My wife loves it.  Her favorite Frozen character in a tsum tsum
My Baby Loves It!  Our baby just had his 2 month immunizations so we decided to buy this for him as a lil get well soon gift. He was miserable afterwards but smiled as soon as he saw Elmo. It doesn't have the option to add batteries but it's a little on the loud side so I'm sure it will last long enough that I wouldn't want to add batteries after hearing it so long. :) It's very soft and a great size for the price. Very happy with our purchase!
Even better than expected!  Excellent quality! Perfect for my daughter, she absolutely loves it!
Price is right.  Great price and so cute. Volume is perfect. Not to loud or low. Cute that sings and saids phrases. I recommend it. Got it for a one year old that loves Elmo. *****updated review***** Got a second one. My daughter loves it. She even talks like Elmo. She is 2.
Tummy Stuffers toy  It really is exactly what you see on tv, and the kids seem to really love it.  They seem to put everything, including their clean laundry in the animals, very cute! Only down side of this item is, the size wasn't the exact size I thought it would be.  Its smaller than you think, but all in all, I love the item.
Great Gift  My brother loved it for his birthday! Was a good plushie, nothing fraying or anything. and was clean :)
nice product, loved it and fast shipping
great toy  my 18 month old granddaughter just discovered Sesame Street and really loves her own Cookie Monster and Elmo toys.  They are just big enough for her to tote around the house.
Nice quality. My daughter loves it. Soft plush.
Super cute and a great size for little ones to carry around!  Super cute and a great size for little ones to carry around!
5 Stars!  My son loves this toy! He loves the squeeker and loves to chew on the links. Super soft and cute too!
This "Stitch" is is great! I thought I had to have one like my friends, hers says "I love you"...so initially, I didn't understand how to work it, and I couldn't make it say "I love you"....So I tried to return it and buy another, that says "I love you" I studied all the Stitches in the world....here is what I learned.... *Ears up in front: doesn't say I love you but HAS ANIMATRONICS  (It moves when it talks) *Ears down, flopping behind him: SAYS "I love you", BUT NO ANIMATRONICS, NO MOVEMENTS OF ANY KIND, NOT EVEN HIS MOUTH? So I am keeping this one, for my GRANDdaughters 2nd Birthday june 4th. maybe Santa will bring her the other? But I'm am sorry if I caused any confusion. I tried to cancel pick up with UPS, I tried that all night one night,?but that is no fault of the Vendor
Excellent quality
Kids love this. They hug Elmo all the time.
THANK YOU  My son Love it !! Fast shipping, great product! Thank you!!
Glad its Here!  I stuck it to outside of our  fish tank and waited for my three year old to notice she stared and kissed it she loves it. GREAT FOR NOW!!!
soft and perfect to scare your Luigi plushie with  Cute, soft and perfect to scare your Luigi plushie with ;)
Great Winnie the Pooh - my wife might like this more than my daughter...  Super cute and very soft. My wife is totally amazed by just how soft this Winnie the Pooh is, and tells me she's impressed by this guy every time she picks him up to move him. I have no idea how long it will last, but it's very cute and somewhat inexpensive (for a licensed product).
Nice.  Nice turtle for my daughter's nursery. Matches everything else nicely.
Sweet and soft  Sweet and soft
Super Satisfied  Very satisfied with arrival time and item was just as described and excellent price
Great for toddlers  We got this for our son after he became interested in playing with the buckles on his booster chair and he has had a great time with it!
Cool little toy.  Got this for my son's birthday and he loves it. Sings abc's and a bunch of other stuff. Not too awful loud either.
kids love it!  As described, kids love it!
My grand baby love this toy we sat down and played with it together, it is the perfect gift for any toddler
It was a gift and much loved by the boy
Adorable  Poor Jar Jar doesn't get nearly enough love. I bought this along with tickets to the Star Wars symphony and a Star Wars Tervis Tumbler for my boyfriend for Christmas. I put the tickets and this tsum inside the Tervis & gave it to him that way. Everything was perfect, and it was hilarious when he opened the cup & ole Jar Jar was peeking out at him.
Beautiful!!!
Buy it now, you will.  Great toy, exactly as advertised.  Hit with the kids!
well made- good value
cuter in person than on computer screen  Soft an fluffy. Just perfect and not too small. just makes the gift receiver happy. She was happy with colors too.
Llama Llama scores again!  Bought this for the grand daughter as she already LOVES all the Llama Llama books.  It is so cute - she sleeps with it every night.  Next I'll have to buy one for my grand son.  Well made and suitable for age 3+.
Ty
Better than expected. My son was pleased with his purchase.
My twin granddaughters just love them
decent for the price  This item came from overseas but arrived quickly. It's well made with soft fur and a medium amount of stuffing.
my son loves Kirby  my son loves Kirby he takes him everywere we go he loves him so much he cant even go to sleep without him
My son love it..Thank you amazon
Good size and very soft my girlfriend loves it
boo the dog  I am very happy with this product.  I shopped three places and the price was $30 to $36 on this product.  I found it on Amazon for $14 and something cents.  I was shocked that it was so reasonably priced since the other stores had it priced so high.  This little dog is very cute and very soft plush.  Great toy for kids to snuggle with.  It looks like and feels like a little teddy bear.
It's was great.
So adorable and just the right size to hang on your backpack or as an accessory to your outfit!
A great gift for gamers  Super cute. Better quality than I was expecting.
:)  Came as said.on time, same as the picture. Plushy toy, my brother loves it.great product.really trustworthy. It also had a string on top of the head i do believe.maybe to put it on a backpack or hang up?
Worth it!  I have 4 versions of these! The Egg is the BEST. Super cute and Soft. Lots of compliments. =)
Beautiful  I gave a 5 star rating for this because there is absolutely nothing to complain about. I bought this for my 2 year old, who loves mickey mouse. The material is beautiful. Its very durable. My son plays with it constantly and nothing has ripped or looks out of place what so ever. I plan to buy more from this seller and i recommend that every child has one! They are just too cute. Very soft. LOVE IT.
My son loved this
AWESOME!!!!
Lovely Toy  Works as advertised; was not too hard to get the batteries installed.  My grandson will love it.  Sheds a bit, though.
Very glad with the quality!
Loved it for Christmas!
Good quality for the price.  There is only a single rattle in the package. Our 5 month old loves to hold and shake this rattle and gets very excited by the bright colors. It is easy for tiny hands to grab and the colors are bright and entertaining.
Just like they said
Quality Product  Good quality, and show accurate. The material is soft, but durable and I would recommend it both for children and collectors. Definitely a decent product for the price. The only downside is that thing wings have a lot of play in them, so they tend to hang unevenly.
Thanks !  I will add this to my collection!
Lilo Doll  My niece loves Lilo....this doll was a big hit! It is not easy finding Lilo products, we were pleased with this item.
cute orangatan  when I saw this orang I fell in love with it.  It has the nicest expression and is easy for a child to hold.
Yay Amazon!  The Potter Heads in my life LOVED this for a new baby gift, as most of the other stuffed animals from HP are kind of well....scary. This worked perfectly for my new nephew's owl themed room and made his Potter loving parents very happy! They told me they went to the store at Universal and couldn't find one that matched the room. Yay Amazon!
Cute
Nico is best.  Cute plush, very nice quality. Might be tad bit expensive, but in my opinion it's worth every penny!
gift for a 7 yr old girl, it was exactly as described.
So far, so good  So far, after several months, it's still totally leak free.  Not really sure why they had to have the large adapter piece that attaches to the faucet but oh well.. it works... and no banging water pipes at shutoff.  The quality is solid for the money.  I'll be getting another for the back yard.
Cutest little gift ever!  Cutest little gift ever!  It was perfect for my 5 year old granddaughter.  We can wait to surprise her with it at Christmas.
Too Cute!  Adorable, I love them!  Well worth the price.  They sat on my front porch over the holidays.
My daughter really loves this HK  Gave for a gift- she loves HK & Cheering!
DISMEMBERED ZOMBIE!! FUN!  this plush zombie is absurdly fun! well worth its cost... my daughter is definitely gonna enjoy this little creature! and i bought one for me too, hehehe.
Happy
Cute and perfect to carry around to further my Halloween costume of Leela
Awesome unique plush  Bought this for my grandchild's birthday gift. It is so cute she loves it. Great for the platypus lover. Would purchase again.
Lightsaber Wounded, but Perfect Anyway  Came with a small tear in the seam of his arm, but with some red thread and a few minutes, that turned into BATTLE DAMAGE! My wife loves this thing, she's a Star Wars geek to the Nth degree, and also a huge fan of things that are plush (and pink, but I digress) and this wampa (which is now named Theo) is super-soft and perfectly-sized for cuddling.
Item delivered on time, was as described
plush  Its a very good plush toy. Its big and pretty. There was on time. Im glad and i recomemd it.
super happy!  Item just as described..super happy!!
I love it and it isn't one of those plushies that look weird compared to their tv show.
It is a large plush purple gallbladder. Product as described.
Fun item for children!  Grandchild loved this as she is a Domo Dino fan. She was thrilled to receive this item. Good quality, quick delivery. We are satisfied with this product!
I got this for my niece for Xmas  I always get her something crazy. It's my job as an Uncle ;) This was great, love how the waist comes apart - lol
love it so cute and soft now i just need freddy ,chica , toy freddy , toy chica , toy bonnie , and puppet
Well made doll! My daughter loves it
we love him!
Amazing price, great quality product.
Cute toy  Adorable toy for 8 yr old boy who loves Pokmon!
Loved It  Was a birthday present for my daughter's friend.  She loved it.
The legs are bendable high makes it more fun to play with since it can stand on its own.
Nice pink bear  My little granddaughter really enjoyed this toy.  It was nice to watch her push the buttons and laugh and talk to it.
i love my moogle!!  yay! i love it!! so soft and cute! arrived super quick and boxed up safely! absolutely thrilled!! thanks so much!
I love these calendars  I love these calendars.  The paper has some substance to it and I love that the monthly blocks are lined to keep the writing neater.
cute  cute stuffed puppy, looks like my dog and my grandaughter loves her. nice toy.
Great Winnie the Pooh Plush!  Very nice quality and soft. Best Winnie the Pooh plush we've had. Our son loves it.
11/10  I really love this little gal. I bought her in May, and she still looks brand new in December. Really soft and looks just like her in-game self. The pricing was great compared to other Animal Crossing plush toys. The colors are great, you can't see the stitching, her shirt is the correct design, I love it.
The fur was nice and not cheap feeling or itchy  Came within a reasonable time. The giraffe is very pink and extremely soft. The fur was nice and not cheap feeling or itchy. The giraffe was sturdy enough to stand up on it's own, but not stiff. Very good gift.
Bought for Nephew and love it.
Really cute  Wish I would have gotten more of these - almost every little Christmas Angel was wishing for anything/everything Frozen - This was very cute ..  Mailed on cardboard and shrink wrap was a little worried about it coming back to life to use as a stocking stuffer, but it fluffed up perfectly.
Gift for my 5 year old. They are a great size. It was just what I was looking for.
Great Plush Toy  Adorable and very soft.
Huge! My loves it!  Huge!  My loves it!
This was the perfect gift for my little brother ! He loved it !
Nice novelty item.  This is a nice product for a young soon to be hunter.  I bought this for my first son and it will look good in his room.  The folks complaining about the size really need to take note of the specs listed on the page.
Geo has saved the day, buyin Bot next.  Small toy, but did the trick. Son loves it.  My son, (who is 5) loves this darn thing.  I am now buying "Bot" as well.  I'm sure he will love that one too.  :)
Held up great and seems to be of good quality.
good quality and well put together  Just what I expected, good quality and well put together.
Well made
Cute
Great toy  My grandson loved it
My son's best buddy  I got this bear as a baby shower gift when I was pregnant with my son. He has slept with it every night since about 7 months old. He now will not sleep without it (he's 19 months old) and it's the only one of his toys he can say the name of. I've been forced to wash it in the washing machine several times because of odor issues from a baby who had reflux and loves to press his face into Pooh for kisses. It has held up remarkably well! I always keep him in a pillow case when I wash him. he looks like a little boy's favorite teddy bear (worn out) but his stitching has held up. We love our Winnie Pooh!
One more for my collection
Greatest Chewy ever  My nephew got one of these for his birthday and everyone at the party went crazy over it! It truly is a great toy but expensive. You might want to try Thinkgeek before you buy here.
I love to order these and surprise my son  Suuuuuper cute! I love to order these and surprise my son!
Absolutely adorable!! She is plush and I believe she is one of the earlier versions. Arrived quickly. Disclaimer:  I did not get this item for free or at a deep discounted price. All thoughts and opinions are my own.
Daughter loves it  Daughter loves it
Great toy!  My little guy loves this toy! We got it before his first plane ride (11 months) and he played with the buckles for almost an hour! We were so happy!
Naruto Fans I recommend  Amazing product for a Naruto fan! Would buy again since it came as shown and perfect durability for a small purchase. EDIT: Noticed the price increased so might be a little more expensive but still definitely recommend.
Soft and adorable furry plush dinosaur  I've been looking for just the right size dinosaur for my eight month old granddaughter.  This is the perfect size.  She is able to grab it with both hands and lift it up for the all important taste test (she's teething pretty hard right now.)  It's small enough for her to play with right now and yet big enough to still be a good size cuddly toy for years.  The fur is a light soft green and is in a swirly, textured type of style.  The ridges on the back (and on the bottom of the feet) are almost the same color but are a different fabric and texture (unlike the darker ones shown in the product description). They feel to be a velour type of fabric.  The eyes are safety eyes so they are safe for children under three.  The body is stuffed with a fiberfill and the legs are stuffed with (and weighted by) what feels to be tiny pellets.  The dinosaur is approximately 14 inches long and 7.5 inches tall.  There are no washing instructions included on the hang tags for my dinosaur but I checked and it is surface wash only.
My son is going to love it!  This goby plush is exactly as I expected. My son is going to love it!
found it to be smaller than expected but niece liked it  Christmas gift for niece she liked it but I feel it was a bit small  its 10 inches from very top of little pillow to the tip of the tiny feet. they did describe the little pillow at 10 inches so I guess I didn't read description.
Awesome my grandson loves him
Great rayquaza I my son loves it
Another educational winner  This is a great educational toy for your young ones or grandchildren. The only problem I see is the child gets too proficient in un snapping and buckling things...
Love This  These are great they lay flat so no bumps and they are very durable.  we have the flat bear too for our older son. they machine wash well too- on the delicate cycle though.
I bought this for my nephew after reading various reviews and I tend to agree with those reviewers giving this product 5 stars - it's soft, cuddly, well-made, and nice-looking.  My nephew LOVES it and couldn't stop hugging it when he got it.  I saw some previous reviews complaining about his bottom not being soft, and while it's not quite as soft as other areas due to the material that allows him to sit up on his own, it's not actually hard by any means.
A Perfect Addition to the Pokcollection  It's soft, cuddly, and as adorable as pictured. And the fact that it came almost four days earlier than expected? Officially dubbed Tesla, this Raichu makes a wonderful addition to my collection.
Fun While It Lasts  I paid less than $5 including shipping.  My cow jumped over the moon at least a dozen times.  The Moo was perfectly timed.  The thing really flew (don;t be scared to really stretch it back).  And then it fell apart.  More than an hours entertainment for young and old for under $5.  You bet it gets five stars.
fine
very cute!
Granddaughter a huge fan!  Granddaughter is so much like the Joy character of Inside Out. Had trouble locating this doll and was very glad Amazon had it in stock. She was so excited! She jumped for joy!
Fantastic  Very well made. The details are great, quality is really good, and it is really cute. Love it, getting them all
So cute it's Scary!  To this day the recipent of this Domo Loves it! Softer than a traditional Domo this one is cute and cuddly with just the right amount of spooky skeleton.
Holy awesomeness
Amazing. Very cute, love this thing.
it is cute  it look so fricking cute and evolves to pikachu by happiness and pikachu evolves to raichu from thunderstone. thanks for making it
Awesome product it's great quality and my kid loves it  Awesome  product it's  great quality and my kid loves it !!
LOVE IT
awesome  this was the one toy out of many, many others that made him the happiest...it was even better than we had expected and the smile has not left his face...nor has the little "toothless" left his side! thank you much!
Bought it for my girlfriend  Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend who Absol-utely adores Absol! She loved it, and I'm glad I bought it for her.  The plush itself is very soft, and it's very well made. It is a quality product with little to no flaws. One of the points on one of the wings was sunk in and malformed on the one I got, however, but it's no big deal. Overall, it's a good product sure to make any Pokemon fan happy. :)
Love this minion...  I bought one for my granddaughter, Jada's 7th birthday. She loves it. Now I have one too. I'm planning to purchase the (3) two eyed evil Minion this week for Christmas presents. A great item!
It was a great deal
Excellent choice   Really cute and excellent quality, my daughter love it 
My daughter loves this thing.  Fairly durable.
Clarise  Wonderful toy
Two year old loved it! :)  It was a gift for a 2 year old and she loved it!  She wouldn't let it go, was hugging, kissing, and even pretend sharing her food with it. :)
Cute  Very cute and cuddly.
Keeps her busy for hours
Comfy  This Pluto is soft and comfy for your little one. Love it!!!!
Lovely Bubble Guppie Nonny  My granddaughter loves it  Its as exactly as described.
Grandson hasn't put it down since Christmas!!
Was so pleasantly surprised at the quality! My grand daughter loves them!
Fun toy  This is such a cute and fun little toy.. i got it for my son who is crazy about gizmo... he loves it so much. i got it when he was 6 and he is almost 8 and still always wants it close by at bed time
well made
Excellent product. Excellent customer service.
Too Cute  I got 3 different wall mounts for my Son's nursery and I must say they are way to cute. I absolutely love them all 
Love it!
Good
Very Cute  My granddaughter and I are very happy with this version of Madeline. She has been added to her collection and is one of her favorites.
Great edition to my sons monster bedroom  So soft and cute. Great edition to my sons monster bedroom. He loves it and sleeps with it.
Love the push worth the money would buy from this vender again
He was amazing! He's a great size and perfect
Soft, simple stuffed dog  This Goldy Locks puppy by Manhattan Toy is precious and soft, and my five-year-old loves it.  She has been asking for a stuffed dog for quite some time, and this really fits the bill.  It's deliberately floppy and loose, so it can be squeezed and held tight at night.  He arrived sealed in plastic, so naturally his fur was matted down all over. However, after opening, he fluffed up nicely, and we did not notice any issues with loose or missing fur.  He is pretty much perfect, very soft, and well stitched.  While Goldy's nose is soft material, it is worth noting that s/he has the classic plastic eyes. They are well attached and buried deep within his fur, which I suppose is the only minor complaint we have.  He does look a little different than the product images in that his tiny eyes are really well hidden under his fur. But he can sit as seen in the product image, as well as lay down, of course.  He came with a detachable hang tag, which if placed slightly higher on his body could have easily looked like a faux collar.  All in all, my daughter is very pleased with this simple, classic stuffed dog.
Waluigi is a difficult find!  Son was so excited to receive!
would buy again!  These are too cute. They are small but not tiny. came way before expected. Love them.
I put this little magnet on my locker at the gym when I go so I can find it fast after class. Everyone else thought this was a great idea and now they want to buy their own - but different animals! This monkey is about 3 or 4 inches, small enough to carry in my gym bag, but large enough to be seen on the locker.
Tomy XY Squirtle is great!  Get one before they are gone!  Like other Tomy XY plushs, this 7in Squirtle matches up great with the rest in the series.  I wish he would have had a bit more of a happy grin on his face, but overall its great and stands on its own with no issue!  Don't settle for knock offs, when you can get these authorized Tomy plushes!  Tomy's Squirtle looks exactly like anything you'd see in any other form of Pokemon media, and they reek of quality at a decent price (retail).  The Kanto Starters are the most popular in the series, so they are the ones gaining value the quickest!  Get one while you still can!
Awesome!  Great product, 20 month old twins love it!!
Bought this to accompany the Nightmare before Christmas book. My son loves the nightmare before Christmas and is now obsessed with his Jack Christmas doll. Jack goes to bed with him every night. Decent size, soft, and solid enough to handle been handle by a three year old.
Love these plush items. So well made too
Very cute, its a gift. I knitted a little scarf for it in the colors of the babies room.
Perfect baby gift.
Well made  My son loves it. It is one of his favorites and has held up well so far. Quality plush.
Sweet thing  I bought this cute pink gloworm for my great neice, what a sweet toy...I definitely recommend this sweet lullaby toy, its soft, its cute and it plays sweet lullabys
Large gorgeous plush peacock toy.  The bird is large and gorgeous.  I saw it in a gift shop while on vacation and later regretted not buying it there so I was very happy to find it at Amazon.  I'm an adult using it as a room decoration.  I don't think I would let my preschool grandchildren play with it since I would not want it to get dirty.
good fun
Grandson reports it is perfect!
Awesome  Customizeable Bear  My daughter received this bear for Christmas, she was only three months old at the time, but she has come to love it. She's currently 10 months and will crawl across the room just to get this bear. It can be plugged into the computer and customized with several different options that I was not aware of upon purchasing. Its very soft and well made. the buttons are built in nicely but are still easy pressed by her tiny little fingers. The heart lights up and gets her attention when she is being fussy. It has the option to play music for five, fifteen, or thirty minutes. That is prolly my favorite feature since she can listen to it as she falls asleep. It Doesn't come with the cord to plus into the computer though but it takes a usb and they aren't expensive. I already had one laying around the house. I would def recommend buying!
Happy Boys  I had purchased 2 of the Dressy Kids. 1 for each Grandson. They are really happy to have their own Pal instead if their sisters dolls.
It was a gift and he loved  Really cute. It was a gift and he loved it
Cute Happy Donald Mini Tsum  If you are looking for the "happy" Donald and not the "angry" Donald, purchase this product - despite what a reviewer said about angry Donald below, this Donald is not the angry one. It is difficult to tell from the picture, but this Donald does have pink spots on his cheeks! The seller was extremely helpful and timely with my request.
Soft, quality Magikoopa - my 9 year old's absolute favorite!!  My son's favorite plush! Pikachu is a close second, but my son absolutely loves this guy! He is well made, shipping was fast. I had ordered one before Christmas (a month or two) and I waited, and waited for it to arrive until well into January and finally cancelled that order and ordered this guy from a USA supplier for a little bit more. Well worth it!! Very happy with the purchase and more importantly, my son loves it!!
My son loved it.  It arrived before its anticipated arrival date. It was just as it was described online. My son loved it.
Very cute and comes in a nice package.
So Cute!  Giant Microbes aren't for everyone but to the right people, they are a cute, educational, and fun way to display otherwise frightening insects and terrible diseases. I bought this one and two others. The dust mite is my favorite though!
very pleased.  All that we expected, very pleased.
... as well be Mary Poppins because he is practically perfect in every way  This stitch might as well be Mary Poppins because he is practically perfect in every way! He is the perfect gift for any stitch lover I know I will be buying a new one soon because my mother could not resist and she took him for herself
Cute, great value!  Our 2 year old grand daughter loved it.  It was just the right size for her, and made her books come to life.
Very soft!
Super soft and cute  This arrived earlier than specified. My granddaughter loves Peppa Pig. We watch several episodes a week. I like it because it's fun and it portrays a family that is loving, quarreling Siblings, works things out and laughs most of the time. It is a great show to demonstrate how to laugh at yourself. Sorry I've reviewed the show. The stuffed version is very nice. We got Princess Peppa and my granddaughter pointing out her shoes are really black when she's on tv. That is just funny. It seems well made and super soft and cuddly.
Adorable!
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas. Its what he asked me for. He loves it!
Really cute and comes with a little tag with interesting facts.
great entertainment when traveing with a toddler  Well made, rapid shipping, great entertainment when traveing with a toddler.
So cute!
beautiful, soft plushy  beautiful, soft plushy. My eight year old daughter is crazy about all things FNAF. This plushy is very nice.
A must for any llama llama fan. Made well.  A must for any llama llama fan. My two and a half year old was thrilled when I gave him this . His favorite book is llama llama red pajamas. It has held well to his pulling, throwing, and hauling it around.
very cute !!
Thanks  Thanks so much.
I bought this for my nephew Elijah for his third birthday. He loves it so much. thanks for delivering Homer on time. :)
My son loves it.  It is his favorate Christmas toy.  He takes Elmo all over and sleeps with him each night and travels with us.
exactly what was listed, came on time.
Present for grandson  My grandson loves it!
Anything I have purchased of Veggie Tales merchandise has been of the best quality!  These puppets are well made and exactly the characters my 4 year old granddaughter loves.  Anything I have purchased of Veggie Tales merchandise has been of the best quality!!!  Definitely 5 stars.
My son loves it  This Alien Chestburster is awesome. My 8 year old loves it so much. It's his favorite Christmas present, and he got a lot of presents. He loves it more than his tablet, which surprised me. It's really long and well made.
Brilliant!!!  Very cool.  I have a light over tub in bathroom. Shut that off and it was the coolest tubby time for my 2 yr old!!! Love this thing!!!
My grandson loved it!
this is still in a box for christmas
Great little dragon  Both of my daughters collect dragons, and are particularly fond of the Douglas line of dragons. Homer is portable sized and adorable. Both of my daughters have one, and both are very happy. The Douglas dragons are well constructed and soft, handling a lot of love.
Items Arrived In Perfect Condition. A++
it is his favorite. He sleeps with it every night  I ordered this for my sons birthday, it is his favorite. He sleeps with it every night.
Son loves it :)
Good purchase.  Bought as a present for my nephew and he loved it.
Adorable  This plush doll is small; fits in the palm of my hand. However, it is very adorable. Recommend as a gift or collectible.
Fun and educational  What a great toy and learning aid.  No t bad pillow either.  Our 9 month old grandson loves it.
Read measurements. It's cute but I didn't pay attention to the size so I was thinking it would be bigger.
Great quality, and super cute!!  This little guy is so fluffy, soft and cute. You won't regret your purchase. I've had him for 2 months now and he does not appear to shed even with regular play time. He is also as soft as the first day we received him. For any of you guys who also own stuffed animals from Build-a-Bear--shirts and head gear/accessories from them also fit this guy. We have him wearing a hoodie right now and he looks adorable!
Reasonably realistic and very cute and snuggly  My daughter was missing her dearly departed guinea pig, and she has slept with this toy every night since it arrived. It is the size of a small guinea pig and the way the fur lies and the way the body and head are sculpted make for a reasonably realistic toy. I recommend this if you are looking for a realistic cavy toy but don't want to spend the money on the super-realistic ones.
I love this thing!
Was bought for my son and he just loves it!
Yes
Great selection received. I was happy with my purchase
really cute my GrandDaughter loved it
Love it
Adorable, good buy  Perfect size for my 2 year old, she plays with them ,sleeps with them and loves hugging them as they're perfect hug-size!
True to Cartoon  Zuma looks just like the cartoon character. She is soft. Definitely worth every penny.  Tcridge@gmail.com
cutest little lymph node.  super soft and cuddly. perfect for med students or other science nerds. the size was reasonable as well! no complaints, other than the price could have been lower for a plush... but these rarely go on sale so it is what it is.
This was an instant hit with my 2 year old daughter. She loves to match the co-ordinating color straps and click the buckle closed. Wants to go again and again :) This is small enough that I keep it in the car and stroller so she can entertain herself for a while.
My son loved it.
Can't believe it looks this good. c  So cute! Can't believe it looks this good. c:
Super cute!  i just barely received my plush and I'm in love  with it! It's super adorable and soft. Highly recommended  to buy this plush!!
NOM NOM NOM  Fear the Panda, Love the Panda...wait no its domo...ok well i like it anyway, hanging from my rearview right now
Birthday gift for our Granddaughter  She loves it !!!!!!!
Love the dolls. Purfect Xmas gift
An Entertaining Toy for Little Ones  Bought these vehicles for my grandson.  He loves them!  I would recommend them to other 3 year olds interested in playing with cars
Super cute and soft in person. My daughter squealed with delight when she received it
Great!  Love it! Very, very well made - from the clothes to the actual doll! It's absolutely adorable and all the little accessories (buttons, eye patch, ect) are so cute and realistic! Totally worth the money :)
My grandson loved it.
My lil one absolutely loves this plush!
This was great
COOOOOOOOOKIE  We gave this toy to our soon to be 2 year old son for Christmas.  He was ecstatic!  As soon as he opened the package he yelled COOOOOOOOOOKKKKIIIIEEEE!  He regularly carries the toy around because it is soft.  He also loves that the mouth opens.  He often opens the mount by hand instead of using the button, so I have concerns about durability.  I think the toy will last long enough for him to outgrow it, so it's not a major concern.  From a parent's perspective, the toy is great because it make sound that is not real loud.  Also, it only makes noise while the button is being pushed, so we don't have to search the house looking for a toy that was left playing music after he moves on to the next toy.  This toy was the perfect small gift for a neighborhood Christmas party with a $15 limit.
good size plush
Great gift for the ladies.
This is so cute and will make a great gift.
Wish there were more boy dolls like this!  My daughter has several Groovy Girls and my son (age 6) was thrilled to receive this knight. Like all the GGs it is well made and soft. The clothes can be changed, but we have not yet bought any other boy outfits (haven't even looked yet--I hope they have some). This seems like an ideal doll for boys who are old enough that they've started identifying strongly with the characters geared heavily toward boys (knights, warriors, super heroes, etc.) yet this doll has a sweet expression and my kids like to pretend to feed him or push him around in the shopping cart just as much as they like to pretend he's in a battle!
This is awesome!
excellent quality  Excellent quality thick folders.
FUNNY PLUSH TOY SAYS A LOT  GREAT FOR ANYONE WITH A SENSE OF HUMOR, I HAVE MANY DUCK DYNASTY STUFF AT HOME, THIS ONE IS REALLY COOL, INTRO MUSIC THEN, "HEY" GET READY FOR SOME FUN. DUCK DYNASTY IS THE BEST. THANKS
Looks great!  Soft and well made. Great addition to my sons collection.
Adorable axolotl, my friend loved it.
Good Deal  My Vistas were shipped in well protected packaging.  They look and sound great.  The sound is super crisp, with that wonderful "sound stage" presence that is unique to electrostatic speakers.  I'd heard these Vista's in a showroom years ago and was hooked, but cost was prohibitive at that time.  Now a discontinued item at Martin Logan, these Vista's are a great deal and I jumped at the opportunity.  The model that replaced the Vista, the Theos, seem to differ only marginally from the Vista.  The panel on the Theos is 4" taller and thus has a slightly larger radiating area.  Otherwise the specs looked the same.  Yet the Theos model costs over $2K more ($5K/pair).  A word of caution: you will need a high quality amp for these Vistas.  Most speakers have 8 Ohm impedance and this is the comfort zone of most common receivers/amplifiers.  These Vistas, however, want (arguably, require) an amp specifically rated for 4 Ohm impedance to match their high current requirements.  After hookup, I discovered that my reciever (a Pioneer Elite SC-07, 140 watts each channel, certainly not an inexpensive component) was lacking.  The Vistas sounded "OK" to me at low-to-mid volume levels and not so "OK" when pushed higher.  Knowing the sound quality that was within grasp, I ended up digging deep into my wallet and purchasing a Bryston amplifier (I use the Pioneer receiver as a pre-amp), which to my ear, really brings out the best in these speakers.  The Bryston may have been overkill, but you WILL need to consider how you will push these Vistas (and what you're willing to spend to do so) if you want to get the most out of them.
looks real
My 4-yr old loves this soft Woody.  We have the doll that talks when you pull its string, but my son complains that it is too hard to sleep with.  This soft plush Woody was the answer.  Now he can snuggle at night.
I need them all!  I have the collection of Star Wars Tsum Tsum and this toy was perfect to keep working on completing it. The price is great and the quality/finish of the toys are awesome! I want them all!
Great for my busy son  I got this for my 2 year old son this Christmas and it was the only toy that kept his attention for longer than 5 minutes.  I noticed he was interested in every buckle we use for him (car seat, stroller, high chair, shopping cart) so when I stumbled on this toy by chance I purchased it immediately.  It's great for in the car and on the go too.  I'm thinking about getting it for my nephew too.
Kittens! Kittens! Kittens!  I cannot wait to give this to my Granddaughter for her Birthday! She is going to love it!! Well made and so clever!
It's co cute! (in an ugly, horrifying, baby killer alien way)
Love it  So cute and grandson loves him!
Everything was great
Well made, lightning fast shipping
The story book is nice too.  My son loves it. It's magical in his eyes. And he's ten years old. The story book is nice too.
She is well made, soft and cuddly.
So cute!  My daughter loves this plush and I love watching her learn while she plays.
HAY GUISE  GUISE HAY HAY HAY GUISE GUISE HAY GUISE, GUISE SRSLY GUISE HAY HAY GUISE NO SRSLY GUISE, GUISE HAY HAY HAY GUISE This plush HAY GUISE this plush pillow is great GUISE HAY HAY GUISE
adorable Peter Rabbit  He is the cutest and my daughter who loves the book of Peter Rabbit couldn't believe he was in her own easter basket.  Very well made, very sweet little "blue jacket with brass buttons, quite new."
Very cute for the price
Princess Leia Angry Bird  if you know someone who loves angry birds. this princess leia one will happily be added to their collection. I recommend this purchase.
Good Buckle Practice  Buckle is a really fun toy for my 21 month old. She was always wanting to buckle things that were too hard for her. Now she can practice on Buckle. She still has a gate time matching up some of the buckles, but that is just a skill she is working in and this toy really helps to develop that hand-eye coordination. The buckles are a nice, lightweight plastic that is easy for kids to put together and won't "snap" their fingers like regular buckles. I really want to collect all of these buckle toys for her!  Fun!!
My son loves the Zombie, added it to his collection.
A great Barney toy at a great price!  I ordered this for my 2 year old's birthday, as she is a HUGE Barney fan - and she loves it!!! It is the perfect size for carrying around and snuggling and it's super soft.  The voice doesn't sound exactly like the show, but it's not annoying and that's what matters to me! The button for the song is a bit hard to push correctly, so she's not able to do it on her own. This is good and bad: she can't play it over and over by herself, but that means that she keeps bringing it to me instead. I definitely recommend this for Barney lovers!
Great first buying item  this was for a baby shower cake.. she loved it.. it was a little bigger than I thought but she liked it that way
Fun!
Arrived fast and in great condition, smaller than expected but my son still likes it.
Perfect platypus  My friend and I are making a YouTube channel called the gaming platypus and this looks like the perfect mascot;)
Made a great gift!
Nice  Cute shark
Great gift! My daughter loves it!
Daughter LOVES it!  Daughter LOVES it!  She buckles everything she can get her hands on (high chairs, baby swing, etc) so I was looking for something else for her to buckle.  She will sit and play with it for a long time.
Great toy for frozen lovers  Great toy for frozen lovers. Expensive at the stores.. You can usually find it online for cheaper. Cute toy.. Many sayings and phrases!
Well made stuffed animal  I'm not sure why but my son really wanted a big stuffed mouse from Santa. He loves "Mousie."  It is super cute and soft, and his new favorite toy.
Works great.
Great  Great
My girlfriend totally love's joy as the moment she open her up  My girlfriend totally love's joy as the moment she open her up.  It came really  fast before the holidays she is so happy with her new doll .  I aslo got her Sadness . :)
Best plush I've found of gatomon. Thank you!
Its perfect and everything i expected  Its perfect and everything i expected . Its clean and no defects at all . Perf juuuust perf . Im happy
Nice Product. Recommend  My son loves this toy. It was very well made and made of a soft fabric.
Adorable!  Best arcanine plush available. I expected it to be a bit bigger, but it's still adorable. The mane is a bit yellower than the picture. Stands up on its own, but leaning a bit to the side. His stripes aren't stitched on but part of the fabric template. Overall great quality! Id say it's a bit of a hefty price for the size, though.
Great for travel or restaurant  Small size is great for to take along (in my bag or keep in car).  Snaps are not too hard or too easy.  Feels well put together.
This is one of the softest and cutest and most accurate mew plush I have ever seen.  Was such a great product that I ordered a second one so I could have one in each arm.  Both orders shipped with no problems and one even arrived earlier than predicted.  An absolutely wonderful product and would definitely recommend as well as order again!!
Just as expected, great.  A great plush, nice detail on the screen printing for both Soul's face and his head band accessories. Stitched well and made of nice material it's exactly whats depicted.
The material and build seem nice and sturdy  Got this to give as a gift and I can say I'm quite impressed with it.  The material and build seem nice and sturdy, and plus it actually looks like a GSP.
A must-have for any stitch fan he talks.  A little pricey but I love stitch so much I didn't care.  Don't think they are making this anymore so it's going to get more and more expensive.  A must-have for any stitch fan.  I play with it just a little bit and then put it on a shelf.  I love the fact that he talks.
So Cute!  This Oshawott is super-cute!  He is smiling, which is sometimes hard to find, with this character.  He's the usual Beanie Baby quality, which is pretty good.
Looks great
Gift
Too cute, well made!  Adorable! Almost hard to look at because it is impossibly cute. Modeled after an actual dog. My daughters love it.
The doll is beautiful and well made.
NIce  This was a gift and the recipient was delighted!  Nicely made and cute! The details are good . Thank you!
Froggin; here we come!  Love going frogging with our granddaughter ~ Nice to have XO
Exactly what my son wanted!  My 11 year old wanted an Axew plush SOOOO much. I was kicking myself for not buying it at Target when I had the chance. I was surprised to see so many different versions available for sale online. I finally chose this one since it's made by the same company as the ones sold at Target (which are sold out). My son was so happy---I enjoyed seeing his eyes shoot wide open as he gave me a HUGE hug and whispered "I love it. Thank you, Mom." :)
A must have!!  If you have a busy toddler, this is a MUST BUY. She loves the buckles and will sit for long periods of time to play with it.
Excellent Product. Beautiful
It was worth it,  It was what i was looking for and the color of it was what i wanted it to bed and im glad it song the I love you song!!! my granddaughter loves it she carried and played with it all day, looking foward to order agin in the future ,thanks for being a big smile to her face, Ilove it.
5 star review  I am very happy with Piglet; it was definitely a good buy.  I just wish I could get the plush of Kanga and little Roo (together) at a price I can afford.  I am an old grandmother on a fixed income who buys for my grandchildren.  I'm trying to  build memories affordably!!!
A Pink Ball of Joy!  I expected a simple cute Kirby plushie, but it is far more adorable then I imagined! The plushie is made of insanely soft material that is simply irresistible to pet. It comes in a simple plastic wrapping with the bar code and name of product on the bag. I gave it a 4 for durability because the feet are stiff, but I honestly like this feature because it keeps the Kirby standing up instead of rolling around everywhere like you would expect a ball shaped toy to do. The tag is cute as well, as shown in the picture it has Kirby's face on it and a little information on the materials and trademarking and all that. All in all it passed my expectations and is completely adorable and lovely for the price.
Great Christmas gift  cute! I got them for my granddaughters and I know they will love them!
The Reindeer doll is super cute!  My son loved it!
love it!
Love it! Love it
Love it!  My daughters favorite plush toy!!! Great quality and super cute! She carries it with her everywhere! We have the giraffe one!
My child loved this at 16 months old and had it figured out. To this day she still loves it and once a day or so she grabs it and plays with the buckles.
Lots of magical fun  My daughter is 20 months old and she just loves this wand.  She holds it while she watches Abby Cadabby and when Abby taps it, she taps it as well.  She also will carry it around with her and tap on things just to hear the sound.  She has had nights where she wants to sleep with it, and since it is a soft toy, I have let her.  She has a great time with the wands an I would highly recommend this toy to other Abby fans.  It is so cute to hear your schild go "Poof" like Abby does.  I also have a friend who has a 3 year old and she also loves the toy, when my daughter puts it down long anough for her to play with it.
very nice and large plush toy! recieved it before date that was published!
Great plush  Awesome deal and quality materials.  Good size too!
The plush's wings are exceptionally poseable and the color quality does not differ from the picture in any way. The plush is vibrant and sturdy, although I wish the legs were poseable as well. Nevertheless, a great buy for any kaiju fan.
adorable  adorable
Grandson luves this!!
Cabin Quilt  I am very pleased with this quilt. It is cute and gives you a cabin decor look.
Sweet little llamas for babies  So cute, soft and puffy.  Now if only they sold red pajamas that fit these little cuties...I'd be set.
Constantine did not disappoint-mole and all!  He is darling and plays well with Kermit!  Just what my granddaughter wanted!!
He was very happy with replacement  My grandson collects game plushes, figures etc. & his Bowser had his arm removed by family dog.  He was very happy with replacement.  Everything as as advertised including shipping time.
Chiro  Very cute, goes well with the Nightsong book.
Girlfriend loves it.  Girlfriend loves it.
Awesome product!
My 5 year old nephew loved this!
Perfect for my 17-month-old.
but it just makes her love it even more  My daughter loves this doll! One thing to keep in mind is that it talks and plays a lullaby when the tummy is pushed.  This came as a surprise the first time, but it just makes her love it even more.  Overall, this is a very cute doll.  However, the lullaby plays very easily when the tummy is just barely pushed and this can be an issue if your child is a light sleeper and sleeps with the Elmo because it could accidentally wake them up.  This has not been an issue for us, but it is just something to keep in mind.  Still five stars since my daughter loves this doll so much.
My dog loves it!  My dog thinks this is greatest toy ever.  He plays with it so much that I've gotten used to the sound of loons all throughout my house. It has held up really well.  I highly recommend it.
Granddaughter loves it
perfect gift for mom dad and baby!!!!!!
Excellent
So cute  I mean it's the cutest dog ever and just makes you laugh - what's not to love! He has become our "flat stanley" and travels with us.
Great stuffed animal  Great quality stuffed toy, I like that it stands on its own!
beautiful  Got them for Christmas and my 4 year old daughter absolutely loved it! It is gorgeous, unique, different and fun!
Very nice. the head (particularlly the snout) was a bit over-stuffed, but i just pinched it a bit and now it looks just like the sellers picture. Really love this product and highly recommend it.
Perfect size to sleep with and so cute!
his new favorite  My grandson loves it,  his new favorite
Very happy with product.
Adorable!  Organic Farm Buddies are well made, totally adorable toys and teethers for baby. I purchased this plush cow and their Penny the Pig rattle for the newborn baby of farmers at our farmers market. I was very happy with my purchase. Even nicer in person.
She's happy!  The recipient had a huge smile on her face when she opened this present!  Thank you for being part of her special day!
Small but adorable  This Lowly plush is well-made and adorable. It does have some sort of internal wire that makes it bendable, but you can't feel the wire from the outside. It's too small to hug, but very comforting to tote around with your (little) hand wrapped around it. I knew it would be only seven inches tall, but I was still surprised at how small it is and how small the circumference is, but the size does not diminish the pleasure Lowly can bring. By the way, if you are not familiar with Richard Scarry's books and characters, let me say they are endearing. An excellent introduction to Lowly's sweet personality is in Richard Scarry's Please and Thank You Book.
So glad we found it  This was bought for a friend and they absolutely love it.
My daughter received them for Xmas and loves them - so cute !
Child was thrilled
Love it!  Perfect size
Its Dave and Stewart not Dave Stewart!!!  My kid loved them, I also thought him about Sweet Dreams and what they are made off. He didn't disagree. I've traveled the world until I reached the Seven Seas, Everyone is looking for theses two, Some people want to use them, some people would rather get them used.  You got the picture.....
Totally amazing  I am not sure why or how, but this product totally erased my hormonal acne on my chin!  I did some research on the contents, and I think it is the grapeseed extract.  You guys should read the other reviews this is a great product.  I read the ingredients on the back and it is packed with ingredients that are helpful to the skin.  Results were noticed right away.  I'm addicted and hope it never gets discontinued... I have never seen this product in any store.
good for any SAO fan  big fan of SAO and couldn't pass it up. the look better then what i expected
loved it
Perfect for the friends who love 2PM  So cute. Perfect for the friends who love 2PM ;)
very cute!  My son loves this doll. good quality- very well made. impressed alot! Thanks so much! AAAAA++++++ would definatly buy more dolls here
wonderful toy  Really nice and soft . Better than I expected.  The kid I bought it for loved it.  Its got nice detail but still looks cute and cuddly
This GRINCH is a happy grinch!  My grandson is 2 and Grinch obsessed!  I looked at Grinch's all over the Internet and found this one to be  a nice size and good price, even tho I didn't really want the Xmas Grinch, my grandson loves him!  Highly Recommend.
Cool
My 3-yr-old grandson loves his Toodee "pillow."
She loved this right away as it was a buckle  I found this toy by just searching for buckle toy. My nine month old granddaughter just loves checking on plastic buckles for everything! She loved this right away as it was a buckle. She liked opening up the velcro animals on the back and we play peek a boo with them.  When she is  a little older, I know she will love buckling them together.
Great gift, very cool idea!  This was a huge hit with my busy youngest boy. I could hand him this in the car and it would keep him occupied for the whole drive! I also got a lot of inquiries from people when they saw it. Fantastic idea!! I'd probably buy this for the 18mo-3yr age range.
Love it.  this is very cute & soft.  Love it.
Foxy  They will love them. Super nice thank yoy
perfect for my little guy.
Smaller than it seems, but still great!  It's a bit smaller than expected, perfect for a kid or baby -- of who I gave t to. Soft and cute, it's great! My little cousin loves to bite on it and swing it around.
Lovely creature  Furbys entertained a few generations already and will keep going. It's interactive. Easy to deal with and to take care of. Furby Boom is a lot better than the previous editions. I guess they worked a lot more in making them talk in a way you can understand most of what they say.
Cute sunflower  Cute sunflower so that the youngest grang child can play with the two older brothers.
Super cute! Took several weeks to get here  Super cute!  Took several weeks to get here, but totally worth it when they came.
Cool, one happy little lad, thanks.
holding up just fine.  My grandson loves it....holding up just fine.
Great product!  Where else can you find a stuffed Korosensei?  Great product!
Great toy  My daughter is obsessed with Mario and had to have him.  He's durable not flimsy and seems really well made
Peppa & George  My toddler went crazy when she saw these,there was a string attached to them but I cut it off & problem solved! Very good for the price,nice size!
Love the elves
Cool toy.
Love it.
I now have a ton of pictures of my nephew dragging his new educational toy around!
Great for a young toddler!  I bought this for my LO when she was a year old, and she wasn't thrilled. She's almost two now and this is one of her favorite toys. We keep it in the car to entertain her. It's been great for her fine motor skills!
Simply lovely!
Buy It!  He absolutely lovse this big huge stuff animal.  Very well made.  Thanks so much!
Product as advertised. Timely shipping !!
Great For Toddlers  These toddler plush dolls were absolutely adorable! They are a perfect size for little toddler girls.
My daughter loves this!
Love it
Love it!!!  What a fun little toy.  My granddaughter has become obsessed with any type of buckle or snap so when I saw this product I knew I had to buy it for her.  It is exactly as pictured and is a huge hit with her.  Teaches young ones great coordination skills. The snaps are just the right amount of challenge for her. Not to easy not to difficult.  She will sit and snap and unsnap these little buckles for an hour. Keeps her quite entertained. I love it!
My daughter loves it!  My daughter loves it! Thanks Amazon!
adorable for kids
Goat  Loved it.
My daughter loves this.  The batteries lasted surprisingly long for all the colors and changing it does.  It was accidentally left on for a couple of days so that did kill off the batteries finally.  Thankfully it is not too hard to replace the batteries.
Perfect travel tou  Fun toy that kept the interest of my one year old and three year old during our recent airplane travels.
Grandkids loved it.  Dory's mother. Cute. Grandkids loved it.
So cute I almost stole it for myself!  Little Miss Rose the Red Panda has a pride of place on my daughter's bed and is carried with her everywhere. Soft, cuddly, nice textured fur.
Cute, soft, lovable  Cute,  soft, lovable!
Cuddly!  He is adorable and is loved by my 2 1/2 year old grand son!  He was more expensive on your site, but was unavailable at Target where he was priced quite a bit less.
great gift  Purchased for Xmas gift for nephew. He loved it! It is super soft, bright colors, and good quality. Would recommend.
Just what I was looking for.  It was just what I was expecting. The perfect thing to give our grandson for Christmas along with the whale adoption we gave him. He loved it!
Authentic
Good quality
Lovely & so soft!  This is THEE softest blanket on the entire planet, my 3 year old loves it & sleeps with it nightly. Through naps & night time, it's held up beautifully. I'm very impressed!
It's very soft and cool.  Love it
Awesome  As described
My grandson loves it.  Received faster than expected
Plush pink Giraffe...Adorable!  I bought this for my granddaughter who is 3. She informed me that her little friends all had giraffes and she did not have one. So I looked up plush giraffes and found this one in pink. It is very well made and adorable. Needles to say, she loves it and plays with her all the time and named her "Sophie". It is little enough so she can take her with her wherever she goes! I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you Amazon!
Stuffed Toy  My granddaughter's favorite book is There's An Alligator Under My Bed.  I have to read to her every visit.  This toy was perfect.
Ittoki otoya plush toy  I bought this for my niece, who LOVES anime! This is a very cute toy. It arrived before delivery estimate, packaged fine. This was an excellent price, compared to what some vendors were selling them for at Comicon 2013/NYC!! ATLEAST that's what my niece & husband told me! I would definitely recommend!
Really cute!
Excellent item  Item as described don't see any problems and enjoying the products benefits.  I would suggest this item be mailed direclty to your door.  Excellent item kids loved
Gift  Very, very cute stuffed plush animal.  I knew of Boo, but bought this as a gift.  It's so cute, I nearly kept it myself!  Gift was a hit!
This plush doll comes in good condition. I was very pleased with the product  This plush doll comes in good condition. I was very pleased with the product. It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but is still a nice plush.
Very soft and appears to be well made.  This is so soft and appears well made.  I'm grateful because we waited well over a month for it.  My son will like this
As expected  My kids love these plush characters to make videos with. This one fits right in. It's durable and cute. Good value online versus in store.
Perfect  Adorable! I used this bear for a diaper bike that I made for a baby shower. Super soft and well made
Cute!  Super cute, goes great with all my Gaiman books
very soft
Made a great gift  Purchased this as a gift. Does exactly as it says on the tin. The little guy is maybe 7 inches tall with suction cups attached to the hands. Although it may not be obvious, this is officially licensed merchandise, for those who might find that important.
Cute  Awesome and cute just like the description. makes a sound when u press it! definitely recommend to PVZ lovers. sunflower brings the money
Arrived quickly and just what I wanted. Thank you, Barney
It was a gift and they loved it
Shaggy is a hit.  Arrived in proper packaging and as shown in listing photos.
he's adorable.
Best slipper ever!  I have a 3 year old little  boy who LOVES Lightening McQueen.  He loves these slippers better than anything in the world.  Additionally, the eyes are glow in the dark.  He wears them around, would wear them outside if I let him, and will sleep in them!  They are precious and not bulky.  He can maneuver around the house and up and down the stairs quite easily in them.  I was a little worried at first with him on the stairs, but he seems to do fine.  Best slipper ever!  I hope I can find a larger size when he outgrows them because that is going to be a sad, sad day....
Kids love them  Good size, for 2-3 year olds made well.
This little Bender is adorable. It was a gift for my little daughter who loves Bender (thanks to her dad). Cute, soft, and cuddly.
Perfect condition  This arrived in perfect condition and on time. This was a perfect addition to my sons Angry Birds collection. Quick and easy as always!
Great choice  Very happy with the otter I received...Cute & lovable. Excellent gift.
i love ugly dolls and i LOVE handsome panther, yes i do
Fast shipping!  My son loves minecraft! Nice soft material, but durable for the washer. He was so excited to get these on Christmas morning. It was really fast shipping on these. They arrived within the week I ordered them.
My son loves it.
DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON  They have it at JCPenny for $16. They just got more back in stock. It is a wonderful gift for anyone at any age.
Size Does Matter  This was a little bigger than what I wanted, keeping it, but also went back to order the 10" size, one that fits bigger for the hands of a youngster.  This is a good size for a dorm room.
Product received as advertised. Fast Shipping with Prime!
Great!
ONLY A COLLECTORS ITEM!  NECA makes products that are only to be used as displayed items and lightly used content. I have no clue why some of the reviews are complaing about poor quality when they should already know what NECA is all about. I bought this and its the most awsome COLLECTABLE item that is DISPLAYED on my shelf and nothing more than that.
Cute, son loved!  My son loves this stuffed animal! He and his friends play the games and watch the YouTube videos of Five Nights at Freddy's- which this character is derived from. This soft plush isn't scary, it's actually kind of cute, even though the games and videos are all rather frightening. (The boys all still love them- if you have a son, you understand..) It's pretty hard to find cute characters of this brand, so we were very happy to find this one!
love it perfect for my change. looks just like Naruto's
My son loves it
Perfect
AMAZING!
Great product for great value  Product shipped super fast and came in great condition! It was a gift for my nephew and he loved it. Great size and detail like you have come to expect from Funko.
Love it!!!!  Love it!
Sons bday gift, he loves it.
just what I was looking for  My daughter loves Elmo and loves that she has her very own.  Great quality and perfect size!
a cutie!  good quality and nice design.
LLama  My granddaughter was so thrilled to get this doll!! She has all of her books, and makes her Mom read one or two every night at bedtime.. She is only 3...Big Success!!
Awesome seller! Received my purchase perfectly  Awesome seller! Received my purchase perfectly. My son was so happy.  :) Thank you!!!
Grumpy Grumpy Grumpy"...........  Doesn't seem that tall but he is worth every penny spent, love Grumpy! He is adorable!
Well worth it!  We absolutely love this toy! My 20 month old loves it, as well as my 4 year old. I might need to get another one so they stop fighting over it :)
Furby Pink and Blue  I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Met all our expectations. Great Product, would definitely buy again.
Cute
Very adorable  Very adorable, I love my little Akamaru. He's the perfect size and not bad for the price. And it came in very quickly. Definitely a good buy for any Naruto fan.
So adorable!!  It looks just like the picture and is remarkably cuddly. My younger brother saw mine, which I've named Tybalt ("Tibbles"), and instantly announced that he wanted one. So soft and adorable! And quite realistic!
Goes well with the book.
great
Yoda looks like the real Yoda.  I love  him and may the force be with you...
Good stuff
it was lovely
My son takes this everywhere. It seems improbable that a toy from a horror game would become the plush toy he won't sleep without, but there you have it.
Great toy!!
Great!  Promptly received condition and quality as expected!
Fun Baby Sven  This is great for a young child. The kids are all excited about Frozen these days--and recognize the character.  It should hold up well and not break easily.  It's a gift.
Quiet busy activity.  Very nice quiet busy activity for a toddler who is trying to learn everyday tasks.
hes cute
Worked well for our costume!
Great for cuddles  Extremely soft, and I love the details on there from the real buttons to the one floppy ear.  My four year old niece loves him.
Well-made, decent detailing, great size!  My 2 year old has a few of these Toy Story dolls including Woody, Jessie, Buzz, and Bullseye. She absolutely loves these toys I must say, and carries them around with her everywhere we go. I love the size of these dolls, as they are big enough to act out play or ride on Bullseye, and small enough to tuck under her arm and tote around. The detailing is done nicely, the name ANDY is even sewn onto the bottom of their feet just like in the movie. There are no hard plastic parts, even on the face if that is an issue for you. As their shirts are white they do tend to collect a little dirt after some time, so I usually either handwash them with a clean dish brush or tie up in a pillow case so it doesnt get ruined and put on gentle cycle in the washing machine. Overall I would recommend this doll or any of the others to any Toy Story fan.
Very nice set for early readers
excellent detail.  Very very soft...excellent detail.
Perfect toy for my baby's carseat. It keeps her occupied.
wow so cute
love this little guy  love this little guy! when i see him i just cant help but feel happy because he's so cute. A wonderful purchase :)
A great gift for a Pokemon lover!  I got this plush as a birthday present. Finding a Pokemon Center Charizard plush before X and Y came out proved to be rather difficult, but when I received this I was ecstatic. It was in a clear plastic bag in a box lined with Japanese newspaper. The stitching is extremely well done and the plush itself is really soft. My only complaint is that the wings have a little difficulty standing upright and the top teeth are folded up, other than that the plush is perfect! :)
A must for those that love CLASSIC Super Grover  I own this little guy and just love it.. One of the best looking versions of Super Grover that I have seen in years. He is soft and has sayings like I am Super Grover, and Watch out! If there is a lesson to this toy, Super Grover is all about helping People... He  wears is classic helmet and cape and is just like I remember when I was small...
Great service  10/10
Great quality.
Hugs  My granddaughter absolutely loved her new doll.  Whenever Poppy says "It's Hug Time", she comes to me and gives me a big hug.
It's all good  Everything was positive...price, item, shipping.
Bright color and good to be snuggle  As described. Bright color and good to be snuggle.
Great!  My 9 year old son loved it and said it was larger than he anticipated that it would be. The wings have wire in them and are pose-able, so very cool!
Toddler learned to love it  I got it for Toddler's second birthday after watching him buckling every single buckle he could find, but sadly he could not have been less interested.  Now, though, he's nearly two and a half and is all into it.  I'm not sure what the takeaway here is other than, you know, Toddlers can change their minds.  (Yes, yes.  Like you needed me to tell you that.)
Wonderful!
Bought this for my daycare kids. They love buckles and zippers and I love how cute this is! :) So far it's holding up and we all know how many rounds of tug of war a group of 3 year old kids have per day. ;)
This ET is adorable!! I got him for a costume  OMGoodness!  This  ET  is adorable!!  I  got  him  for  a  costume ... but  he's  found  his  way  to  many  areas  of  our  home  to  "hide"!  =)
Bigger than I thought. Really cute! Bought it for a Christmas present!
Pluto plush 17"  Love the Pluto Plush! Purchased as a gift! Very soft and cute. Green collar has name "Pluto" on it. Arrived on time, new with tag and looks great in person!
my kids love  Cute little guy, my kids love it
love it!  i actually really like this. it's small, but well made, stands up well, looks awesome, and really captures a lot of the little details about darmanitan really well. would recommend. photo is next to a 3ds xl for reference in regards to size.
Granddaughter loved it.  Very cute. Granddaughter loved it.
Perfect for personalization!  These cute little elephants are super soft.  I bought them to use a birth announcements!  Hold HTV with no issues.
Well....  K here is the deal my daughter loves it but... I asked to  erly for her birthday I didn't get a email or anything.....
We love it.  This little turtle is so cute and has gotten hours of use.  We love it.
Perfect for a young one  I ordered this as a gift for my 6 year old nephew's birthday. It arrived a week earlier than was expected and when he got it, he was thrilled. It's soft enough to sleep with and makes a perfect gift to go along with his 'How to Train Your Dragon' bed set I bought him.
Great Buy  Very well made!
Just my size MM!  Love it. So cute. My nephew loves Mickey Mouse and it's basically the same size as him. Perfect Christmas gift. He's going to love it
Highly recommend!  I bought two of these for my 2 year old twins because they are obsessed with fastening things.  This toy is a huge hit! We have been bringing them when we go out to eat to help keep them entertained.  Highly recommend!
Love it!  Clarice is soft and lovable. I love that the eyes are sewed in and I don't have to worry about them falling out.  My daughter is going to absolutely love her.
He's so adorable and it's from Labyrinth ... Bowie.
Nigella Whisk is great  I love this whisk. It came very quickly. I am quite happy.
my grand daughter loves all three
Little bear, big surprize.  I ordered this little ewok for my pastor to give to his wife for Christmas. When i placed the order it didn't look like we'd get it in time, but it came on Christmas Eve, and made my Pastor's wife a very surprised lady! She had wanted an ewok ever since they first appeared in Star Wars. When i opened up the package to make sure everything was ok,this little ewok was just fine. Very detailed in it's face. Quite plush, and the stitching was small and tight. Good quality. A great toy and great service.
Perfect!  <div id="video-block-R2RZ40G8WKSQSF" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1tEZut823S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71T0FJZJWsS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My daughter is 20 months old and this Elmo is the  perfect size for her. She loves Elmo and this soft huggable doll is perfect.  It has a beanbag bottom that gives him just the right amount of weight and helps him sit up. His big smile and big eyes are perfectly sewn and he looks just like Elmo on TV.  The size is so soft and make him even more huggable.
My son really love this Bowser  My son really love this Bowser
Love it
Very happy baby and aunty.  This was a surprise gift for my one year old great niece. This picture proves how much she absolutely loves it. It plays a lullaby song and says elmo is sleepy. It is a fairly loud lullaby for about 15 seconds and she is the happiest baby and I am very pleased with the packaging and very pleased with the size of the doll that is easy enough for her to carry around for her age
happy buyer  I bought this lorax as a gift for my sister because she loves the movie. She absolutely loved this as a gift!
Great Quality  Great quality and my son loves it!
This monkey is my daughter's favorite of all her plushies  This monkey is my daughter's favorite of all her plushies. Its nice and soft and cuddly. Its been almost 2 years I bought it and no rips or damages till now. Really worth the price!
Much bigger and cuter than expected and Granddaughter loves it!  Very cute stuffed toy. I believe I got the large. It's quite big as you can see in picture. Granddaughter is 10 and loves it.
I Love Jr.
He loved his chavo  I bought it for my son he is two years old. He loved his chavo.
Chewie at his best!
Grandson loved it
Great quality!  Ordered for my daughter for Easter and she loved it!! Super soft and cute plus great quality!
Little Boys and Little Blue Trucks  Got this for my grandson. He loves Little Blue Truck stuff anything. I was pleased with the way it looked and it was here when I was told it would be.
Super Soft Plush Toy  Delivered right on time....very soft plush toy! A very good buy. My son loves this soft cuddly toy and sleeps with it every night!
Ideal 61-040 Glo tester  This is a glo tester that is high quality and is one that I use as an electrician in my everyday work.
Good quality  Washed it first thing in my washer after I received it, and it came out just as new. Good quality! My 14-months old son likes the character,  and it is big, light and soft enough for him to hug and carry around. satisfied with the product.
son loves him  adorable
cute little Vaporeon  this guy is beautiful!
perfect gift for a collector of Elephant  Thank you IKEA and Amazon this was a great Christmas gift. My daughter has been looking for a more realistic looking AND soft elephant and this did the trick not to mention you get Mommy & baby!!
:) Looove  Very detail stuff animal of Isabelle. This is something that would go well near your nightstand, shelf, or desk. A little tiny but I don't mind it really. Not baby friendly cause the might bite the bell off or the red tie. It's kind delicate. It can't sit upright on it's own so you need to prop it up against something, which isn't really a big deal.
great price and quality
This rudolf works good it's very cute & works good . It shipped really fast.
Finally an authentic officially licensed Toadette plushie!  Well it's about time they made one of those, considering that Toadette has played a major role in Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker and has just started appearing overall in more spin-off games. Toadette is one of my favorite characters, and I did have a plushie of her before I ordered this one, but San-ei always cranks out high quality Mario plushies and it's a delight that they finally made Toadette to pair with Toad. The Toadette is part of the new line of All-Stars plushies, which are essentially a reprint and typically more accurate versions compared to the first print.  The toy arrived a bit later due to a transit delay but I can forgive them since I ordered her around Thanksgiving, so they're bound to be busy. I was very happy to see her arrive. She came in box, protected by a plastic bag to protect her and stuff, which is something you expect. A word of warning, Toadette is slightly tallerthan the San-ei first print Toad plushie (the one where he's sitting down, not the All-Stars version, in which I don't have yet), meaning she will tower over him a bit (first print Toad is around 6.5, this Toadette is around 8 inches. It's to match the 8 inch All-Stars Toad I believe).  I think it's because she's standing rather than sitting like that Toad plush.  Toadette is soft and cuddly, like all other San-ei plushies. The details are highly accurate, perhaps the most accurate you can get for a Toadette plushie. Everything is stitched, including details on her skirt. She has beans in her feet and none in her body, unlike the Toad plushie, where the beans where in his body rather than his feet. The tag I see is authentic as well, as it displays a pic of Toadette and the All-Stars collection line, alongside her Japanese name, Kinopiko (). Her braids are loose and wavy, and they may be a bit delicate, but from my experience, they'll hold unless you continuously bash her against a wall or something. They feel not as delicate as Paratroopa's wings at least. Or Piranha Plant's stem.  I'm totally satisfied with this product and I would strongly recommend to any Toadette fan out there!
Hard to find item..  Good size, good price... Granddaughter loves it!
Cute Little Elmo!  This is a great little Elmo- he looks cuter in person than in the picture!  And mine was very RED, not pink like some people mentioned.  He's cute, he's furry, and even though my 1- and 2-year-olds aren't all that fond of him, Mommy is!
My daughter loved it  My husband turned my 3 year old onto Yo Gabba Gabba a year ago. She has been obsessed with the show ever since. I saw these plush dolls and thought it would be great for Christmas. They were a big hit and she was thrilled.
Adorable  Really cute and soft.  My 2 year old niece loves it.
It is just the right size and great colors!  My granddaughter really enjoys this toy.  It is just the right size and great colors!
Gift for friend  Very pretty
He's adorable... for a dragon! My grandson will love it!
This Elm's just perfect..  This Elm's just perfect ... It's the right size for little arms to hug and teaches ABC all for a great price !!
My girls really like mermaids and this mermaid was a pleasant surprise to wake up to. Good quality, after a few months she is still looking new and sturdy.
My Grandson loved it. Great sleeping buddy.
Much bigger than expected  I wasn't paying attention to the "Mega" part when I purchased this. At 15 bucks you get a pretty decent sized plush doll. If you like Spider-Gwen, this is a must have.
8 yr old son collects MINECRAFT toys and LOVES THIS!  He carries it with him wherever he goes. This is one of the best produced toy lines out today. JINX has outdone themselves with the quality, detail and value.
my granddaughter LOVES her Elsa doll!  <3
Finally!  I am so glad that they finally made a Nonny plush!  He is my son's favorite character.  He is as well made as the other Bubble Guppy plush dolls.
we love it.  Really cute, we love it.
This Elmo is a great size! & looks like real Elmo  This Elmo is a great size! & looks like real Elmo. I would guesstimate 18 inches maybe a little bigger. & great quality. My son loves him!
I bought this for my 2 year old niece for Christmas.  It worked great right out of the box and was a lot of fun for her to play with on Christmas morning.
The sweetest stuffed animal...  This is the sweetest stuffed animal. My grandson will love it. It is small enough for a 4 year old to carry around and very soft and cuddly. The quality appears to be good. I would recommend this item.
Beautiful Olaf!  Quick delivery. Beautiful Olaf!
AMAZING!!!  This is one of the best plushies I've even seen.  I've seen them in stores like F.Y.E but they are shoddy.  I was pleased to see it so well sewn and put together.  Great product, good price.
Fun toy for my two year old
Great Collectables  This a great collectible for any Nintendo / Mario fan. I have been collecting these for my son and he has about 30 or more. I highly recommend these items.
Great product!  Great product!! Gave it as a gift to my friend. Only con is that it didn't come with a lightsaber!
Lol cool fit good
Excellent
A great pair of slippers!  These Godzilla Plush Slippers are top notch! I've had them for quite a while now. They are very comfortable and very well made. The material is very soft and cozy. Overall an excellent choice of footwear to keep your feet warm and make them look fearsomely cool! Godzilla would be proud!
Very good quality and exactly what we expected  Worth the money! Very good quality and exactly what we expected. Very pleased!
nice size. Very pleased  So soft, well made, nice size. Very pleased.
Great item
We love it! The only thing is that it is smaller than I thought but it is Awesome!
Baby loves it!  This took me back to my childhood! My baby loves to stare at it whilenin bed nd cuddles with it when he is falling asleep. So cute!
cute small basset hound toy
very cute  I love it very cute. The material is great very soft and love the color
Tinker's Magic  Christmas gift for Granddaughter.  She has it among her Disney collection and at times is clutching tinker bell as she falls to sleep.
Bulb orb review  My son loves it! Plush toy is nicely made. Looks just like the bulb orbs from the pikmin game! Highly recommend if your child likes pikmin
Can't wait to give it to my grandson!
Love it!  The quality is really good and the better one: My son just loved it ... It's sleeping in his nursery since.
Perfect  My daughter wanted a real live Axolotl.  This was a great substitute.
Nice! Just what I was looking for.
Super perfect in size (little plush toy)  For a friend that loves Yoshi and expecting a girl. Super perfect in size (little plush toy).
Cute toy  This is so cute! My Daughter loves it.
Purchased as Gift  Recipient loves both Chewbacca and Angry Birds, so this was a perfect choice for a gift. Loved it. Much larger than anticipated but this isn't a bad thing in my opinion. I would recommend it to anyone with a love of both Star Wars and Angry Birds.
This was a Christmas gift for my grandson...he is a Five Nights At Freddy's freak! HE LOVES IT!
Tinker Bell  Granddaughter was thrilled  to no end when she saw it.
Hilarious; Love it!  FANTASTIC!  Kids and adults both love it.  It's larger than I thought but being so makes it easier to pass off.  It's hilarious; best gift of the year!
Very lifelike, cute and cuddly.  Very well made!  A Christmas present for my granddaughter who has a real Hedgehog, this toy is cuter than the real one!  Soft and cuddly and very well made, she loved it.
Granddaughter loves Branch. He goes everywhere with her.
:)  Love it- was for a white elephant Xmas swap. My family thought it was hilarious, and it was so cute I wanted I keep it.
My daughter loved it!
Will annoy you for hours... Kids love it of course.
making this toy a favorite.  My grandson is two and a half and obsessed with buckles on shopping carts or his high chair.  This Buster Buckle Toy was the answer for portable toy that he just loves!  The toy is well constructed and has bright colors and a friendly face, making this toy a favorite.
High Quality, Perfect Gift for Peppa Fans  The little boy I bought this for just loved it. Now I'll have to buy every other Peppa Pig character to make the family complete!
cutesome overload  it looks very cute in actual and the delivery was fast. i love it.
loveable  bought it as a gift to my gf. she definitely liked it. the color, shape as is, and it is soft and feels like a quality product.
Toddler approved! The perfect toy for our little one!  I bought this for my son last November when he was about 18 months. This stuffed Elmo is the perfect size for him! Its light and safe because the eyes and nose are sewn on and not hard plastic. It goes everywhere with us and has held up wonderfully through a lot of toddler love. He absolutely loves his Elmo!
Love this Rudolph  I purchased one of these Rudolphs at CVS a few years ago and my granddaughter is so attached to it that I had to find another one just in case (and for any future grandchildren).  It is no longer found at CVS.  Although the price was way more than I had previously paid I am very pleased with Rudolph.  He is more stuffed than the one I had unless I just don't remember how he was before being played with so much.  He's the best.
True Audiophile Phones  Sennheiser is known for audiophile headphones, and microphones. Their vintage mikes are true collectors items, and chances are that your favorite crooners were recorded with sennheiser mikes. The 590's are almost identical to the top of the line 600's. I own both the 590 and grado headphones, and IMHO the sennheisers blow away the grado. The high and mid range are especially transparent and natural sounding, the bass clean, tight and not overwhelming. Great all around choice. They are of lower efficency than cheap phones, so you need a relatively high ouput device or a separate headphone amplifier to realize their full potential.
I Love it, so cute and soft  It's for my  9 yr granddaughter for Christmas so she will have to say. I Love it, so cute and soft!!
my 2 yo liked it  super cute and nice quality
My nieces are not disappointed!  I have been looking everywhere for these dolls, and I only could find Anna. The girls absolutely love them!
Perfect size!
Best choice for a toddler!  I bought this for my granddaughter and it's her favorite Elmo, so far. (She owns several of them in different styles and sizes.) Perfect size for a toddler, and soft enough to cuddle.
Even better than it looks in the picture  Even better than it looks in the picture. I got this for my girlfriend and it was very quality made.
Great little toys.
Cute little well made bear, my son loves him. Thank you.
sister in-law live it
I love it!  Cute! I love it!
Got My Chewbacca Angry Bird!  It soft and cuddly and ANGRY!!  (not really)  Why should my son have all the fun?  Daddy had to get an Angry Bird, too...
My students LOVE curing cancer!
PERFECT  DA BAE LOVED IT AND SLEEPS WITH it EVERY NIGHT SO CUTE
Great price, super soft!  I bought this for my 5 year old for his birthday. We recently changed his room to a space themed room and this blanket was perfect. It's not big enough to use as a comforter but it covers him well and is soooooo super soft. I would definitely by this again!
love
Good product. Good delivery time.
It's adorable and soft and looks very realistic  Bought this for my friend who loves hedgehogs. It's adorable and soft and looks very realistic! The next best thing to having a real one!
Love it!
Very cute plush
Great shipped safely and they all look amazing.
Cute gift!  My little sister loved it!  Cute little gift for the kids, especially around the holidays.  Not too big or too overwhelming of a toy :)
Soothing Toy, Staying Power With The Kids  Babies and toddlers love this thing. Two of our nieces have gotten these from us, both of them love it, even now (where the oldest is over 4 years old). It's a great buy, with the lullaby and soft glow.
THE BEST  This is the best thing ever! You should buy this!!!!! Amazing! Awesome! Cool!
Nice toy  Nice toy.  Seems to be made well.  Not as plush as I expected (as others have noted) but a good likeness and my little one was very happy with it.
Gift
I like this one very much  Very soft and a longer style manatee,,,well made,,,I like this one very much....
Too Cute - Soft - Realistic Looking - Good Price  Love this -- It was for a special teenager and this cute little Rottweiler has special meaning-  It was perfect -- Soft, adorable, realistic looking.  Thank you!
They have one for each child now so were thrilled
Frederick SaltNPepper  If you're looking for the "best" goat out of your Amazon options currently (1/2017) I say this is definitely the softest and cutest goat. I bought them all! They're all great but Frederick SaltNPepper has a special place in my heart.
Great for a baby  Ordered three. No complaints so far, but the three little recipients cannot yet speak.
Great Knife Perfect Size  Great swiss army knife it is a perfect pocket size. The regular philips head I believe is better then the ones that are thinner and square with a smaller philips head because there is more surface area for the head on this knife to grab onto and prevents stripping. Serrated scissors work better then the ones on my SwissCard now that Victorinox has bought Wenger I think they should standardize the better tools throughout both brands. For the price you can't go wrong with this knife.
Perfect buy!  My son is in love with this!
My daughters best friend  We purchased this little Giraffe for my daughters and when I received it I was surprised it has very soft fur. The one thing I will say about it is if you are looking for something to snuggle with this may be tricky because the legs are stiff and don't bend. But it's adorable to stand it in the corner of a room and it actually stands up. My daughter totes it around with her and place with all of her stuffed animals with it. It seems to be holding up really well as she has laid on it and stuck a big ball in its legs and they haven't bent or broke. Today she wrapped it up in a blanket and carried it around like a baby. This is very functional because it can go in a child's room and it can be used as a toy. I am very impressed.
Love it!  Bought this as a gift for my best friend's baby and she absolutely loves it. Received the product in a plastic wrapping/cover, and there was no plastic smell (or any other lingering smell) when I took it out of the packaging.  The product is also very soft (both the feel of the outer fabric and the stuffing type/amount used).  Was very happy and would recommend without hesitation!
An oink above the rest!  These stuffed animals are great! My daughter loves them! They are medium sized (around the size of a gallon of milk). Peppa and George are very soft and cuddly. They strongly resemble the characters on TV and even sport slightly bendable ears and legs.
Great  Very cute and a good likeness of Olaf from Frozen.
good job on this one thanks  my grandson is very much in to his buckle toy buster. good job on this one thanks !
Adorable  A little smaller than anticipated but is exactly what I wanted and it is perfect for in my daughters first Easter Basket.
Cool Plush  Very good quality plush, my son loved it
Birthday gift for great-grandson, perfict.
Better late than never  Grandson loved it. Took too long to ship
Perfect as a "security blanket"  Such a soft and cuddly toy. Our baby just loves it, we love that its easy to clean. We have washed it with the laundry over 10 times already and it still feels new.
My nephew loved his minecraft plush animals. I will continue shopping with Amazon
A Perfect unisex 3-in-one Baby Shower gift  This cuddly, well made Croc innocently wears mismatched socks and holds the mates and more in his ... claws. He also has a gentle rattle inside. Of course the socks are really for baby. The whole thing is adorable, safe, excellently crafted. I love it... and so did everyone at the shower.
LOVE LOVE LOVE it!  I was initially given one as a gift for my son's first birthday. I have now gifted 2 more to friends. My son is almost 2 and still enjoys playing with this toy. This can keep him entertained for so long. LOVE LOVE LOVE it!
Adorable and super soft  This dog looks just like our real corgi.  My daughter who is 7 loves it.  And this stuffed animal is super soft too!
it's perfect: )  Got if for my girlfriend that just lost her 17 year-old Bichon...she cried.  The plush toy now wears Misha's collar....it's perfect :)
If you want to add it to your collection of pokemon  This plush pokemon is very cute.  It looks just like lilpup from the game.  I am not sure how well this item would hold up if you gave it to a child because it just sits on my shelf with my other pokemon plushes.  I do know that this plush is very soft.  It is also very heavy in the head and has trouble standing on its own.  Overrall this is a very well made plush and if your looking for a lilpup to add to your collection this is a good one.
to cute and everything we like about it
This stuffed animal was just as it was described on the website and it came in them estimated shipping time I have no complaints.
Nice Sasuke figure  Daughter loves this little guy
Beautiful toy!  This was a Christmas gift for an adorable little girl who specifically asked for a Unicorn for Christmas. She was super pleased and carried it around the rest of the day. It was a perfect size for her. The fur was soft and so pretty! It was also very well made.
The puppet is a great addition to the books and CDs  My son loves Pete! The puppet is a great addition to the books and CDs
My Pokmon loving 2nd grader loves it!!! Takes it everywhere.
Grandson love him for his birthday.
Item was as expected.
Perfect Woody.  My 2 year old grandson loves his Woody. I wanted one that he could carry around and sleep with and this one is perfect.
My granddaughters loved them as one of their Christmas gifts.
The seller was very easy to work with  My son loves it!  The first one we purchased was missing the talking mechanism. The seller was very easy to work with. We were able to return the one with the missing part with no problem. The seller provided a return shipping label paid. We purchased a new one from the same seller and it's great.  Good quality and the voice is Jim Parsons.
Great product!
Son loves it  Son loves it. Came just as they said it would.
worth the price great gift!  My son loves the toy. Worth the price, great gift!
Perfect and cute my daughter loves it!
giggling like you own the world  Elmo ! You are talking, teaching my kid how to sing ABC song, giggling like you own the world. Love you!!
Fun for the porch  Because I can.
Very durable and soft!  Toddler loves it!
GAVE THIS TO MY 2 YEAR OLD GRANDSON, BUT HE ALREADY NEW HOW TO BUCKLE.
So cute!
Great condition, picture perfect.  Received in great condition, looks exactly like the picture was not disappointed at all. Package arrived quite fast, I love it! Highly recommend especially if you love flygon, so soft and cute.
Interesting giant microbe.
A perfect Easter toy for our grandbaby!
Perfect  I didn't pay attention to the size when I ordered ad was disappointed initially but Rocket is absolutely perfect for my little boy! He sleeps with him nightly.
Helps me sleep  I love this lil guy. Nice to snuggle with and still possess a man card because its a chestburster. Not the best pillow, but it can substitute one.
Any Child Would Love This  Well-made, really cute, great size for a toddler.
Its awesome
She loved and wouldn't put it down for days  So cute and just right for my 7 year old granddaughter for her birthday! She loved and wouldn't put it down for days! It was as described but I would have loved to have bottom feet that attached together also. Velcro on the hands held together good despite the long fur of the sloth itself. The sloth's face is so cute and gives it such personality.
FUN!  At first, I thought the price was a bit steep, then we received them and it was a good size. Our kids are more attached to these than any of their other stuffed animals. They are just right for kids hands and cuddling. I love these so much that I got one too.  :)- Absolutley positively worth the buy and so fun and snuggly. We plan to get more!
the cake is a lie  yeah i said it but i love portal and i love this plush i cant wait to make my cake and be like its not a lie
As a huge fan of the series I love this plush  As a huge fan of the series I love this plush.  It sits proudly on my couch as I type this review.  Arrived faster than I expected to!
Was big success with the whole class
son loves it
These are exactly as pictured and my son loved them! Great product!
Monsters University - My Scare Pal Plush - Mike  Kids loved it. great price
Super Adorable.  Pretty large but soft and a great keychain. Well made.  It was a big hit.
Great battery for my Olympus e-620!  I bought this battery as a backup for the one that came with my Olympus e-620. It fits perfectly and works great. There are other BLS-1 batteries out there. I purchased this on the basis of the good reviews, but also based on my good experience with the Zeikos filters I purchased to protect my Olympus lenses.  [[ASIN:B001LMSDNW Zeikos ZE-UV58 58mm Multi-Coated UV Filter]
nice product  fast delivery, nice product
Great product, my boys love it  Great product , my boys love it :)
My grandson was very pleased with Boo.  Came on time and looks just like the picture.
You Bent My Wukie  As expected!
great product!  it's kinds small but I don't really mind small plushies. the ears don't stand up straight either but I don't mind. Overall a great buy!
Soft & Huggable Toy  Have to my grandson who is almost two. Right away, he grabbed this and was off to play! Later, he still loves, takes with him from room to room etc. we did together check out all the cool buckles or fasteners. I recommend this as it's very soft & cuddly, actually this is a quite huggable & learning toy in one!
cool
Buckle Toy  My 17 month old grandaughter fascinated by her highchair buckle so thought she might like this toy. Loves it, has mastered all the buckles, was suppose to stay at grandma's but daughter wants to keep at her house cause plays with all the time!! Thankyou
Beautiful eyes, my child's constant companion.
GREAT  L looks like the picture and it's adorable and my girlfriend loved it !
It really sounds like Barney.  My son loves this toy. He hugs the toy and it sings for him. It looks a lot like barney.
Fantastic Mickey Plush for the price!  Received my order today, and was pleasantly surprised. Some of the older reviews stated that item was cheaply made and not an authentic Disney store product, but mine was in beautiful condition and arrived with the seal on the foot. I was also quite pleased with size of plush. I would definitely recommend and would purchase from this seller again.
My daughter loves this  My daughter loves olaf and this toy. I use the controls and she carries him around. She is so excited when he moves his head. Great toy for little kids.
They each loved it. My daughter sleeps with her every night  Bought one for my daughter and one for her friend for their birthday's.  They each loved it.  My daughter sleeps with her every night.
exactly as expected
Very cute and the child it was for love it.
Love it....  I got this for my daughter for her 1st Christmas last year and she loved it! I did have some problems setting it up on 2 different computers and (finally!) the third time was the charm. Elmo speaks her name very clearly (Alyssa) along with 2 of her uncles' names that she was having trouble learning. Not only did it make her happy, it made them ecstatic to hear her saying their names after only playing with Elmo for a few days. My Elmo wasn't broken and we haven't had any problems even 2 months later. Alyssa doesn't play with him as much, but whenever we put one of her Elmo dvds in, she needs Elmo by her side.
It is adorable. Very soft and my granddaughter (1 1/2) loved it
My daughter LOVES IT!!
Grandson loved these official Kirby Dolls  Grandson loved these official Kirby Dolls.  Bought 4 of them and he was delighted.  Quality and good.  Arrived when expected.
Good for the price  Bought this a year ago but I'm finally going to make a review on it.  This is a nice quality plush wallet, it feels nice and plump even when its empty, the clasp is easy to open but isn't going to just randomly do so. The only real complaint i have on it is the fact that they didn't properly sew it at the ends on the clasp(you can kinda see it in picture #3) But its not large enough for any coins to fall out so I don't have any complaints. Looks great and works wonderfully.
I love this toy!!!  I love this toy!! My daughter loves it too since she is 19 months and loves buckling and unbuckling things. We call it Baby Beluga ( after the song!) :)
one of the best fnaf merch out  one of the best fnaf merch out there
Looks great. My daughter will give it a test run when she opens it up for Christmas.
As described
Cute kitty  Very cute hello kitty animal, bought this for Easter and 3 year old loved it. Nice gift for anyone who likes or collects hello kitty.
I love throwing this to people and tell them they caught a cold.
Popular toy  Granddaughters love Monster .  The dolls are well made, colorful and soft and were perfect for the puppet show they starred in!
Good products.
Well done and really good quality!  I highly recommend it!
great  We purchased 3 of these to always have a clean one as it is our daughter's favorite bedtime companion. They Yves worked wonders.
My grand daughter will love him.
Everybody loves Elmo.  My toddler loves Elmo, and this Elmo is just the perfect softness and cuteness for her! His arms and legs are little too long and they kind of flail around when my daughter plays with him, but overall this is a great stuffed toy.  I think the size of this Elmo is also perfect.
Super cute. My daughter loves this stuffed animal!
Better than I thought and a few dollars cheaper than at the Disney Store
they loved it!  Was a gift, they loved it!
Soooo cute!  His expression is precious. The signature bandolier is secured in four points around the body, so it won't slip off. The fur is unbelievably soft (and I think he's the only 'bird' that *has* fur!)
nice  nice
Happy Time  Bought this for my daughter who is legally blind. She loves it because it is easy to see and use. Uses it every day. Price is right. If you go to the specialized web sites for the handicapped you will pay a lot more for a product that is not as good.
Fantastic  Very well made. The details are great, quality is really good, and it is really cute. Love it, getting them all
happy  very nice not cheap...very happy..came vey fast. my husband loves it
Perfect for LOL Cosplay  Absolutely love it, thank you!
Love love love  My just over 3 year old son immediately fell in love with Mr. Toothless, and has been zooming with the large wings.  We do not expect to sleep with Toothless, so the large wings with the wire makes the plush all that more realistic.  I am thinking about buying another one, as well as Nightmare!
My Grandchild loved it.  Very cute.  My Grandchild loved it.
Great Set, but the picture is not to scale  Great Set, but the picture is not to scale.  For example, the corn pult is bigger than the other items.  Overall a GREAT set for ALL PVZ fans!
Po-ta-to!!!!  I can't believe how fast the shipping was! Thank you! Item was perfect in every way, and my son is going to love this crazy potato thing!
I am legit obsessed with otters!  Oh my gosh I am so in love! I used to be an 'otter spotter' when I was a kid when we would go to the river or lake. I always wanted one as a pet. When I was pregnant I would cry when watching youtube videos of otters. Hahaha. Anywayyyys....  I got this for my 5 year old daughter and she cannot stop 'surprising' me with it under a blanket just to hear me squeal from the cuteness of it!!  It's a life size baby otter! I just can't get over how cute!!!!
So darn cute!  Oh my goodness this is my first yo-kai watch item and he's so cute and fluffy! He's perfect to cuddle up with and came early in the mail too.
You need these slippers!  These slippers are so darn comfortable and fun! I love them! I wear a size 8.5 women's (USA), and they fit perfectly, with plenty of room to stretch if my foot were bigger. Honestly, my husband could probably wear these, and he wears a 13. When you walk in them, you have to lift up your feet quite a bit (imagine walking in flippers) which is awesome, because that's exactly how Godzilla walks! I bought a mask too, and with both of these together, they're pretty awesome! I AM GODZILLA!! See picture I added.
Beautiful, Just Stunning  When I found out that my middle daughter was having a son, I went on a search for a blue lamb.  She's always been a fan of lambs and I wanted them to share that love.  When I got this lamb, it completely exceeded my expectations.
Most beautiful Deer in my collection  I treat my self to a deer stuffed animal every year before Christmas.  I have many but this one has a uniqueness that tugged at my heart as soon as I saw her.  Even my husband thought she was adorable.  I chose the small one and I'm so glad.  The quality that went into her is amazing.  Every detail has been seen to with extreme care and their are so many.  Her eyes are lovely and extreamly detailed.  The spots are stitched set in perfectly.  Even the hoofs are made with a different fur. And she is 2 colors.  I am going to look for more Items made by  Lassig.  Don't hesitate to buy this dear deer.  You won't be disappointed.
Very nice!  This is beautiful! Well made, great colors. Loved it!!!
Perfect  These napkins were just great. Bought them for a coworker at work. Strong enough to handle a cupcake
GREAT!  SO AWESOME!!!! I really enjoy this kinda stuff. More people need to know about Professor Layton. We need more games like this!
Darling
the day after a trip to disney we snuck these into bed with our sleeping girls...they woke up thrilled
She loved her Pelican!
GREAT!!!  My 2 y.o. son LOVES it!
Well made....no sound :-(  Well made....One of my son's favorite game / plush...Too bad they didn't make these with sound like the previous original version.
Great quality  Was so glad I chose him, he was very nicely made and a big hit!!  Shipping took awhile but no longer than they stated, and he was worth the wait.  Very cute.
Harry the Bunny!!! My youngest daughter loves this character. Seeing him as a firefighter just adds to her enjoyment. Glad I bought the police officer one as well!!!
Dino  Got this for my baby boy since he loved his wubbanubs that were dinos also. Love the color blue that it is, and its also nice and soft. We've had it for about 4 months and it has held up. Baby boy loves to chew on the legs. Its nice and soft. Its also held up even though the dog tries to claim it and will run off with it. Overall baby loves it so mammas happy. :)
Awesome!
Top quality  High quality items with excellent holding power.  EXTREMELY USEFUL.  These are the perfect size for 3/4" materials and thicker.  5/16" Pilot hole gives an easy start install that really grabs the wood.  Top it all off with an excellent price for such a quantity.  I will buy these again when the ones I have are all gone.
Tracker  Daughter loves!!!
smaller then what I expected but over all Plush is holding up well even after washes
Super cute and a good size. Great buy for the price! My daughter loves it!
cute and fun  rely fun to play whith i got for my brithday and i love it
Cute  The toy is just as describe by seller, very good material, my son's favorite personage he plays an take turns to sleep with his stuff toy  very nice item
Wife loved it  Wife loved it
The colors are the same as the new cyndaquils and it had the tags attached. Very soft!
Adorable
gift for special little man  my grandsons favorite! made him ever so happy.
100
Very pleased  I purchased this for my granddaughter's first birthday, and am very pleased with it. Most of all she loves it.
not good.  I made him into french fries and then realized he was a wall nut.... not good.
Very cute and also good quality. Absolutely loved it.
Perfect for high energy kids  My son is 8 and both Pokemon and stuffed animal obsessed - he totally freaked out when he received this for his birthday and now carries it with him everywhere. It's ridiculously durable for a stuffed animal (shockingly so in fact) and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a stuffed animals for kids who are highly active and involve their 'stuffies' in everything.
I loved it. haha i mean my son did  I loved it.haha i mean my son did .we were just tripping out ..was actually better than i expected. .i would recommend  to anyone who is interested to buy this elmo hugs.
I got this for my grandson for his first Christmas
We love Pac-Man......and Qbert.  My 7 year old loves everything I grew up with and had to have Pac-man and the Ghosts. Qbert was an extra surprise for him. All though it took awhile to arrive, which is understandable as they shipped from China, they were well packaged. The pushes were much larger than I expected and have a short string with a suction cup attached. This has given him endless joy as we can hang them anywhere.
It does like to eat batteries  This is my son's bedtime lovey. Puppy has to be with him or he can't sleep. It does like to eat batteries, but I bought rechargeable ones and they seem to last longer! So definitely recommend that for these.
Awesome Eevee! Fantastic an wonderfully made I love him!
Great quality.  So soft and cuddly.  Great quality.
Adorable!!
Super cute!  It was a gift for my sister and she absolutely loves it! She sleeps with it every night because it's just really soft and hugable!
Bought this for our granddaughter and she loves it.
Great Price and a simply toy  My son loves this Elmo. Great Price and a simply toy.
Perfect!
Awesome!  I didn't order this toy online so I can't really say anything about the shipping and handling of the product but I found it in a Toys R Us store and I had to have it; there are a ton of pikachus on the market but they're all small and cheaply made. I was so amazed when I found this pikachu! HE'S HUGE! Well, at least compared to a beanie baby sized pikachu or the older styles. He looks just like the picture and he's super soft; his ears are a little of a harder stuffing but that's just to make sure that they stand upright and don't flop over like some do. His tail is connected to his back so it doesn't flop around either. He's so realistic to the real character and he's such a happy face to see! I recommend this to any pokemon lover, pikachu lover, or really anyone that loves a good-happy plush toy!
My son really liked ito
My son loves it! !!
Highly recommended!  Great product and fast shipping! Arrived almost a week before the ship-by date. Toy is good quality and PERFECT for my toddler who is obsessed with buckles and clips right now. We hang it on the diaper bag when we go out and it's a lifesaver!
Had one when I was a child 80s baby  This was my favorite toy as a child (80s) and knew it was a must have for my sun. Plays music to sing the baby to sleep and the light provides a good distraction when he gets fussy.
Kawaii  Super cute but small. Not sure if I didn't read somewhere as to how small this was going to be but it was smaller than I expected. It's about 5 or 6 inches tall but still super cute and soft!
it's cute and soft.
Great Flutter Plush!  I love it! She looks exactly like the picture and has exact design from the show.   
exellent
This Penguin convinced My 4 Year Old Nephew that he has a Real Penguin! Perfect!! Well Made! Huggable!  Got this for my 4 year old nephew for Christmas, who only asked Santa for one thing - a Penguin. Love at first sight, he has him sleeping in bed with him and keeps hugging him. Now I don't know about you, but convincing a 4 year old that he has a "real" penguin in this day in age, isn't easy. Beautifully made, the wings are movable and easy for a kid to HUG - and feel hugged back. I'd give this 10 stars if I could! Great Job Hansa!
This puppycat is great. He is a little nosey but otherwise, perfect.
Adorable, well built and surprisingly very durable  Adorable, well built and surprisingly very durable. I thought that just like most plush toys, this Gravios plushie would be rather squishy but I was surprised to see that it was the complete opposite, being rigid and sturdy. Works great as a sort of desk ornament.
Not a problem  This vulpix plushie is cute really soft and I haven't found a problem with it so thankyou for the vulpix plushie and I hope this review helps :D
My grandson loves it!
As expected
i love it, it is so cool the hair is so soft you could hug and sleep with it. awesome toy
It's better to have one at hand  So good to have at hand. Easy to use, strong grip and gets where others didn't get due to its flexibility.
Took a long time to arrive but I love it!!!
My Daschund loves Pluto .
Perfect toy for my two year old who loves all things buckles. Keeps her entertained for just about as long as any toddler can be entertained by one thing. Love that each set is a different color as it helps her practice saying those as she matches the colors together. She can't unbuckle them by herself yet, so she usually brings it back to me to undo them all so she can start over when she's done. A decent size but still small and soft enough  to easily throw in the diaper  bag. You get pretty much exactly what you'd expect with this- a cute and simple toy. Pleased!
Love this giraffe!  Super cute and exactly what we expected! Great gift for kids that love animals!
It's much smaller than pictured.  My son got this for Christmas. It was a lot smaller than expected, but he is 3 so it was fine for him to be able to put around his waist and wear it like a belt. It is decent quality. But my son loves the movie The Croods so he was excited to get this and play with it and that is what matters.
Looked just as pictured and arrived when promised.
Decent Price - Good Performer  Bought this battery instead of the cheapest one because of some complaints I read about proper sizing of the cheap battery. This one is still way below an Olympus branded product or a knock off at your favorite electonics store. I have used it heavily on a recent vacation in rotation with the battery that came with my EPL-1 and it works great.
Excellent Product  Excellent product. Very good quality manufacting. Very good materials. I recommend the product.
Chocobo  It's a stuffed chocobo.  What more do I need to say?  Here are the nine more words that are required.
Soft and durable, exactly like it looks.  My son, who inexplicably likes Jar Jar, loves this.  Soft and durable.
My infant son loves this thing. Always helps him to sleep.
Cute and not too big perfect size  Cute and soft! It's medium size and it's puffy. It's not too big it's the perfect size
Hippopotamus for Christmas  My daughter wanted a hippopotamus for Christmas and she was VERY happy with this one. Pizzazz twinkle toes for the win.
Perfect.
Pretty durable too  Look exactly as described and arrived quickly. Pretty durable too.
Very soft
d,mac  good to go grand son loves it quick ship just as advertized  would buy the next hot item here  very good
very entertaining  My 21 month old daughter absolutely loves the buckles.  She will sit there and buckle them as many times as I will unbuckle them for her
Cute and fluffy  This little guy is so cute. My girlfriend is studying geology and she needed a little pick me up and this guy worked well! He is soft and adorable, perfect for anyone.
packaging  Nice but I ordered the normal packaging and got the frustration free packaging in a brown box ..
Even cuter than the picture!
He's a Blue Ribbon Bunny!  My three year old daughter loves Sofia the First. Clover has always been one of her favorite characters. I bought this for her third birthday and she carries it around the house daily. She also likes to sleep with it.  I believe it states to spot clean but I have placed it in my front load washer twice and let it air dry and it has turned out fine. It dried very well.  If your child loves Sofia, I would recommend this toy. I also bought her a Sofia doll at the same time, she never picks it up. Clover on the other hand, he is a big hit with her.
love it
Worth it  I loved it but only worth the money if you really like Crash Bandicoot
Was a gift for my 3 years old granddaughter.  She lo loves Woody
she loves it but it changed from a sweet girl to a goofy guy  I bought purple wave for my grandaughter's 8th birthday. she loves it but it changed from a sweet girl to a goofy guy. how does she turn in back to a sweet girl? we tried petting it and tickling it but it's still a guy!
X-mas present.  Bought this for my nephew.  Feels like good quality.  He loves it.
Has a habit of falling over- yay physics!  But once you get him to stand/sit up straight, he pretty much stays that way. He's got more of a tilt to him in real life, but I say that adds personality.
Exactly what we were looking for.
great product.  Fast service, great product.
Good Quality Moogle  Got this to display on my desk love FF14 and wanted a moogle to decorate my office.
You won't find a better device for the money.  This is a solid product.  I have used mine for 16 years in a home shop environment.  It's never failed me.  Recently I detected a leak of air through the unit when the valve was closed.  I replaced the valve assembly and the valve seat and solved that problem.  About a year ago the pad became soft from age and I replaced that.  Make certain you give the unit a couple drops of turbine oil before each use.  If you don't have a vacuum hose hooked up to the discharge tube, over time the exhaust port will become clogged.  When sufficiently clogged it will reduce the air flow and slow the sanding speed. You will have to remove the air/valve inlet assembly to remove the clamp holding the discharge tube in the unit.  Clean the port and remember to clean out the hole at the bottom of the port socket.
KAWAII!!!  Beyond adorable! I love this. Its a little big to use as a keychain only because I don't like huge keychains. But it was on my phone for about a month, didn't snap, and isn't dirty...even though I throw my phone everywhere and drop it a bunch. Its held up through all I put it through so I can imagine it would hold up through a tornado. Very well sewn.
Came as described and on time
my grand kids love it.  Very cute, the sound is very authentic, my grand kids love it.
I love it
batman plush doll  Toy was purchased for a 4 year old and he loves playing with it,  very soft and durable, perfect size for small children.
Awesome!  Reviewed by my 10 year old Pokemon enthusiast: "This came in the mail a few days ago. It took forever but thats cuz i live in Korea. Glaceon had a few loose strings and has a bit of pink on her dangly thingies but other than that she's perfect. Despite being an ice type this little guy warms my heart; She is very soft and cudly and goes with me everywhere. She is a little top heavy but with patience she will stand up. I'm a big Glaceon/Eevee fan and if you are to i definitely recommend this product."
Fun toy for grown up cowgirls
My boys loved their pikachu  My boys loved their pikachu! They are super soft, and small enough for toddlers to hold. Item looks just like pictured! Happy with my purchase!!
exactly what I wanted  I was looking for small plates with this design but didn't want to buy a whole place setting (which is what the dept stores had.)  These were exactly what I wanted for serving Christmas cookies/dessert to guests with the matching mugs.  Arrived promptly.
Awesome  My gf loved it
well made toy
Top-notch Quality,Soft, and a Hit with the Kids  I ordered this along with the Foxy one as a Christmas present for my kids. This is the officially licensed product and was a bit on the pricey side, but I have to admit that they are really high quality. I was actually pleasantly surprised, because most kids plushies are not made to be long lasting. They have a very soft velvet like covering. They are a bit on the smaller side but I think my kids appreciate that because they can take them anywhere and they sleep with them every night.
To wand or not to wand?  I love Hello Kitty.  And have more than a few of the Ty Beanie Baby ones.  The angel is one of my favorites, although I cannot help but wish her whole dress was made out of the fuzzy trim material.  Also, the wand is so shiny, I kinda want to cut it out of her hand, but have not fully decided.
Cute
Adorable!  My 17 month old daughter love this
Just as I expected.
Cool  My son loves this beyond words. He's trying to collect all the Mario Bros. plush dolls - and this one is not easy to find. He loves it.
Was a great gift.
Amy lee  Amy lee! My girl loves her you tube channel and was really excited to get this.
Sweet & Lovable  Adorable.  The kids loved it, I had dragons at the candy table on Halloween.  (I'm really late putting in the review.)  He is now sitting atop the entertainment center.  :-)
adorable
Love it  I love Gaara and this plushie is so cute of him.  I especially love the glare he has . . .
Best toy ever  This toy is awesome. It has saved me from so many tantrums in the car. Got it for my 15 month old and she loved it. Couldn't really put any buckles together, but it entertained her. Now she is 18 months and she gets all the buckles! Now we are working with her to match the colors. Even my 4 year old nephew found it entertaining. It's my daughter's favorite toy
To to ro, to to ro~  I got it for my niece. She really loves tororo and really loved this toy. It was sewn very well and had no rips. It looks just like the picture
Thank you .
Seems to be a good quality.  I bought it for my daughter for Christmas, so hopefully she likes it.  It is a good sized toy and the size in the picture is an accurate indication of how big it really is. Wish other products did the same thing to show the "true" size.  We ordered another pokemon animal on amazon and it was not as big as they described it to be.
He's adorable!  I absolutely adore my Chibiterasu plushie! He's so soft and warm and he was extremely well made. I was hesitant at first with wanting to buy him cause I wasn't sure if I was going to like him. But when he came in the mail I was so excited, I felt like a little kid again. Needless to say I cuddle with him every night, he's just too cute! :)
Great for youtube  Great plush it helped my YouTube channel blow up.
Should have bought 2  I love it.  I should have bought 2 because my 4 year old little girl jacked it from me!
Adorable  This Pikachu is a nice size, has a very "cute" face.  Based on pictures of pikachu in the pokemon graphic novels, this guy is pretty much "life size."
Redefining What It Means To Be A "Monster"  Sulley was a birthday present for my granddaughter.  She sleeps with him every night.  What more needs to be written?
Very cute and soft. Daughter loves it!
My daughter loves Tinkerbell but all she had were hard plastic Barbie-type dolls. I wanted something she could squeeze and have in bed with her at night. This is perfect. It's very soft and she loves to hug Tinkerbell.
Makes Kids Happy  My 5-year-old daughter had been begging me for these Inside Out plush toys. When the movie first came out, I had bought her Bing Bong from Target. Since the movie is a couple of years old now, I haven't been able to find these locally, so thank goodness for Amazon! I surprised her with this yesterday along with the Joy plush made by the same company, and she is SOOOO happy with both of them! They're well made, and I really like the fabric of the sweater on the Sadness doll and the material of the dress on the Joy doll. Now that I gave these to her, she's already asking me for Fear, Anger, and Disgust. I should've just bought the whole collection from the start. Oh well. Hey, if my child is happy, that's all that really matters.
on time and very good quality
Mother and child elephants arrived in perfect condition, contrary to other reviewer  Mother and child elephants arrived in perfect condition, contrary to other reviewer. They are super soft, not overstuffed and stiff. Love it!
Perfect for what I wanted.  It is very cute and my grand daughter loved it. It was a little smaller than I thought but was better for her to put it in her back pack for school. She loves foxes!
Completely satisfied  Item was exactly as described. It arrived on time and it was packaged very well.
my son loves Pugs so this was perfect. Looks  Very cute realistic looking Pug, my son loves Pugs so this was perfect. Looks real
Good quality.
The item was is excellent shape. It was excellent.
My sons love this! It's great!!
soft cuddly friend for a kiddo  cute as always!
Great Plushie  It is soft, It is pretty. It is funny. And most important of all: It is Kirby and I love it
My niece loved it!  Adores!
My Grand daughter who is 21 months old loved her dolls I purchase via AMAZON  My Grand daughter who is 21 months old loved her dolls I purchase via AMAZON.  These dolls are awesome.  No store can beat the price.
Love Buckle Toys!  We already own Blu the whale but my twins kept fighting over it so we decided we needed to add another Buckle toy to our family.  My girls love Bentley just as much as Blu.  At nearly two, they can put the buckles together easily and are just starting to be able to unbuckle them without help.  I don't know what it is about buckles but these toys are addicting to toddlers!
Adorable  Small Chewy who makes the Chewbacca sound. Love Love Love this product. I read other reviews that mentioned it didn't come in its original box but mine did come in the box pictured.
:)
Perfect Present  Bought this as a present for my little brother. The plush was wonderful quality, felt nice and sturdy and looked just as Pikachu should.  If you have Pokemon fans in the family I highly recommend this item.
Great
My minecraft girl loves this.
The perfect b-day gift for my Pooh-loving 2-year-old  My daughter is in love. Soft, huggable and well made. He is weighted with beans in his bottom so he sits up, but he is not at all heavy.
:)
Great buy!
Exactly what my daughter wanted
Awsome!  Awsome gift. Item came in time for Christmas as described and even lights up. My son loved it!
This was a very soft and cute plush. The item looks exactly as the photo on the site.
As Described.  Thanks!  A+++
Great toys  These koopalings are great quality. It would have been way more expensive to purchase all 7 individually. My son loves his new toys! Great purchase
... the size I was looking for but that was good.  it's not the size I was looking for but that was good.
Nice  My son really wanted this for Christmas. The quality very very good. It's a nice size also
Very cute and soft doll! I will be giving this to my granddaughter who will be turning 3.
Ddddd Dorrra!  My 2 year old daughter absolutely ADORES this toy! and I love it too! She got Swiper, Dora and Boots and she doesn't go anywhere without them. She sleeps with them, eats with them, plays with them.. Takes them for all car rides and all playdates and even to the Gym... Looks like each kid sees them, wants them badly! Buy them all!!!
Nice toy.  Nice, well constructed and wee thought out toy.  As advertised.
Fantastic!  I got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it,  it was amazing quality for the price if I could click 10 starts I would,  it was amazing good job Nat and Jules
im just gonna say that i like it
Wonderful gift  I know its an old character but my twin nieces love it
Beautiful doll.  This doll is made very well and the colors are bright.  I haven't given it to my granddaughter yet but I know she'll love it.
Who doesn't love Elmo?  Soft and cuddly. My grandson couldn't wait to get at it as it was hanging out of my bag!
Very Cute and Soft!  It's a quality toy and accurately details umbreon. It's fur is gray not black but the eyes, and rings on the forehead and legs are embroidered nicely. The rings on the tail and ears are the same fabric as the rest (only yellow instead of gray). The front legs are attatch to the body could be cut if you don't like that. The tail has a thick base and is attached in two places (they are directly above each other; it's not lop-sided or anything, and in between them there is a little space but nothing that could lead to stuffing falling out or anything like that. ) The tail is heavy and the front legs are slightly short so it can't stand unless something supports it's tail. It's a little stiff but that just means it's not floppy. It does have a smile and the fur is all going the same direction (down). With everyone saying it was about three inches i was expecting something like those throw pokeball plush. It is a lot larger than that and would not fit in one of those pokeballs. It is more around 7 inches counting the ears. It's not perfect but I think it's very cute and a good size. Came with tag and a yellow pokemon center bag.
Excelent
PAC MAN CHECK!  Nice product.  Clean and shipped in a timely manner.  Grandkids love them!
Awesome  my daughter and I were so excited when we received it. Great product to any Star Wars fan.
cute toy  my 6 year old daughter sleeps with this every night. she loves that the wings are bendable and they haven't broken yet! i took the suggestion of another review and sewed the mouth shut to make it look more cute versus scary. she has had it for almost a year now and it still looks like new.
Granddaughter loved it!!  It's exactly the size we wanted.
Great deal on the dragon plush my kids are going to love this.  Perfect
feels good  I'm 67 and have developed acne but I need a moisturizer, This was wonderful. It feels so cool and refreshing and does seem to help the acne.
Cute plushie but was smaller than exspected but still cute.
nice toy.  Bought it for the daughter and she loved it. and it wasn't too expensive. what else needs to be said?
great for babies.  I bought it for my little girl but I think she was a little to old for it. it is very cute though.
Wonderful toy! Would buy again!  This wonderful attractive Cookie Monster can be loved by young children, and adults too!  Very charming. Great size if you want your boy or girl to have the feel of a doll.  Lots of fun to count cookies along with him.
It's charmander
What you read is what you get  Exactly what the description said. Great value.
Great looking Elmo!  Great looking Elmo. Received ghe original ond from Gund, not the fake one. Really fluffy and cute. My two year old will get it for Christmas. He always wants the Elmo's at the stores. I'm excited to see his face when Santa gives it to him.
LOVED IT!!  This cute little plush toy was a Christmas gift to a Angry Birds Star Wars lover who was absolutely fascinated that it made action sounds! This gift was greatly priced and came quickly.
His name is Peppers  I bought this for myself because I was in a desperate need for a narwhal. And I do not regret buying him :) His name is Peppers and he sleeps with me every night and he is the perfect size and texture and squishiness. Although it doesnt really look like the photo he is still very cute !
Perfect for my granddaughter  She is really cute.  Perfect for my granddaughter
I ordered this for my granddaughter.  She loves Llama, Llama.
Great for nursery decor  Got these to hang in our baby's mermaid/under the sea nursery. Very pretty- love the sparkle!
gift
So adorable, I want one!  I got this as a gift for my roommate since it was her birthday. We both have a not-so-secret obsession with Shibas so I thought this would be perfect for her. I was not mistaken; she loves it! She has yet to comment on if it really cleans her screens well, but from what I've seen, it looks like it does a good job. This plush is so tiny, cute, and soft, I might ask for one for my birthday!
So adorable!  This toy is adorable! I bought it for a little girl who my co-workers and I bought for this year. We pulled her tag from a giving tree and she had Frozen items listed. I knew I had to buy her this as soon as I saw it. It's a pretty nice size Olaf and I think he is going to get lots of play time with our special little girl.
Awesome.....very good body details
r  nothing but picture to  review  .waat can one say
Elmo, you're the best!  Bought 2 so our grandson will never lose his little furry buddy.
... for a little while" but then "it just smells amazing. "  My daughter says "it stinks for a little while" but then "it just smells amazing."
He's pretty big for a 10 yr  Our 10 yr. old grandson absolutely loves this! He's pretty big for a 10 yr. old and it stands up to the torture he puts it through! Races up and down our long hallway in the house with his brothers on theirs made for some real belly laughs and lots of vacation fun over the holiday. Very happy and satisfied with the value and durability of this product and would recommend it highly. :)
So cute
Great toy!  Our granddaughter loves this toy.  She has always had a thing for buckles so when I saw this toy I had to get it.  It has met all of our expectations.  I actually ordered a second one after receiving the first.  We do daycare for our granddaughter so now she has a "Bizzy" for our house and one for home. "Bizzy" is soft, has bright colors a cute face on one side and little velcro flaps on the other side with animals under the flaps...and lots of buckles. Great toy!
got it
My daughter loves the Pichu.
Exactly what I was looking for!
Fun toy  My sons love this toy!
My son loved it
My grand daughter loved it. It's nose is perfect for biting  My grand daughter loved it. It's nose is perfect for biting
Gift  Cute toy. Gave it as a gift to my grandson.
Great smell and good moisturizing effect.  Like the other reviewer mentioned , it has a lovely earthy smell. I have medium length black curly hair and this product keeps it well moisturized for nearly 2- 3 days. Love the fact that it has no toxic chemicals.
Great
Toy is GREAT - shipping AWFUL  Stick with me...Ordered 12/10/2013 - received 01/31/2014. This was originally going to be a Christmas present, then a birthday present - but both were missed because of the excessive transit time.  I wasn't initially aware that the toy was shipping from China.  The track you package was updated once I complained about not receiving by the final proposed delivery date of 1/28. I gave the 5 stars because once we received and my daughter opened the package, she was jumping for joy and so very happy. That is why I purchased this product in the first place.  So you'll be happy with the product if you don't mind the extensive shipping time.
My daughter likes it a lot
My daughter loves it.  My 2 year old daughter loves it, so we're happy with it.
Super cute! My daughter loved it!
Awesome!!
Lucky Leprechaun was Terrific!  Lucky Leprechaun was part of a little surprise story/adventure I set up for my six year old daughter on St. Patrick's Day.  It also involved a fairy queen and a pirate's treasure chest full of stolen leprechaun gold.  Anyway, she loves Lucky and sometimes sleeps with him.  All in all, a good purchase!
My 2 yr old nephew loved it!
Cute plush  As described this is a small plush.  It's very nice for a younger child who likes to carry their stuffed animals around and take with them out of the home too.  Very cute.
Adorable Set!  This box set is adorable! I love that Alice's dress has a fuzzy feel to it.  I am so glad I bought this since you can't buy Dinah anywhere else and Alice is the perfect size.
Was worth the late arrival.
very plesed  I like the quality of the item. The only problem was the delivery took too long.
Bizzy is the Boss  This arrived yesterday.  After opening it for my 17 month old, I used the bathroom.  And washed my hands.  By myself.  Then I got dinner ready.  She played with it the entire time and loved it. If that doesn't sell you on this toy, I don't know what will. Some of the buckles are too difficult for this age/stage of fine motor development, and little ones will need some help to undo the buckles so they are ready to go for another round, but I see that as a good thing because it challenges them and means they won't get bored with it as quickly as if they could master each part right away. Bizzy also has some cute flaps on one side with numbers on the flap and animals underneath. It's very soft and colorful.  Overall a great buy so far.
All is good with this order.  Very cute puppy dog.
I LOVE IT. (I am 26 yo...)
My wife loved this plush  My wife loved this plush! It was part of her Christmas gift as a replacement to a childhood stuffed rabbit that was accidentally thrown out.
great for my one year old niece  This is so cute and soft, great for my one year old niece! It's very squishy and huggable, and much bigger than I expected. I ordered other princess characters for my daughters and they love them. Definitely recommend!
he's gonna love it!  This is a gift for my nephew, he's gonna love it!
Very cute  The item arrived on time and was protected by airbags in the box. Even cuter than I thought.
Great salt.  Running it for a year and the corals love it.
Very cute plush  I love him!! The plush doll is very cute and so soft. The one that came in looks exactly like the picture so I really have no complaints. And, he's even more stunning in person.
Perry  My son loves perry the platypus. It's been 10 months and it still works. My son sleeps with this toy every night
recieved item on time and my little one loves her Olaf. She sleeps with him every night
but still pretty damn perfect  Not quite as pictured, but still pretty damn perfect. The eyes are much closer together, the stars are orange rather than yellow, and it has a bit of a pencil nose.  However, stitching is decent quality, the tail is a nice corduroy, and the fabric is quite soft. If it is for a very zealous little one you may need to reinforce the stitching on the tail and legs a little, though. Especially if  you are expecting the legs to be jointed in some way- they are not. They are just sewn on to look like it. Overall worth the price and is almost exactly as pictured!
Excellent communication
My grandson loved it. A+++++
we love mynus!!!!!!  ready for a touching story? when my son was 12 months old, we got him a mynus doll at PDX on our way to a cousin's wedding. he reached for it in the gift shop and got snot on it so we paid like 18 bucks for it. luckily, he loved it and played with it a lot.  fast forward 8 months, we took mynus with us to france on a family vacation because my guy had to have him in his crib every night. welllllll, somewhere between amsterdam and portland we lost mynus on the way back and no calls to delta or PDX could get him back to my guy, who was devastated. this mama was SO SAD for her buddy.... until, six months later, mynus showed up on my "recommended for you" portion on amazon, and he was $2. TWO DOLLARS. i bought him instantly and when he arrived in the mail, my son was so happy he could barely even handle it. my guy is now four and still needs his mynus in his bed with him every night.
Fabulous deal  I was thrilled when I found this doll for my granddaughter she has this thing for villains. The size was impressive and I couldn't beat the price.
and great for any pokemon fan  Cute, soft, and great for any pokemon fan.
Excellent price for quality items! Delivery was on time, & my child loves them!
Love these dolls. Kids do too. They hug them all the time
Great for a 2 year old little girl
Niece loves it  Great quality puppy that my niece loves! Nat and Jules is a fantastic company.
Fluffy friend  Cutest little fluffy bunny ever! Soft & huggable, Grand daughter will love. The tiny stitched on nose & pale pink cheeks just add to the charm! Love this bunny by the bay!
So cute!  This is the cutest little thing!  It's a gift for my new nephew to be and will just be adorable in his new room!  It's small and perfect for little hands!
Minion!  OK - what's not to love here? If you've got to have one, I say you might as well GO BIG!
Mini Whisk  Really great product. Works just as well as a regular size whisk, but much easier to handle. Will definitely get another one.
Great  Just what I wanted. Daughter is going to love this when I give it to her for a surprise on our trip to disney.
My Daughter loves it.
I bought this as a gift for my 2 year old niece. She absolutely loves it & carries it with her everywhere.
plush soft and what my grandson will enjoy!  Just as expected, plush soft and what my grandson will enjoy!
Perfect!
Excellent  I bought it for someone who loves otters. The look on their face was priceless!! Excellent quality
... this for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it so much  I got this for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it so much! She loves otters so I had to get this for her. She says it's her baby otter. xD it's well made and so soft! And absolutely adorable!
... mail truck but when I got him he was perfect. Love him  He was in the slow mail truck but when I got him he was perfect . Love him.
This is very nice. Nicer than I had expected  This is very nice. Nicer than I had expected. My daughter's loves Pete the Cat an she loves this puppet she uses it when reading all of her Pete the Cat books.
100% RECOMMEND IT  my daughter love this.. THIS ELMO IS NOT HARD... IT JUST FILLED WITH BEANS ON HIS BUTTOCKS SO HE CAN SIT WITHOUT ANY SUPPORT...
Cute!!  My son loves this!!
Love her!  I love my jumbo unicorn. I named her Princess and she brings me much joy. I got her a huge bear that I call Helena to be her size matching companion. They look great on my bed together. She's really soothing to cuddle with after a bad dream and/or hard day. Well worth the money.
thanks
Birdo plush rocks!!!  My daughters were looking forward to this plush doll, and were very happy when it arrived. The plush doll's colors are vibrant and the quality is nice. Both the girls and I are quite pleased with the purchase.
Son loves it.
He sounds like Barney, who my 2 year old watches daily  He sounds like Barney, who my 2 year old watches daily.  She was constantly singing this song and loves me to sing it at naptime, so I knew I just had to get this for her for Easter.  He is a little bit loud, but she doesn't mind.
love it
Must have for Tigger Fans!  My two year daughter is obsessed with Pooh and his whole gang. We previously purchased a plush Winnie the Pooh and we thought that Tigger would be a great addition. She carries this toy everywhere with her. It has pretty soft fur. The stitching is well done and there aren't any issues with the toy. It's been pretty durable so far and seems to be a well made toy. I recommend this toy.
LOVE this toy  I bought this toy as a gift for my sisters. They love it. Thank you very much for providing with a quality product at an excellent price. Delivery was on schedule. Everything was excellent.
Perfect!
Great and my son loves it.
it works
Love it  Bought this for my son for Christmas, and he loves it.
Great dolls!  Dolls were as pictured and my 3 year old niece loved them!
The sound quality is excellent. The overall quality of the toy was very good. My grandchildren have gotten hours of enjoyment from this toy.
Awesome to go through. Thank u
SOOO CUTE
Rare find, handy clip  Purchased as a graduation gift. He loved it! Perfect size to have something that represent something he likes while not taking up valuable real estate in a small dorm room!
my nephew loves this
My son loves it its great!
nice
Bought it as a gift. He is so cute.
My son loves this
Can't Wait for Christmas  I just know my granddaughter will love this! The music box melody is crystal clear and the doll itself is so engaging. You can't help but fall in love...
OUTSTANDING  Perfect. My grandson loves them!
Adorable!!!  Absolutely love it.
good  Give her sister a gift, she likes, good quality
Adorable  Just received today, so much more precious that i had expected. extremely satisfied and worth the wait!
Granddaughter Loved it  Took about 3 weeks to come from China, but I ordered it in advance and my granddaughter received it on Christmas Eve.  She was very happy and that makes me happy.  Was as is pictured.
Perfect! My son absolutely loves it.
Would buy again  Happy with seller and purchase.
Great quality from a great company, you won't regret this purchase!  Fantastic quality, worth every penny. My 20 month old is able to independently buckle and unbuckle the "circle" one and is almost able to do the standard-type buckles as well. No doubt he'll be able to do them all within the next few months. I holds his attention for a long time. The zipper is also fun for him and it is so snuggly soft.
Kids love it!
Grandkids love this!!'
This is one of my favorite characters from the anime Free  This is one of my favorite characters from the anime Free! I was so glad to find a plush of him, and so pleased to have him arrive so fast! He's in perfect condition, and a very sweet napping partner, I recommend getting this plush, if you like this character and fast shipping!
Olympic Figures  Super cute!
For some strange reason my 5 year old like this and the other characters from this madness known as "Five Nights at Freddies".
Just as described semi used just like new. Thank you
super cute!  My daughter loves these hello kitty dolls!
Boo  This boo was the greatest plushy to my collection I am a collector and this was a great add thank you
Good enough.
I LOVE HIM. i'd recommend for collectors  I LOVE HIM. i'd recommend for collectors, as he's rather small compared to some other plushies, but still well worth it to me.
Cute monkey!  Cupcake Monkey is a gift for my soon to arrive grand daughter.  She is quality construction, huggable, and just the right size to haul around.  I also used this monkey as a table centerpiece for my daughter's baby shower.  I added a pink bow - for the shower only.
This was a gift and they loved it! Very happy person
Favorite lovie  My son loves this lovie the best of all his stuffed toys. We love the way it is made and we can machine wash him and tumble dry with no problem. It has a cute face and the floppy nature of this toy makes it a perfect lovie for snuggling to sleep.
\^^/ So cute  Omg fast shipping and super soft \^^/ also i love the pattern it is perfect
Such an Adorable Stuffed Horse! Very Nice Quality!  This 12" stuffed Plush Horse is adorable. He is so soft on the outside and nice and soft when you squeeze hime too. Perfect size for the little ones. He is made very well and a very nice quality. The stitching is done really nice, not like your cheap stuffed animals you get the fairs or the toy machines. The mane and tail and nicely done as well and fur does not pull out when tugged on. His saddle is removable with the velcro under his belly. The back legs on him are molded so they stay in the laying position. He's just so cute and any child (or even adult) is sure to love him. I set mine on the back on the chair in our living room. Would recommend! **I received this product for free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. No compensation for a positive review was provided. All of my reviews are based 100% off of my experience with the product and I never guarantee a positive review.
A gift for my new nephew.  A gift for my new nephew.
My Nephew loved it!
Kids love it.
Grandson approved.
Very cute & cuddly  My son loves this Snivy plush doll.  He takes it everywhere he goes.  It's very durable. We turn it inside out & throw it like a ball and it still hasn't ripped.  I would recommend this toy. A little pricey, but the free shipping & handling helped with the price.  Very cute doll.
cheaper from the manufacturer  $39.99 here [...]  I bought mine from BJ's on line for $40 and now they don't carry it. Go direct to the company. Amazon marking it down to $69 is a rip off.  Dennis
HE LOVES IT!  My grandson loves his collection of Super Mario Bros. plushes.  Thank you!
Exactly what I ordered and it made a delightful gift to the Free Lois Lerner Fund as she seems to have a dose of snoopyness.
Nice  Set.  A favorite here.
Too Cute  This toy is hilarious.  The things he says are fun.  He tells you to hug him tighter, tighter, TIGHT!  He also knows when you turn him upside down.  He clears his throat when he wants you to hug him.  I thought the toy would be weird or annoying (some Elmo toys with sound are HIGHLY annoying).  My son and I both think he's funny.  One of the best parts is rather than just having a switch that turns on and off (thank goodness toys now have off switches) he also has a setting that makes Elmo go to sleep.  He sings a sweet little song and then starts to snore.
Snap dragon  Perfect for my son's plants vs zombies plush collection, good buy!
It's cute; it was delivered quickly; our granddaughter loves it.
We wanted a Wookie!  Got it for my wife and she loves it just the size she wanted and it was fast delivery.
Love chibi america!  This is such a cute little America plushie! Very durable, and true to character. Was very happy when i saw this since there isn't much merchandise available. Perfect for any Hetalia fan!
Thank you
i love it
Perfect  My daughter loves it and carries it around with her everywhere she goes.  Great quality, as well.  I'd order the whole line.
I use this to get out of work.
Giant Microbe + Zombie Virus = Best Stuffie Ever!  Well made. Super cute. Love the informational tag that was included. Was given as a gift. My husband loved it. I want one for myself.
Manatee in novelty t-shirts???  This manatee is perfect. I love the size and hes soft and great for cuddling. Had to get this plush when I saw that Geico commercial. I do wish that the plush was more stuffed but thats just me. Still very cute.
Loved them.
perfect
Love it more than I expected
Perfect  So cuddly!
SHE LOVES IT  MY GRANDDAUGHTER LOVE THIS. THIS GLOWORM IS DIFFERENT FROM THE OTHERS GLOWORM I HAVE BOUGHT FOR OTHER CHILDREN. ITS A GREAT BUY. IT IS EASY CHILDERN TO LIGHT IT UP AND IT PLAYS MUSIC.
!  Great job and came early
Love this dog and so does every that seen it.  I bought one of Boo for a Christmas present for my nephew.  After I saw how cute this dog, I showed my friends and ending up ordering two more.  Two came with plastic bag sealed and one came with no bag.  Boo is so soft and cuddly, everyone likes him. I notice the the prices varies.  I order a total of three and each time it is a different price.
love it love it love it!!!  I've started to love Boo at first glance in a store months ago, and always wanted to have one. On valentine's day my boyfriend bought it as a gift. It is soft, cute, and sweet, just as what I expected. I'm holding it every night in bed!
My kids love it!!!!!  A little on the pricey side for a stuffed toy, but of course I'm sure that's due to the character name & likeness. My kids love Mario! And any & all things Mario related. I guess it's a good thing to spend time off the game systems and actually playing with something like this, to go on adventures of their own, recreate their favorite game scenes, etc. They play with this series of plush toys (they have many of them) for hours on end. Very good construction. One of them finally developed a small tear (after a year+ of rough use) but my wife was able to sew it back up good as new. Buy with confidence!
It was a great deal
Good quality adorable toy!
Daughter loved it, might be fragile from some of the other reviews, however mine has survived hoping off stairs once.
She is absolutely gorgeous & wants to eat your face!
sound quality is good, and well made  Very cute, sound quality is good, and well made.  Love it!
Fun for the whole family  My family loves this toy. It's easy enough for the little ones (2 - 5 year olds) to catch and throw because it's large. Everybody loves the noise it makes, and laughter is guaranteed!
For kids who's daddy calls them boo also monsters fans  It is so cute it just like in the movie my grand daughter will love it she has no idea
sebastian cow  i chose this rating because i love what i got its sooo adorably cute. there is nothing i dislike about it.  i would recommend this to anyone who's a sebby fan
HUGE fan of GIANTmicrobes
Very pleased.
Bigger than I expected, but my grandson loves it
'Foxy' is great for a 5-year-old cuddle.
This Breast Cancer CAN be CURED!  Our little patient loves her incurably cute Breast Cancer microbe.  She has the option to curse at it, beat it, or even throw it repeatedly against a wall.  Instead she's opted to turn it inside out and "cure" it.  Now all she needs is one of those t-shirts that says, "Yes, they're fake: my real ones tried to kill me."  Thanks for helping us make a little light in a very serious situation.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GIANTmicrobes-Breast-Cancer-Malignant-Neoplasm-Plush-Doll/dp/B00FJ7O6U4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GIANTmicrobes Breast Cancer (Malignant Neoplasm) Plush Doll</a>
Very soft and cuddly.  Grandson loved it. He is 7 and he still loves stuffed animals. Saw a goat at the livestock show and wanted one for his birthday. I loved this one.
My 18 month old loves buckles and loves this! she gets so focused on it, finishes it, then I unclip them all and she does it again.
Into buckles??? This is a must have!  My daughter is 20m became obsessed with buckles around 18m. At first I felt like the buckles around the bottom half of the stomach were a little short and kinda hard to buckle, after 2 days she's mastered it and even puts the correct colors together. All the buckles are perfect length for this stuffed animal. I actually like the fact that some are harder to put together, makes it a little challenging... If your babe is anything like mine, they'll be up for the challenge! She hasn't quite figured out how to unbuckle them, just yet... Not to mention, Blizzard is super soft too! My daughter is also stuffed animals, so when she's not trying to figure him out she's hugging, kissing, and snuggling with this lil fella.
WILL ELMO KNOW MY SON'S NAME?  My son's first birthday is coming up and i really want to get him this doll.  I'm hesitant because his name is Carmine, and i'm not sure it Elmo will know it....i don't want to buy the doll to find that the only name close enough is "Carmen" (which is a girl's name.
Larger than I expected. He loves it!
Nice and larger than I expected.. great product
but I covered the speaker with tissue and now it's the perfect volume to soothe my babe  Somewhat loud for a bedtime doll, but I covered the speaker with tissue and now it's the perfect volume to soothe my babe
Great toy  My 5 yo loves pete tge cat.  He has really enjoyed this!
My daughter loves it and it's a perfect size.
A hit  I didn't realize these were plush toys and not the plastic ponies my granddaughter expected. She loved it anyway!
Fun educational tool and even better gift.  It's a great gift for anyone that likes microbiology, or even anything related with science. It's pretty big and cuddly too.
Kakashi = ultimate coolness  This is a really cool toy...all the kids in my elementary school classes love this (I teach in Japan).  So far plush-version Kakashi has withstood the beating my kids usually give to all my other things, so it was definitely worth the money. It helps that Kakashi also happens to be one of my favorite anime characters of all time.
This is one of the most adorable plush toys I've ever bought :) highly recommend!
Cute pacifier  The little giraffe from CuddlesMe Pacifier is absolutely adorable and suitable not just for a baby but for anyone who loves plush animals. It's well made and looks like it would withstand a lot of wear, such as a baby or toddler would give it. It measures approximately seven inches in length. The pacifier attaches via a cloth strap that doubles back on itself and snaps open or shut. Because the pacifier is detachable it can be washed without getting the plush giraffe wet. This is a great concept. In addition to the giraffe, this toy/pacifier comes as a lamb, monkey, or elephant.  I received this product in exchange for writing an honest review.
I ordered Sanei Super Mario 9" Squirrel Musasabi Mario  I ordered Sanei Super Mario 9" Squirrel Musasabi Mario, But sadly received A Bowser Bone Dry 10", so can't complain but Sanei Super Mario 9" Squirrel Musasabi Mario would have been Awesome!!! I'm gonna order again.
So cute!!  It is perfect except where it is shown as light brown it is actually a bit more of an orangey brownish color that's darker than shown, but besides the slight discoloration it comes exactly how it looks and it's adorable, soft and snuggly. It's also smaller than 9 inches, more so a 6-7 inch plush. Still totally worth it though and I love it!
way cute  the opposite of the Nerdy Hello Kitty - a perfect pair to have as I bought Nerdy Hello Kitty too.
Great folders, exactly as expected.
Daughter LOVES it  She's exactly what you see...they sell these at Disney on Ice for $30.  Great deal here! Collect them all!  Yay!
I've become a hero in her eyes thanks to this GREAT plush doll  Niece absolutely refuses to sleep without this doll! I've become a hero in her eyes thanks to this GREAT plush doll.
perfect  perfect
successful birthday gift  i got this for a 2 year old for her birthday. she loves yo gabba gabba and has just about everything. her mother and her just loved this doll. her mother was not aware they even had dj lance plushes
I sent Olaf off to England.  By a look at the pictures I would say my 2 year old Granddaughter loves him.
My niece loves it.
Cute plushie for WOW fans...  Bought it as a gift for a friend.  Very good construction.  Cute expression.  Durable and soft.  Definitely not to be confused with the Talking Murloc Plush put out by Jynx,com (this one does not talk).  Cute baby critter for WOW fans, or their kids...
we love that she loves it  I should say our two year old daughter loves it... we love that she loves it! He sings songs and encourages learning. He also has a handy "off" switch that is easy to navigate. A little hard to remove and add the different hats. Will require some help from an older sibling or adult.
Adorable!  This Cream plush arrived in excellent condition and on time. The colors were true to what is displayed on the page, the stitching is solid, and the packaging was of good quality as well. It is even softer than it looks, too! The stuffing is even throughout the plush doll.
The item got here on time and its great my son will love it for christmas
Cannot write a review or comment as it is a Christmas Present
Hes a cutie!  Hes small and cute! He came with the box, that was smashed, and he came fast. Other then the box being smashed and bent everything else was great. Hes soft and well put together, i have no fear that he will fall apart. The shipping went fast and i got him in no time. He was a great add to my collection. The colors are a little different then in the picture, but its a good different, the one i got was more accurate to the real thing. A really good buy!
arrived on time and as expected
Very soft and huggable!
A great dragon, well made, solid plush.
Really cute & soft
Great for collecting sailor moon things
My kid loves this zombie, it's his favorite
Happy Little Snowman  This little guy isn't a typical snowman because he's not shaped in perfectly round segments.  He's extremely soft and his smile cheers up the holidays.  Great present for a small child,
Amazing!  I have no complaints with this plush. It's a very nice one. It's soft. The embroidering on its eyes and bib are nice. It's huggable, which is always a good thing with plushes. It's very nice quality, so I recommend it to any plush collectors.
So Cute!  Our 4 year old granddaughter wanted all the Sofia the First animals for Christmas. We were really happy with the quality and size of this one. Very soft and well made.
Great toy for my home bar.  This is one of the best animated toys I have ever bought. Better motion than I could have imagined.
love it my baby love it to
I recommend this toy figure  If you are a fan of the Professor Layton game puzzles than this plush doll is a great buy. Looks just like him & he's constructed pretty well.
Perfect!  The package arrived today, the five Benie Babies are adorable and in perfect condition!  I am very pleased with this purchase.
So soft and so sweet.
Nice product  Great toy...nice quality made material and the kids love it. I would recommend this to be a great toy for any child.
Grandson loved it!
Grandson loves it!  Grandson loves it!  First thing he did was fill it with toys then immediately dumped them out saying the dog threw up.  ; )  It was received in a timely manner and in good condition.
my son loved it
Firery tale  Very cute and colorful
My daughter likes her rudolph!  My daughter was pleasantly surprised when she received this gift.  Its small enough to fit in her book bag or coat pocket.
Love this  Frida Kahlo doll I bought it for a friend who loves Friday Kahlo I'm sure she is going to love it Very good for the price and fast shipping :)
Cute, soft, and cuddly  My 5 year old has a stuffed Grinch he got for Christmas that  he said "needed a Max so he wouldn't be lonely." This soft and snuggly Max has been to bed every night since he arrived.
Received quickly and was exactly as pictured.
We used it for a homecoming mum and it was perfect.  It came exactly as described, and it was an authentic Disney product. I even went to the actual store to go check and they were identical. We used it for a homecoming mum and it was perfect.
super cute  it replace the 3 my puppy decided to "play" with!
The kids love it! It doesn't get better than that  A durable well constructed toy. The kids love it! It doesn't get better than that.
verreh noice  Very good. my daughter got it. FULL REVIEW:  Features: 4.5 stars/ 5 stars The hat stands up very well and the pompom has a light fluff to it. The hands can fit through the mug handle and they will stay unless you thrash it around. The whiskers are not floppy but they fold VERY easily. The feet are small but no problems yet. Overall, very very good.  Texture: 10 stars/ 5 stars The fur is a light dust color and has a fine velvety fluff to it. SO SOFT!!! The hairs are very short and fine. The eyes and the whiskers are made up of some strong felt and they are firm. The mug is very squishy and would be satisfactory on its own. It is sewn to the hands. The whipped cream has the same fluff to it as the hat pompom. AMAZING textures.  Quality: 7/ 5 stars Unless you literally cut it with a knife or cut it with scissors, THIS WILL NOT RIP. I repeat: THIS WILL NOT RIP. The seams are very compact and most likely will not tear apart easily. The thread that held the hands to the mug feel like thick twine, but softer. OUTSTANDING quality.  Thoughts: 5/5 stars To be honest, my daughter only bought this because it was on sale for 14 bucks (and she thought it was cute of course). Even though the quality, features, and texture was fantastic, Pusheen is really not worth 25 bucks. I would pay 15 max, but 10 is the right price. Adults can afford this for 25, but not 13 year old girls (generally speaking), so I would DEFINATELY buy this. Very cute and will last a long time!
great product
Perfect-o  This guy is perfect...exactly what we were hoping for.
my kids are big collectors of Tokidoki products and collectables and Amazon is one of the best places to buy them  My son loves his Cactus dog.. my kids are big collectors of Tokidoki products and collectables and Amazon is one of the best places to buy them! thank you!!
First stuffed animal  I bought this for my son for Easter. He loves it the bright color and its easy for him to hold.
Elmo  Elmo was picked for a 2 year old for her birthday.  She loves dragging her Elmo around and to bed
My granddaughter loves her Peppa Pig family!  Just the right size for small hands, very soft to touch, Peppa has her Teddy, George has his Dinosaur and Daddy Pig has his briefcase.
Such a cool and funny toy.its a conversation piece thats for sure.
amazing  These are amazing I love mine and my best friend will love them too
Awesome same as the ones sold at Disneyland
Surprisingly fast shipping  I got this package in the mail like over a month before it said I would - confused, I opened it to discover it was my Celebi! Looks great in my car window, sewn nicely and good material. Great price
Bigger than expected! Love!  Son Loved this Bonnie nd its pretty big ( one minor fault, no tail)
My little bro loved it  Excellent
So cute!!!! Larger than expected, but that's not a problem. Arrived promptly and intact.
love it too bad it so hard to  love it too bad  it so hard to get
Son is thrilled  My son loves godzilla and although these are huge on him, they're more for an adult, he loves them and I know he won't outgrow them before he outwalks them. lol
Excellent
Came quickly, clean, packaged with tag still on mushroom guy. Exactly as pictured
and fun! Great to have while you read the Dr  Cute, soft, and fun! Great to have while you read the Dr. Suess books.
He is happy so I am happy  My son loves this Elmo! Very cuddle-able. He is happy so I am happy. *5 stars*
My 2 yr old has Mickey by his side 24/7.
Not annoying at all  My 2 yr old grandson will love this. Very plush. Not going to hurt anyone or anything when he throws it. Mine doesn't giggle without stimulation: seems to require a firm pat or bump. The giggle lasts about 10 seconds and blessedly is not loud at all!
Absolutely Wonderful  I didn't get mine from Amazon, but from the pre-order run by 4th Dimension. This plush is likely the best, most show-accurate non-custom Rarity you can buy, licensed or otherwise. The material is soft and fuzzy all over, and her mane and tail are both stuffed lightly or with fluffier stuffing, so they're soft and have more "give" than her body, which is firm and doesn't feel like it would deform. The embroidered eyes and cutie mark are all top-notch as well. The overall shape is probably as close to the ponies' depiction on the show as one could make a plush. Also note that the actual plush I received is mirrored from the product image here, with the part in the mane on the left side of her head rather than her right as shown in the image.  All I can say is if you're on the fence about buying this one, just do it.
My granddaughter loves her new toys. Paw Patrol is one of her favorite shows. Everest is her favorite pup so this was a good gift for her.
Just what my daughter wanted.  I ordered for her.
If you're a Star Wars fan you'll love it. It makes us laugh every time we go into the Nursery.
Son loves this toy.
Fun Slippers  I got these slippers for my husband as a gift and he loves them. He wears a size 10.5 shoe and the slippers fit perfectly. He says they are as comfortable as other slippers but the only drawback is that they are slightly hard to walk in. He really has to pick up his feet to walk because of the claws that stick out. But despite that issue he loves to wear them around and they keep his feet really warm.
My friend loved it  It got there early, and My best friend loved the gift. great gift idea, if your friend likes Kirby and or videogames.
Super cute  My son loves this and he's 12. Sleeps with it nightly.
This is sooooo darn cute.....My niece loves it :)
Thanks!  My daughter was tickled that they made a girl toad figure. Her brother plays with his sonic and mario plushies, when he does she wants to play too so I had to have this for her. Great service and fast delivery.  Thank you
Exactly what you would expect
Villain doll  We love the evil villain now my daughter can really at sleeping beauty and make it real with is doll it is awesome
Adorable  Ok this little guy is super cute. My daughter said she wanted a disney TSUM TSUM for Christmas and she did't care which one. I thought Chewbacca was so adorable it's what I choose. Pretty confident she will love it too. Can't wait to give it to her on Christmas!
Perfect Elmo!  This Elmo doll is actually BETTER than the description! Very soft and cuddly. Our 2 year old Granddaughter won't put it down! I especially like the fact that the eyes are cloth and not plastic. Excellent quality. Would definitely recommend this Elmo for your "little one"!
I may love this more than my toddler  This is a great toy, very durable and the magnets work great. My child is 20 months and it holds her attention for a couple of minutes. I think as she gets a little older she will have more fun with it.  I think it's super cool and recommend it to anyone whose child loves Sesame St.
It has the tag so it is the original plushie  I was scared that I was going to get the wrong black yoshi, but when I got the black yoshi I got the black yoshi that was shown in that picture, very cool, although it's a little grey :/
My friends loves it.
My son loves it.
So rad!
Fun for the kids!
7 year old son loves it  My son loves his little Pikachu, and it came in a nice little bag. Super cute.
perfect gift.  My daughter loved it!!! Just as described. Fast shipping. She can't wait to get the rest of them... Just the right size.
Yveltal!  Love battling with my Yveltal in Pokemon Y, love snuggeling this monster at night. It is made of super soft material and nice and cushy. Wont stand up on own though
I bought this doll for my boyfriend and he loved it. The doll looks the same as the picture shown. Great quality, kinda small though. I would recommend this to pokemon fans.
Bro Loved this!!!  It looks just like the picture.
Exceptional  Package was quickly delievered and I was very happy overall with the Delievery speed and price, I give this an exceptional rating
GOOD VALUE.  CUTE...GOOD VALUE.
Excellent companion piece to the Peter Rabbit Classic Collection.
Can't go wrong with this toy!  Our two year old and one year old loves this toy! We got it for our two year old when he was an infant, he loved putting the buckles together, no he likes to match them, and name the colors and count the animals on squares. Our one year old loves to buckle them and point to the colors. You can't go wrong with this toy! It has lasted us 2 years. You can wash it! Even has a zipper!
18 month old grandson loves the movie and loves these very well made stuffed toys.
Super soft  My son was really excited about this. It is coming from outside the country so it takes awhile, but he loves it!!
IT IS LOVED
High quality plush, need to get the Mario gang in Cat form :)
Fine
Super cute. My daughter loved it.
My son loves buckles and straps and he really enjoys playing with this toy.
Really cute...!  This plushy shark is adorable. I would say its maybe a tad bit lighter than the color I see on my computer screen. But I love it!
This was as described!
Great addition to the little kids' toy box  Great addition to the little kids' toy box!  Really nice "doll" for the boys who love "Frozen" as much as the girls! Thanks!!
Bought for my Sister  I bought this for my sister who loves Hetalia. When I gave it to her she was really excited bi recommend this product.
in good
My 2 and half loves it. Excellent quality  My 2 and half loves it. Excellent quality
Slow delivery, but...  The delivery took quite a long time, but hey, that has nothing to do with the product itself.  The little guy is simply adorable, and he seems to be made of decent quality stuff too. In other words it's not going to fall apart under normal wear and tear, at least not for a long while.
The best ever invented??( for parents and grand mothers)  As expected great quality. My grandson now has 17 crazy birds  he does so much with them. tosses, plays soccer and basketball!.
Hours of laugh  My son can't get enough of him.  Has all the sounds as on the app
good quality for its price
A big hit!  My granddaugher is 2 1/2 and absolutely loves Doc McStuffins.  So this doll was a no brainer.  She adores it and hugged it the minute I gave it to her!
Would purchase again.  Received it today. Very well made, and very soft. Lots of stuffing. Well priced too.
Adorable and super soft! Official merch, and it's weighted :) super happy with it
Hello Kitty Plush  Love it!
We love it! Can't wait to get it out up in our nursery!
Cute!  Soft, cuddly, and legit! Very well made and perfect for any Pokemon fan out there! I want to get the three legendary dogs next!
Too Cute  This is one of those real reviews where I get to tell you the good, the bad, and the ugly about Sven the Disney Tsum Tsum. Its not like Im a professional reviewer or something like that. Anyway is that even a job? Plus, Im pretty sure there is nothing they could do to me for giving them a bad review. So, Im just a normal person with a day job who sorta enjoys writing reviews. So, here we go.  The Good:  It's a Sven Tsum Tsum, what could not be good about it? Ok, seriously this thing is super cute. I got it for my eyeless toothless dwarf hamster and it's pretty much the cutest thing ever when he cleans its tuft of hair.  The Bad: The only thing that ever annoys me about Tsum Tsums is that the tag is just freaking huge. You can cut that off though if you're so inclined, so whatever.  The Ugly: There's not a single ugly thing about this cute little thing. I suppose some parents may be annoyed by the singing of "Let it Go" that any Frozen related object will inspire, but luckily for me that isn't a problem. If I sing the only one I can annoy if myself!
Great for snuggling or riding along in the car  Bought this for my almost-2yo and she loves it! Minnie is bigger than I expected. All plush, so there are no random hard parts. Great for snuggling or riding along in the car. Very well made. I'm probably going to buy the matching Mickey now.
My kids loved it...
Great product for Toddlers!
I got a mudkip plush which was even better for me  Most likely you won't get the little pet shop toy. I got a mudkip plush which was even better for me.
Great toy my grandchild loves it and great service thanks amazon
the little girl loved her Minnie Baby!
Its perfect  I love it and its awesome. I am seriously thinking of getting more of the evie-lutions like umbreon and flareon.
Charmander!  Eyes are a little lopsided, but overall, it's cute and adorable and fits in the palm of your hand. My wife loves it, our daughter loves it, and in the end, that's all that matters.
100% is recommended.  100% is recommended.  The product is excellent, the device is so useful that really looks like a tablet. With expansion memory can be used as a data logger, music and videos.
Very pleased!  A+ review  These were perfectly adorable.
Great for Boys  Ugly dolls have been a wonderful pass time for our boys. As they have grown older it became "uncool" to play with stuffed animals. However, these little ugly dolls are the exception to the rule. They can be enjoyed without appearing "babyish." They are made of great quality and of course, have a corresponding website to enjoy and collect them all.
Great services and shipping:-)  This Penguin was just what I wanted. It is so cushy and plush, I know my daughter will love it. It arrived in excellent shipping condition. Thank you for such fine service
I loved it Rarity was so cute
My Grandson loves his Elmo!  My Grandson, 2 years old, loves his Elmo.  I actually had to buy another one for his house.  He could be just about falling asleep standing up (from playing :o) ), but still manages to ask for Elmo.  There's a wide enough area to push to activate the singing so he can push Elmo's tummy himself to get it to play again.  I do wish it played longer, but since he can replay it himself, no problem.
Buy me buy me buy me!!  We love the owl!  Color is a sweet dusty rose.  We love this owl and so happy we bought her.  Was a bday gift for my 6 yr old.  She loves her sleeps w her every night.  Granny loved her so much we bought a second one for her bday!
He is nice and soft and huggable  Bought him for my granddaughter.  She absolutely loves him!!  He is nice and soft and huggable.
Granddaughter love's it
Great toy!  Great toy for fine motor skills! I didn't even realize when I made the purchase that there are several different types of buckles. Awesome! My one year old loves it. So far it seems likes great quality. Time will tell.
Nice.  I got this for a present for some and they loved it. The price was right and much less compared to other versions of it.
Great!  Very nice!  My daughters love these dolls (we also have Peach and Daisy). Very soft and well made.
My son loved it and was happy to add it to his collection!
B&S engine  I purchased this engine to replace a worn out Briggs and Stratton engine on a 20 year old Sears Craftsman chipper / shredder.  It intalled easily and fired right up and performs perfectly.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
Great for Pokenerds  23 year old daughter loves this plushie.  One of her favourites.
Just Adorable!  I love this for making birth stats. The ears are big enough for all the information and the elephant is just adorable!
Kids love them!!  Good stuff and decent quality
Absolutely the cutest thing. I'm scoring some major points with my little grandson after getting Baby Mario.
Great
She LOVED her present!  My daughter LOVED her Christmas present! Happy customer!
Very satisfied the plush dolls were just as described my kid loves them, great job guys.
Very pleased.
Purfect Pokemon  Got the plushy quickly my daughter loves it!
Good quality and quick shipping.  Love it! Good quality. I get laughs and comments everywhere I take it. Everybody asks me where I got it and says that they want one.
Super cute and nice addition to our Disney family of plush...haha!
Simple Doll That's Smart Because It Grows With Your Child  I like the quality of Playskool and this Dressy Kids Boy is no exception. It's a simple boy doll roughly around 12" high. But unlike a simple doll, it's equipped with five (5) activities for pretend dress-up:  - Button - Zipper - Shoe Lace - Buckle - Velcro  All of these functions are built into the doll. So for example the doll is wearing a vest which you can zipper up and down. Also within the vest is a single pocket with a large button and button hole that you kid can practice with.  Then below the waist on the left leg there's another pocket, but this time with Velcro closure. Right below that leg is a large buckle for the shoe, while on the other shoe is a shoe lace.  The smart thing about this is that of course when your kid is young, all they will think about is how this can be their everyday doll whether to sleep with or to carry along with the stroller.  However as they start to develop their motor skills, they will realize that the restless fingers they have been toying around with the doll is actually the zipper they have been tugging all along and therefore helping them practice without them knowing.  As they get older, that's when they realize the doll they've come to grow with is also the same doll that will help them teach a few more skills like looping a button to finally being able to tie a shoe lace.  I wish they went the full way of having the zipper detach fully rather than stop and then have an optional velcro cloth to act as stopper so it doesn't have to go down all the way for early beginners.  Other than that the colors are bright and upbeat and the material looks very durable it can take a beating. For the price, it's a sure winner that's perfect to own as well as give as a gift.
This gift set is perfect for a child who loves Pete the Cat  This gift set is perfect for a child who loves Pete the Cat! My daughter loves the whole set! It is neat since you can't find many Pete the cat items!
Too cute!  This stuffed toy looks like a real hairy coo  only much smaller!
So stinkin' cute  Soft, stands up on its own and matches the Bedtime Originals Choo Choo Bedding perfectly.  I can't wait to start putting the nursery together!
Great Elmo. My son loves him. Love that the eyes are made of fabric.
Superb plush  First Mario plush recieved again authentic plush bought from toys and games outlet really reccomend
loved it
My daughter loves it
Grandchildren love him.
This is so soft and looks exactly like it does in the picture!
Multiple Uses  This is an outstanding pan. I've used it a lot. Cooks great, cleans up great. Pans like this can also be used for a very sanitary litter box. The handles come in handles for all uses.
Good
Perfect, great material.
Adorable  I bought this item for my nephew's first birthday. He loved it, since he's a fan of Blue's Clues. I'm really glad he enjoyed it.
Good gift  Got this for a girl and she loved it.  It's the perfect size and very soft
Great Quality  This little rabbit of such fame was an excellent gift for my granddaughter!  The quality of the product was wonderful.  The box it came in just gave it a great presentation of Peter Rabbit.  Would recommend this to all little boys and girls to encourage the softer side of life and encourage their imaginations as they play.
Great for Toddler  My one year-old loves the toddler Princess Tiana doll that my 6 year-old has, but Older Sister is not always willing to share. This was a great substitute. This Tiana is very soft and huggable... not to mention cute as can be!
Super cute and well made!!
Very soft life like plush. Perfect size.
the best toy my son can have  I just got the chavo toy and i was so exited to see it. It was what i expected and more. I recommend this toy even i Love it.
nice
Got him for the girlfriend and she loves him! This guy is big and has huge ears!
Versatile toy.  My 3-year old boy plays with these blocks often. They can be roads, towers, support for a race track, buildings, etc. They were easy to put together, after figuring out the first one. I like the fact that they have no batteries and encourage imaginative play. A great tool for the stay-at-home-mom to have.
Yes, Manatees are CUTE!  Great BIG plushy, hug-able, Manatee!
Was so cute and worth the buy! Seems more durable than dolls
My grand son loved it.
My son loves it.  Just as described.
This Uglydoll was Cute!!  Adorable, cushy doll!  My granddaughter loved this gift. She dragged it everywhere.  I noticed she even used it as a pillow in the car - very good for that since it is fairly flat.
Very cute and as advertised !!  with quick delivery. Thank you.
My son is into minecraft and he loved this.
Cute as cute can be!!  The day after I got them, I found my son cuddled on the couch with these asleep!!  Too cute for words!
Super cute!
she loved it. I would recommend  I bought this for a granddaughter to go along with a Llama Llama book.....she loved it.  I would recommend.
I love it, is so cute
AWESOME!!!!!
Exactly what I was looking for.  Great quality. My two year old granddaughter loves her Minnie.
AWESOME!  Very cute. Has lots of detail. The stiching in the tail has a few loose threads but was able to cut them of. Love it. It is very classic. Just wish the head and body were a little apart.
This is a adorable gift!  Exactly what i expected and delivered on time!
for my nephew  i bought this for one of my nephews he is a twin and is handicapped he loves it he laughs
Amazing  This toy is amazing! It takes a while to learn how to play all the games. Especially the ones that you can play when it gets older. This toy is a great toy for kids. They will *Love* it! Just like i did. There is only one problem with it. If you drop it, it scratches pretty easily. So if u want it nice and unscratched. Don't drop it. But other than that. This toy is amazing!!
My niece loved it!!!
Fluffy Cat Bus! <3  I bought this item at Hot Topic and i couldn't pass it up, I paid $29.50 for it. My Neighbor Totoro is one of my favorite movies of all time, when i saw it, i couldn't NOT leave the store without it! It is pretty small, but nice quality and super soft I'd say he's about 10 or so inches long, with "Mei" set as the next destination, I love it!
Just perfect!!!  I'm just beginning to knit socks wth dpns, and these little "sheep" are just perfect to hold the needles!  I purchased a set for my friend and mentor who has been knitting with dpns for years, and she loves them as well! Great purchase!
Bad Kitty Doll...so funny!  I got this for my son for Christmas for 2 reasons  1. He loves the book Bad Kitty 2. He loves stuff animals  He is going to laugh when he sees it under the tree! Thank goodness they made it in time for the holidays
My baby loves this toy
He's so wonderful!
As described  Cute bear. No issues.
i snuggle with it every night
neice loves it
It does not give you advice like a shrink  This is a surprising plush interactive toy. When you press the button it laughs and laughs and the laughter is contagious. It does not give you advice like a shrink. It only laugh, giggles. Fun.
Super cute and soft
You forgot to fill out your paperwork.  Excellent condition. I love Roz. So cute.
Perfect winnie the pooh!  I got this stuffed Winnie the Pooh as a gift for my girlfriend & she absolutely LOVED it! She sleeps with it every night, definitely would buy from them again to maybe get a bigger one if available
Boooooooo  Perfect and Super Soft! My daughter is totally in love her friend Boo!
Wonderful Toy for the Holidays  So I have been waiting for a while for this doll to arrive as I knew my now 3.5 yr. old daughter would LOVE her. I was right. The first words out of her mouth were "Thank you mommy, It's exactly what I wished for." LOL. My daughter has a tendency to over dramatize everything, but it still warmed my heart to hear her be so excited!  I absolutely love the groovy girls collection, though, honestly, this is the first one we've actually owned. April and I spent a great portion of the afternoon playing with Cali. The detailing on her is so beautiful. She has a red dress and a small handbag. The dress can come off with the simple snipping of one dart on her back, but I like that it's attached initially giving the parent the option of whether or not they want their doll's clothes to be able to be taken off. I find that my children always like taking the clothes off, but this time I opted to leave the stitch there and told April that the clothes are sewn on so they don't come off. Same thing goes for the handbag. You can take a stitch out if you want it to come off.  April says that her favorite part of the doll is the shoes. I think I better start saving now as April is already showing signs of being a shoe a holic! LOL.  I have to say that I have two favorite parts of this doll. I LOVE the green eyes that she has as many dolls have blue or brown eyes so it's refreshing to see a different color. The second thing is that the entire doll is plush so if you have kids fighting over the doll at least nobody gets hurt in the process :D  This would make a great gift for a little girl or even boy. My 2 yr. old son loves Cali too :D I think he just likes how soft she is and he really likes to pet her hair. All in all a great toy for any child.  Product available online at[...] or a Specialty Store near you.
pretty pony  This is a pony that will look great in the back seat of my mustang!
very nice
very cute came quick i love it
A lot of Dragon for the price..  Nice dragon... good size, larger than I thought it was going to be.. my son loves it.. other than taking a while to get here from China, its a great deal.. compared to ordering one locally...
Cute!  Cute as expected!
Great price: )  My kid loves it.  Great price :)
My grandson loved this toy. Made his Christmas.
It is perfect.  Using on a Remembrance Table at an upcoming wedding. It is perfect.
I love it!  It's smaller than I expected, no but other than that, I love it!
As advertised...
Well made.  Super cute and cuddly.
So cute and fluffy!  cant understand a word he is babbling but still very cute!  Small and huggable and cute for the right age.
Cute and awesome!  The shipping and delivery was quick! It came as shown in the picture and I love Akamaru! I'm going to be using him for my Kiba cosplay! :)
Tiny Treasures.  My granddaughter couldn't sit these down. She was Sooo excited!!! They are SMALL but good quality and very well made.  Really fast service. Thanks!!
Great learning tool  Bought it for my niece. She loved it and played with it all the time.
Olaf a big success.  My granddaughter absolutely loved her Olaf.  It was just what she wanted for her birthday.
Soft vibrant colored Peppa plushies at a great price  Incredible quality at a much lower price than purchasing individually at stores. These little guys are soft and plush, made from the same velvety material as Beanie Babies and not at all like scratchy cheap vending machine stuffed animals (which I'd suspected they would end up being). The colors are bright and spot on. We purchased Peppa and George separately, in person, at a local toy store for about $8 each and these are actually nicer (and much nicer than the ones at WalMart). I think the quality probably varies based on seller, so I'll add that the seller I purchased these from was Peneric.
Great product  I got 5 of these for my kids for christmas and they absolutely love the stuffed toy and the disc that came with them. Promoting healthy lifestyle by dance and exercising is such a bonus.. They are cute little inventions and my kids adore them - I like them too. If you pull on them too hard with your feet in the secure straps, it will rip - one of the 5 did, so just be cautious of that. I don't think it has anything to do with the quality, just how hard you play with it.
There cute and durable for any kid to play with
My 11yr.old loves it .It was bigger than I thought.
My kiddo loved him.  He's very lovable, soft, cuddly, and he talks. My kiddo loved him.
I love the Bleach doll. Exactly what I wanted.
My granddaughter's new best friend!  This little monkey became my 19-month-old granddaughter's favorite friend the moment I gave it to her!  That was 2 months ago, and she still doesn't go anywhere without him!  He is sooooo soft and squishy, and has an adorable facial expression.  Worth every penny and more!
Good  Good
My nephew loves this.
Bought this item for our 4 year old grand-daughter. She loves her baby and sleeps with Poppy all the time.
Sooo cute!  My son LOVES his mike :). It was delivered fast and is a good quality stuffed animal. Mike has held up through many snuggles and washings.
Son Loves it!  Perfect little buddy for my son to carry around.  Loves watching Bubble Guppies with his little pal.  Great quality~ Thanks
great gift for mario fans + collecors  its alot bigger than i expected which is a good thing hes got butt beans great weight his hood isn't on all the way but its very tight :) very soft its as big as a build a bear:)...AMZING PLUSH
Sweet Guy  I met Freddy Frosted through another website, and knew I had to make him mine at first glance. He's so darn cute, and I could see him dangling from my purse strap. A friend of mine noticed Freddy and asked where I found him. Of course, I couldn't remember the website. I promised to do everything I could to find out where else Freddy hung out. I found him at his home address (Whiffer Sniffer's website) only to learn that Freddy Frosted had decided to retire. Fortunately, I have Amazon.com bookmarked and was able to locate Freddy before he sailed away, courtesy of Emerald Forest. My sincere thanks and gratitude to the folks who are Emerald Forest, for helping me deliver a Christmas wish.
My son absolutely loves his BOO!! Takes him everywhere he goes and sleeps with him every night!
It's so cute!
Grandson loves it!
Love It!!!!  My son loves elmo. He sleeps with it every chance he gets! He even wants me to rock elmo to sleep too
I recommend this product  I got this because I'm a nerd.  If you're a nerd, I recommend this product.
Cute Elmo ABC toy  My daughter loves singing Elmo.  She sings along with the ABC's.
These are the best!  The quality is always great with giant microbes. I've never been disappointed with the product. My wife enjoys telling people that her valentines gift was Chlamydia.
our nephew LOVED it!!! great quality, size, he played with it for hours
Soft Silkey Security Blanket  I have a 2mo old grandson that loves to have a blanket next to his face while he is sleeping so I got him this cute little frog Security Blanket and he loves it we put it next to him every time he eats and sleeps. The material of  this Security Blanket  is super soft the color of the frog is a nice green this Security Blanket is very well made there nothing loose on this security blanket for fear of baby choking or swallowing. I hope this becomes his favorite Security Blanket I really like this little green frog I did purchase this Frog Security Blanket at a discounted price in exchange for my unbiased and honest review
Perfect!  Purchased two of these....one for a gift,and the other for a grandchild. Both are very much loved and played with. Very great deal. Fast shipping. Thanks so much.
Great gift!  My toddler loves her Barney! Her eyes got wide when she saw him. I was kinda expecting it to be bigger for what I paid though.
Tinkerbell  My niece loves tinkerbell so I bought this for her birthday. It is good size for it and she loved it. Great price too.
Nice Slippers  I was a bit skeptical about ordering these as a gift, but my daughter loves them,  she commented on how the bottoms feel more like memory foam and have a nice comfort to them.  Not the stiff cardboard feel.
great toy  Great toy . Daughter loves it. Soft and great quality . Would recommend to any parent with a young child.
Awesome!  Perfect snuggle buddy!  It was a perfect gift and my niece loved it.  Such an adorable addition to her Disney princess and Frozen collection.
He loves pokemon and this is his favorite plush.  My 10 year old son bought this. He loves pokemon and this is his favorite plush.
adorable
Just adorable. My 3 year old loves his husky.
Super Cute.  Cutest plush ever for FF fans. Absolutely a must have. No visible flaws and everything seems to have been made to last.
good for present  quality is good look like pikachu some of them are not
MIKE OR THE BILLY CRYSTAL MONSTER  IT IS FOR KIDS BIRTHDAYS (3 OF THEM BORN 1 MONTH APART) BUT THEY WILL GO CRAZY WHEN THEY GET THEM... THE 6 YEAR FIRST THEN THE 2 YEAR OLD AND LAST THE 4 YEAR OLD....
My 2 year old loves it!
Love it
thank you Scott cawthon  So good and cute
great plushy i reccomend it
Too funny and cute  My 5 year old grandson was happy, happy, happy when we gave this to him. Loco Libre is cute and perfect size.
Exactly as pictured. Very high quality and soft.
Great product!  I am hoping the soundbox for this little bird lasts a long time.  My daughter is in love with birds and will really love to find this bird under the Christmas tree this year.  Shipping went well and product is just as expected.
excellent  very cute, excellent deal
my cousin LOVED her Peppa pig. great size!
My Grandaughter Loves This Toy!  My Grandaughter loves this toy so much that she takes it to bed with her.  It is made of very high quality and is something that she will play with for a long time.  The fact that you can pose it differently is another plus.
My Favorite Mickey  Just as expected. My grandson will love it. He's 2, and Mickey Mouse clubhouse is his favorite. Decided on this one because it is so cool. I had one some time ago.
Love it  Love my purchase!!! They are super cute and soft.  I ordered half a dozen and they all came out great! Very satisfied!!!
Barney  Barney was a great for my granddaughter!  She absolutely loves him and has since learned to sing the song "I love you......" Very special!
This is a great plush toy  This is  a great plush toy. I gave it to my sister-in-law as she has a real life doxie and thought it would be a cute gift. It's a good size for the prize and well made.
fabulous!  my girl friend loved it! perfect match with sulley:)  cute little guy. even good for tossing and catching. ha ha
Martin Logan Vista  Mine still breaking in, got fabulous deal from Sunny in West Covina. I thought my Puritys were the best sounding speaker ever, with plenty of bass, and seamless planar sound. The Vistas top them in spades.  I was 100% happy with the Puritys and only bought the Vistas because Sunny made me a deal I could not turn down, even though I had not heard them.  They make every CD sound like a perfect LP, with the blackness in the music, no graininess anywhere. Each instrument comes out of the black air, yet you hear the note trails off into infinity.  I heard a cowbell coming from the left speaker, actually, about  a foot and a half to the left of the left speaker. when music extends past the speakers themselves, you got good pair of speakers. These are amazing, and I listen to CDs I have heard a million times, and they sound eerily new and fresh. I am running them off a very inexpensive but good amp, with only 125 wpc.  It really is not enough, at low volumes it sounds XLNT, but at high the amp strains (and even shuts off from thermal overload). Gotta give these babies 200 wpc of QUALITY wattage (McIntosh).
My son loves them!
Narutards don't hesitate to buy  Cutest, fattest frog ever. Holds a lot of money, could hold more if it didn't have all the stuffing. Still cute though. Got a lot of compliments from my friends. (Took 13 days to get here. Ordered dec. 13, received today dec. 26)
My grand daughter loves these two! She involves them in a wedding at least once a day!
Very fine results, long lasting too.
Exactly what i was expecting. Thank you
it have good quality, It has good color  I bought 3 Naruto Green Frog (for my boyfriend, my kid and for me) , and we looooooove it so much! its too cute, it have good quality, It has good color, nice size, i contact the seller and the seller was very cool with me via mail. Thank you so much! we are very happy :D
Kiddo loves it!  Great toy! For those that love buckles, this is the way to go. Saves mommy from having to undo the highchair buckle each and every time she gets it snapped!
She loved-it  My firnd's niece wanted this doll for long, when she received-it, she was screaming of joy. She simply loved-it and now is a best friend for her.
Perfect gift  I have a little Gigi in my life and found this was the perfect gift for a little girl by that name.
Adorable Plush toy  Adorable plush toy at a great price. My grandaughter just loves her Qbert! Thanks so much
Better than expected.  This stuffed animal is even better than expected. Very soft and cuddly!!!
super soft and lovable
It is the perfect size for her to cuddle  It met all my expectations.  My granddaughter, who is 18 months old absolutely loves it.  It is the perfect size for her to cuddle.
I love the whole set of GMs  I bought this for my friend who wanted to start a Giant Microbe collection. I love the whole set of GMs, they're all surprisingly adorable and I love that these can be used as teaching implements or as jokes to say "oh, So-and-So gave me _____". These are basically adult stuffed animals and I love it.
Stable Saw Horses  What can I say?  They are good.  Buy 'em....They work for my company.
SO CUTE  These are so cute and soft. I got these for my cousins (5th & 7th grade) and they LOVED these.
This is the best thing you can get for St. Patrick's Day!  This is such a great book. My kids absolutely love it and the Louie stuffed doll that it comes with is fantastic. This book is a must-get for the kids!
This is super cute. I love it!!!
Perfect! My 4 year old loves it
adorable... shipping took too long
Beautiful toy. Realistic with poseable legs  Beautiful toy.  Realistic with poseable legs.  My granddaughter loved it!
She is another addition to my sons' Plush Collection. She goes on most of his Adventures with Link, Meta Knight, Kirby ,Mario etc.
good quality, but angry  good quality, item was a little angry, just look at the picture of it!
It says some fun  This is the coolest gift ever. I have it myself; it is so cute and educational. It teaches kids about germs. I also learned a lot from the tag. It says some fun facts
would be good for a younger child  Cute but small, would be good for a younger child.
it worth it
Naruto Plush Christmas Gift  excellent quality! My daughter was very happy to receive this for Christmas. Toy was shipped quickly and came in great condition! I will order again in the near future.
Great
Anything Disney is fabulous!  Dory is cute and my daughter loves it!
So awesome, decent size.
Great quality, super soft  Our nephew loves Pokemon plush. The quality of this plush is awesome. It is soft and doesn't allow for fuzzy pills to develop around the feet or ears unlike other plushies. Thanks.
Ellie the Elephant is perfect!!  Ellie has been a great addition to our family. The kid loves her. Well made. Very cute.
Super fast shipping... as described - reasonable price
My Special Christmas Elf  This special elf was a delight to our daughter when it arrived in early December from a special visit from Santa.  The elf accompanied our daughter throughout the month and then departed on Christmas Eve with Santa.  She is looking forward to it's return visit on 12/1/10.
Bizzy  I bought two of the "Bizzy" Buckle Toys for my two granddaughters, ages 21 months and 12 months.  They are fascinated with buckles on their car seats and high chairs.  They both love this toy and it is easy to transport for them to play with in church and restaurants too.  My 3-year-old grandson loves playing with it too.  I would definitely recommend this toy!
cute  This Glaceon fits great in my Pokemon plush collection. A little small for cuddling but that won'ttake away from it's cuteness at all. I even found a little scarf that fits it just right. This is totally a musthave for any Pokemon fan
Purchase this doll for my 8 month old daughter and this was the perfect gift. The doll is soft and the product is as expected from the picture. Great buy!
Life-sized  Very detailed and well made. It's actually probably the closest you will get to full, life-sized Pokmon. I would appreciate the tail to be bigger and longer.
Very good quality for the low price.
Baby loves it
Adoreable Little Elliot  If you love Mike Curato's Little Elliot books, you will also love this adorable, soft, cuddly Elliot!  I gave one each to my adult daughter and  to two pre-school children, and they were so cute I wanted to keep one for myself.  The pre-schoolers were delighted with them, and their parents told us that they take them everywhere with them.  (Of course, they liked the books, too!)  Elliot is VERY soft and cuddly, and he's just 9" tall, which is the perfect size for a little elephant.  Elliot has special adventures and learns good lessons in the stories, and he can have more unique adventures in the home of a child who receives him as a gift.
grand kids love it
I love this Deidara plush!  This Deidara plush is wonderful, I love him! He's very cute and has so much detail work. His scope surprised me by how great it looks. He also has the blue Akatsuki ring which I thought was cool. It seems like most plush don't have this kind of quality as well as so many details, so he's very top notch. The material is also really soft. :) I'm so glad I bought this plush, if anyone else is a Deidara fan, it's a must have.
Great set  The item came quickly and in perfect condition.  Crush is huge and Squirt is a good size.  This order definitely helped Santa make a little boy's Christmas special.
My son LOVES it!  There's not much more to say. I arrived in 2 days and was packaged nicely. No problems whatsoever. Happy kid over here!
Cute  My son loves his Lorax. It is decently made, not cheaply like a claw-game prize. He has had it for a year or so and it's still looking durable.
my daughter loves her ...delivered on time .
It was cool
Cute but Ugly  The name says it all - it is really ugly, but so ugly it is cute!  Great gift - reasonablly priced as well.
My son said it is a good size. The face is the perfect size compared to the shell. He likes the size, too.
Adorable  My son loves this stuffed Peter Rabbit! Its structured enough to sit on a shelf, yet plush enough to take to bed.
Palkia  This is a big guy! He's soft, and well put together. There's no smell on it, and isn't bootleg as far as I can tell
She loves it now to find one bigger
Came as expected. I get a different character ebry christmas for my younger brother and they are very well made.
Very soft fabric
Great toy for babies who love grabbing and chewing buckle straps  My daughter has had an obsession with straps for the past couple of months. I figured there has to be something out there that she can actually play with and wah-lah.. the Buckle Toy! She LOVES it! She is only 8 months old so she doesn't practice (un)clasping them quite yet but loves to chew on them :)
Squeeze Me  Fine stitching. Looks strong. Like the vinyl material over the head with good detailing. 2 phrases with the famous heavy breathing. Filling is hard so if you're looking for a soft filling to hug be forewarned. A little pricey but price does drop intermittently.
cute  these guys are cute.  Soft and look just like the characters in the movie.  I would highly recommend them. thanksthese guys are cute
Adorably cute Cream The Rabbit plush!  A great size plush, for the 13 dollar price tag. The size actually fits her age in the games, which (I THINK) Is seven. I love it alot, and so should you. If mine got lost, or ruined I would for sure buy again.
He looks just like the baby Fire Dragon in the game  This plush is so cute! He looks just like the baby Fire Dragon in the game. He is very soft and high-quality. I love the pose-able wings!
We really love these! They are life size. Great price too!
<3  This is a wonderful product. it is a treasure to my collection. i would suggest for anyone of any age. :)
Get it!  Great product! Pretty big! Kks lookin pretty cool Playin shows every saturday night!(doesnt actually play music but doesnt mean i cant put the music on myself and pretend,)
Kids Love It  Kids Love It
Love Hello Kitty!!  Super cute! Definitely worth the price for it. Kids would love it too
Kids love it  Feels like real fur, kids love it.
Love it  Very good quality.beautiful design.
Absolutely Adorable  We ordered this guy and a Chewbaca friend for our son for Christmas.  I thought they would be the smaller ones, but these are h-u-g-e.  I was so excited to see them.  He just loves them both.  Super fantastic!
Got these for my 8 year old son, HE LOVES THEM! He's crazy about Mario Bros, and this finished the collection, after all....who's browser going to capture?
My 1 yr old granddaughter is obsessed with Peppa Pig and I think she is going to LOVE these. They arrived and are so cute  So thankful for these!! My 1 yr old granddaughter is obsessed with Peppa Pig and I think she is going to LOVE these.  They arrived and are so cute!  I feel they are definitely a good bargain.
Great cuddly toy!  Elmo came as expected- he was just the right size for an 18 month old.  He is super soft and cuddly.  We love that this Elmo does NOT make any noise or require batteries.
Very cute.  My granddaughter chose her favorites from those available online. She asked everyday if they had arrived. When she opened the package she was overjoyed because they were even more adorable than the photos.
Love it!  This beluga whale is Better and bigger than I thought it would be. Super fast shipping, by baby loves it!
I was very pleased with the plush Woody and Bullseye!!!
great toy. quality is good too
very cute plush, shipping arrive fast!  hey, i just got your order arrived today aug 15th..  it look very cute plush, my young son would love it for his birthday present! , thank you! =)
Great.
So cute!  Well-made!  The clasps are just the right amount of difficult for his little fingers.
Great deal on peppa, her family and most of her friends  Although some contained Ty tags, I doubt they were authentic Ty products. That being said, cute plush toys for my toddler. Great price for the entire crew of peppa, mommy, daddy, George and 8 friends! Can't beat that. They arrived 2 weeks before max date. Very pleased. I liked how mommy & daddy pig are a bit larger... Puts the little ones in perspective
Brand new in new packaging.
Extremely happy with this product. I would definitely buy from this seller again!
The return process is very easy !!!  i am very happy with the best service from Amazone. The procedure for exchange or return product is very simple. I returned this product because its size is small, my daughter likes the bigger one. It was very easy and very fast. Thank you for your good service. i
Gave it to my son for his birthday. He was thrilled. Thank you.
Great addition.  Great addition to my daughter' s Yo Gabba Gabba collection. We absolutely love DJ Lance. We would definitely  recommend this product!
Awesome gift and purchase!  The gift arrived on time and well packaged, along with the little personal note I had asked for. I gave it to a friend for Christmas and she loves it and sleeps with it at night. haha Awesome product and service, thank you!
I'm very happy with my purchase  Well I can tell you this plush is 100% authentic. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Bought this for a baby present and it was too cute!
Adorable!  Great colors, size, and details. Just what I was looking for as a gift and adored by the receiver. Perfect!
Perfect!!  My niece loves it!!! She is 14 months and it's perfect size for her to carry.
Best durable dog toy ever  This toy has been the only surviving dog toy to our siberian husky rescue. She tears through kong squeaky toys in 20 mins and Tuffies within an hour. Chewey still makes that awful noise a month later and has stood up to untold abuse and teeth. I wish I could give 10 stars
perfect gift
terrific product  I absolutely love these things.  They keep my needles in order and the project neat!  They stay put and are hard to loose, which is a problem with small, individual needle-protectors.  I ordered these in all the sizes that I use.  A must-have!
My wife loved it thank you!!
Cute...cute...cute...  One of the most adorable toys I've seen. Our little three-year-old is Mario fanatic. So, we bought him this toy for Christmas. We know he's going to love it because he's been wanting an ice flower for a long time. So, hopefully we can add more plushies to his collection.
Cute and cuddly!  Lovable, cuddly rabbit that our Grandson loves.
Great gift  Great detail and stitching on this plush. A great gift for anyone.
if you love pooh get this  So soft.. so cute.. so lovable, if you love pooh get this.
Thank you very much
Nice gift, grand daughter loved it.  Bought it as a gift for our great granddaughter. She loved Elmo
Soft plush spaceship  Very soft and cute plush toy.
Great Gift For People Of All Ages  I love this plush life size husky! We had a husky puppy that was stolen recently and my kids were devastated. I came across this blue eyed (much like our husky) beauty and I knew I had to get her! We still have hope that someone will bring her back, but for now this collapse n' carry will work just fine! I was pleasantly surprised at how soft it is. I'd compare it to fluffy and soft blanket. My toddler keeps rubbing her face on it and hugging it. I'm so happy that the inflation did not take long, my guess would be about 2 minutes (if that). The instructions on the box do not tell you where the zipper is, however it is located on the back of the puppy, which is where you begin the inflation. I'd recommend give the puppy a good shake prior to inflation because mine did shed a little bit. After I shook it the shedding was minimal and then non existent. Once I got it blown it up it looked exactly as it is shown here, bright blue eyes and all. I have not deflated mine yet so I can't say how easy of difficult the deflation process is. However it does come with a drawstring carrying tote that is awesome for storage if you do need to deflate it. Overall I'm highly impressed with this particular collapse n' carry husky and I intend on purchasing another one for my other daughter!  I received this at a promotional discount to test and provide my impartial review, all opinions are my own.
Very cute and kids loved it.  Thought it was very cute. Gave as gifts.
loved it
Simple, elegant, inexpensive  This mechanical timer is one of the most useful products I have ever purchased. Forget about an irrigation system, this $15 item is all you'll need.  I have high pressure taps and so far the timer has held up well.
Perfect companion!  This is my daughter's FAVORITE plush out of the whole series...She takes Doc EVERYWHERE and sleeps with her at night! I'm so glad that we were able to get this for her and see the joy on her face when she received it...Priceless!
Best friend loved her plush!
Sulley  This toy is adorable. It is one of the best Sulleys that I have seen. It is made of great material. Very happy with Amazon.
Granddaughter loves it
This is possibly the MOST plush stuffed animal I have ever seen. It was given as a gift and it has rocketed to the top of the preferred stuffie in the pecking order.
arrived earlier than expected my daughter loved it!!!
love him  Love him
Awesome
I use this at work as a 'peer to peer' recognition.  My staff can put this on the desk of anyone who is 'reaching their neck out' or going' above and beyond' for our customer's or others on the team.  They all love it!  And love the chance to present it to others or earn it for themselves.
I liked the variety and it made a great Christmas gift for my 5 year old.
It's adorable, soft and my granddaughter is going to love it.
Great Experience  My grandchildren love this hugging Cookie Monster toy! It came in a great time, with good packaging. Product was as described.
One of my best gifts to a dear friend I gave to her before she died inside meaning
My grandson loves this!
My 6 year old Niece LOVED this!  Got this for my 6 year old Niece, she loved it for Christmas!  She is in the "Shopkins Stage" at the moment!  lol The plush came packaged well and was in great condition when it arrived.  The over all quality of the plush itself was good.
amazing QUALITY  I HAVE to assure anyone looking at this that they will be thrilled with it. I bought it online taking a risk before going to Disney world.  Not only were the ones in Disney more expensive (expected) but they were not as nice (not expected).  My amazon purchase was way better than what was in the Polynesian. Fabric was superior, softeness, etc. Who knew?
Love it!
Something to get if you buy the book!  My son bought his 3 year old daughter the book this is based on (A Coconut Named Bob) while we were in Kauai, and when I got home and found this Bob, I bought it for her for her 4th birthday. She loves it; I love it; and her daddy loves it!  It has a zippered pouch she can put small things in.
Smile at the birddie!  Cute, cute real looking parakeet. Perfect for the child that longs for one, but can't have a real one. I wasn't told the color to come, so that part was a surprise. Didn't really matter. This stuffed bird is more like the real thing in size and style. Not a "beany" type. The feet were only half wired, so you cannot perch him like in the picture.
Daughter loves it, she has 4 other princess plush dolls, and we just added this one to her collection. Well made, came as appears, beautiful! She even has little yellow sewn slippers with bows, which I didn't see in the picture.
My son loving it!  My 6 year old son loves his bulbasaur.. this is made out of very good material.
Mega-Cute  Its cute and adorable. The hood can come off if you wish for the pikachu not to wear i.
I bought this for my best friend on her birthday and she absolutely loves it  I bought this for my best friend on her birthday and she absolutely loves it! Can't wait to buy another one for myself!
It's Elmo, you can't really go wrong, right? I bought this as one of our Toys for Tots contributions, so I can't review how well it was liked, but I hope the little one that got it enjoyed it.
Very cute, complete with roar. Small size for price.
Mario bros fun  My daughter was so happy to get Kamek. We make her a good guy who no longer works for Bowser. Very soft and really good quality.
Better than Baby Paper  It's not very many pages, but my baby loves this book. Each page crinkles like baby paper. It's actually cheaper than buying baby paper pieces individually. It is not machine washable. Which makes sense because the book has the crinkle sound making plastic between each page. My baby loves tags, there are 3 tags, and a teething safe corner. I purchased from a local retailer for less, but it was worth every penny.
great!  He is precious, well made, great!
Awesome Bear!  Just as others have posted the Number for the bear is on the shipping box. Neat collectors item for anyone who ever loved a Teddy bear!
My granddaughter loved this!
My niece loved them. Product arrived earlier then estimated  My niece loved them.  Product arrived earlier then estimated.
One of the best plushies ive ever got  good detail and it's a good size. She's worth it. Love the hot pink color if her hair.
Your kids will love it and so will you!  Absolutely adorable!  It repeats what you say in a cute little voice. Grandma, mom and daughter were all laughing while playing with this!  My daughter was 5 years old when she got this.  Got it for a great price on Amazon.  Would recommend as a gift for any age.  There is a turn off switch on the bottom, so it does turn off to preserve battery and so it doesn't just start talking! :)  You do have to pause for a second after you push its foot to start talking to it so it catches everything you say.  You can actually say quite a bit before it cuts you off and starts repeating.
Great busy toy. Fast shipping.  Kept my 3 year old busy on a road trip. She is obsessed with buckles and loved the surprise zipper pocket where I hid a treat for her to find.  Also, even though not eligible for prime shipping, it arrived in only 3 days.
Adorable and nostalgic  Item is just as described. Cheburashka says plenty of funny phrases and sings songs, and the plush parts are so soft! Hope the battery lasts a long time, as there doesn't appear to be a way to replace it.
my son reall likes it  my son loves it
Great.  My daughter absolutely loved it.
Great Goofy to add to her collection!  Our 4-year-old daughter had asked for a big little Goofy for Christmas. So, medium size. . She was very happy when she opened this one and has a new napping buddy!
The mockingbird has a sweet song too  You're probably not supposed to use these as a dog toy, but I do.  My french bulldog LOVES her Wild Republic birds--as soon as one has been sufficiently chewed, we buy another.  The mockingbird has a sweet song too.
Fun mat that keeps baby's interest!  Keeps my baby interested and has been great for a safe place to play. He loves kicking the turtle and grabbing the other animals. The mat washes up easily and dries very quickly (hang dry). I have even washed the animals in the washer (the turtle gets a little moisture in the ball but it dries in a couple days. Great for my 4 month old since he was 8 weeks or so.
Arrived on time and most important it was as per the add description
Hello Kitty Ballerina  My daughter received 2 of these for Christmas and could not be happier! She loves all things Hello Kitty and it doesn't matter if she has 2 of the same-more fun for her!
It's nice and soft  A gift for my little nephew and he loves it. It's nice and soft.
Cute!  My daughter loved it! It's so soft and cute! I recommend this for a sailor moon fan!
Excellent Seller  Excellent product in fantastic condition. My daughter was so happy when she received it.
Good baby toy  Kids love it, a lot smaller than I thought.
great toy! It is so cute  great toy! It is so cute!!!
Blue ribbon bunny ... As they sang it  Good quality, nice and soft. My daughter love it & sleep with the bunny every night. The fur does not cause any allergy and it's nice, short & nicely good quality.
Best Furby  Best Furby present for a baby girl. Arrived on time with perfect packing. Added to existing furby collections and made a big different.
Traveling toy is great  Great toy to take traveling with a 15month old. Especially a lot of driving and him in the car seat. This toy traveled Ireland with us.
My Grandson Loves These Blocks  These are great. My 4 yr.old grandson loves them. We have an older set of smaller blocks and decided to add these. We also bought the 40 pc. set.  They are good quality, sturdy blocks. He just has so much fun building towers, garages, houses, etc.!!
nice  Product and transaction exceeded my expectations.
Cute Pokmon Plush  My grandchildren loved this Psyduck Pokmon Plush.
Great
Made well  Pooh is embroidered on his red top and the stuffed toy is nice and soft and made well
Sweet little elephant  This cute cuddly friend was the perfect gift for my wife to bring back all her childhood memories regarding her favorite TV programme which she watched as a kid and later with our own child. Very well made and super soft.
on the small side but HELLA cute
Really cute and plush. My 3 yr old loves it and he sleeps with him.
My daughter is totally in love with Them The teddy and dinosaur make them be even more cute
Perfect!  Awesome stuffed Elmo! A great size for my 2 year old! This Elmo doesn't shed and hasn't faded or torn, even after many washes.
Deidara  I'm very glad I got him. Deidara arrive very well made, like the details. I always have him around he makes me happy so much. I always have him for company. Very very soft, always take good care him. Best cuddle bud. Can't live without Deidara. Art is an explosion.
Love the natural colors  Bought Pooh, Piglet, and Tigger. I love the colors; they look so much more natural than the usual ones you see. And they look sturdy, like they'll hold up to kids using them. I am happy to find natural stuffed animals since they hold them so much.
Super soft plush fabric. I love it
My daughter's favorite stuffed animal!  This pug dog is a favorite of my daughter's so we bought another for a friend. Very Cute! Holds up well after numerous washes too!
So Cute!
My 18 month old son LOVES this toy! He doesn't sit still for anything but will sit still for at least 20 minutes playing with this! He has already mastered buckling the buckles and signs help to have us unbuckle them so he can start again!
my 18 month old and 3 year old both love it. It walks around and barks  my 18 month old and 3 year old both love it.  It walks around and barks.  Good deal for what I paid.
He looks really good.
Flying cow  I had no idea they went 'moooo' when they hit the floor. They're hystrical! I bought one for everyone at Christmas.  After dinner they opened their gift bag and we shot them at each other.  They were a big hit.
One of the few "cute" face huggers available.  This thing is great.  I got it for my 14month old.  Most people think its just some cut octopus.  People in the know think it's absolutely awesome.  This one was particularly nice because it has a smiley face.  There are others available but they look more sinister.  Recommended for the Alien fan dads (or moms) out there.
Exactly as described
Cute well made
Nice quality! Good gift for any SAO fan.
Cute Sloth for Decoration  Cute Sloth stuffed animal, a sweet addition to any room!
Great buy!
Love it!
Love our family elf!  I "signed up" for the elf program a couple of years ago & Shelia Ann Elve (that's what I put on her passport) started to visit my family every year from the start of December until Christmas Eve. I learned about the "Elf visiting program" on a Christmas Organizing site, we missed last year (family moved into new house in October & had tons of work to do on it so a lot of stuff remained in storage, we missed the elf) & my kids have asked since about Halloween or earlier if they would have a visit from their elf, would it be the same one, etc. The kids range from now 3 to 18 years old. They all get in on the act, not sure who has done what. We have found her in the fridge on a shelf, ontop of a counter face down in the leftover Halloween candy stash, on various beds & dressers in the house, on bookshelves with a book in hand, on the table with cookie crumbs around her, you name it she has been all over our home & I know that some of the positioning has not been by myself or my husband.  I would defenitely say to check out the Elf Ideas & have a Sheila elf relative visit your home also. It's a ton of fun, she arrived at our house just today while I was at work & the kids have made her a bed already & fed her. Happy Holidays!
great item!  My son was very pleased with his new Iguana! I was impressed with the detail and texture. Overall a great stuffed toy.
highly recommend this seller  Great transaction ! Added a lot of joy to my daughter's collection.  Thank you!
Perfect size for using as a table centerpiece for my baby shower.
Perfect for zelda fans  This is by far the best link plush. If you are in the market for a Link plush, get this one, preferably the large one ( It was actually cheaper). This plush is extremely soft. About two years ago, I picked the phantom hourglass one over this one. That was one of the worst decisions you could make. The P.H. one feels cheep and looks bootleg. The windwaker one feels much softer and higher quality. This plush is perfect for a zelda fan. Look no farther.
Love it. Larger than it appears online
Just like the picture  Just like the picture. Very cute! Only need Neptune, Moon, and chibimoon, and Saturn to complete the set. <3
Super soft and durable  Item is exactly as described. We were gifted one for my newborn son and now 3 1/2 yrs later it's his favorite. We bought this one as a backup in case the original gets lost.
SO FLUFFY
Great desk buddies.  Yes, I am a Mincecraft player. Not an addict, but a player. And I've always loved Enders and Creepers, because they're, well, creepy. lol  Only problem is that my cat stole them from me so she could cuddle them when she sleeps. Included is a picture of her pouting when I found her sleeping spot and my stolen items.
Happy  Happy buyer, happy child, happy household !!  This was a favorite for my grandchild and that certainly makes "Nana" happy.
My grandson loves this
Looks good. It was a gift and they enjoyed it
T he plush is very huggable and just the right size!
Soft & Lovable Winnie  My granddaughter loves Winnie and this Winnie is so plush and huggable!  She carries him everywhere and often uses him for a pillow when watching her Winnie the Pooh DVD's.
Great item  Arrived quickly, and looked exactly like the picture on Amazon.  Unlike many plushes out there, this one is well constructed.  Very solid material, great stitching.  This will hold up.  This is the droid you're looking for.
Cute  It's so adorable! I bought the pink Sebastian cow plush, too, and with the blue Ciel cow plush, the set was complete. 
my daughter likes it  Its a Shrek stuffed toy, it has one saying and my daughter enjoys playing with him, I bought him as a joke for the wife because she teases and calls me an ogre
Love the natural colors  Love the natural colors and organic content.
Great product!!!! Very well made
Just fine  The box it came in was severely damaged but this was fine. It's cute. It was in a plastic bag which I am thankful for because had it rained it would have been soaked. It's your typical TY beanie baby.
eh normal!
Love the doll!  I brought the doll for my boyfriend's sister baby shower as a gift. I made a bicycle from using pampers, receiving blankets, baby book and a bottle. I thought the doll would been cool to look like she's riding the bike. She is so cute, I had to buy her! Her and her husband love it so much that she took a pic of it and sent it to me. Now she will give the doll to her newborn daughter that will arrive April!
Great toy!  My baby loves this toy. My oldest son even tries to take it from him so they end up fighting over it they like it so much. Would deffinetily recommend this toy.
Very nice quality
good doll  bigger than I thought it would be and my kids love it.they love to play Mario and it is good quality
This is a gift purchased for my seven year old son.  The puppy is very cute and the lights are bright and amazing.  I know he will love this adorable and unique gift!
Great Stuart Hat  Great item for the price!  Just what I expected.
This Olaf is adorable!  This is adorable, and so well made! it is larger than it looks--My Olaf-loving, five-year-old granddaughter will not let go of it!
cute  granddaughter loves this. is just the right size for her to carry around
Arrived just like it's pictured and on time my daughter loves it
Good quality  Held up well against two 3 year olds. Bought another so they could both have one. Looks like Fuli
Barney I Love You Doll  My grandaughter loves Barney and the Barney Song.  She is only one year old and one of the first words she spoke was "Barney".  This doll is the exact replica as the one shown on the Barney show and the song is the exact song Barney sings at all shows.
Pascal  Excellant toy for our 8yr old.  Great quality and very cute! Seem to be of high quality, we will follow up in about 3 months
My granddaughter loved it.
Great product as advertised
Perfect fit for my granddaughters hands.
My daughter loves her ballerina doll. Do note that this item is only the doll.
kids learn  educational and fun for kids to learn about microbes... a little spendy but there's nothing else like them out there.....
babies loves it
Great toy for babies - I love that I can buckle it to a stroller or shopping cart too
Love love love  Super cute! Stupid face
Almost flawless  The colors are perfect, but the fins on its head, are very floppy. The image is a bit misleading, but it is still a very lovely plushy.
cute plushie
My daughter lovesssss these mermaid dolls. This was the second one we bought 
Super cool
Rilakkuma plushie  This thing is SO FREAKING ADORABLE! I love him sosossoso much! I'm glad I went with this plushie rather than a traditional type one. Very good price for the item as well, and the quality is great. Very happy with this purchase!!
Great
Adorable doll for bath or pool!  My daughter loves this toy in the bath! Easy to wash and dry- comes out looking like new every time! I love the duck that's attached so it doesn't get lost.
My grandson loves this.
animal muppet  Terrific reminder of the past!  My kids had all the muppets and animal was always their favorite. Going to put him under the tree and watch the reactions when they all come in. They are in their 50's now!
Product was great arrive on time
Better than expected....  Good quality, large plush toy. Usually you buy a plush toy for this amount and you get a mini little thing, but not this one, it's nicely sized.
Shipping was fast and the minion was perfect.  It will make an awesome Christmas gift!  Thank you!
Great for the the Doctor Who fan.  Soft and makes noise.
Great Portal Companion Cube  As soon as I saw this companion cube, I instantly wanted to buy one! Be sure to add up the shipping price with the actual product price before buying. Thinkgeek is selling one for $30.00+$8.99 in shipping; Everest Bazaar is selling one for $38.95 with free shipping, so that's actually 4 cents cheaper. I bought mine with free shipping and Amazon said it would arrive within 5-8 business days. It arrived in 3. I had it for a few days, and I noticed some small holes on the stitching. This really disappointed me. The holes haven't gotten any bigger, and I don't think the stuffing has come out at all. If it has, I haven't noticed. It enjoys watching me play portal and portal 2, watching TV or a movie or just being cuddled with. I sleep with it every night, and it comforts me if I had a bad dream. Sadly, it gets lonely if I'm away too long. In conclusion, this is a great little companion cube for anyone who has played portal and/or portal 2.
Arrived on time, and met my expectations!
Really good  I love this plush it have everything to the game bowser Jr. The bib the bracelet around it arms the shell all in all it a good plush in my OPINION not yours
It was exciting what we expected.
Never deny the comfort  When I got these there was so much warmth and comfort inside. One great source of posing as a dragon, dinosaur, crocodile, or any other giant reptilian monster. I felt astonished as getting these for Christmas and very proud of this.  Oh and also my old ones broke after a couple years so I may get a new pair. But these are not made for breakdowns. They're made for comfort.
Adorable!
Really cute fluffy and fantastic customer service!
She loves it!
Grandson LOVES his Crush and Squirt!!!!
Awesome  It was great bought it for my nephew. He is a big Mickey Mouse fan. Quality was great shipping was fast and free with prime.
Great
awesome little fellow he fits with his minion buddies in the back of my 1930 Ford
Super cute  Fluffy and cute, I love it.
Love this little guy. So cute
Fun little PvsZ toy  My boys love it!
AWESOME!
My niece loved it !
Great for One The Go!  I give Taggies products as gifts whenever I have the opportunity and like the rest, this was a smashing success!  The ring makes it easy to attach to strollers, cribs, etc and also gives kids another texture to chew on.  Kudos to whoever figured out that super soft fabric + tags = amazing kids toys!
Great product
soft and lovable.  adorable mary meyer lovable plush chicken.  my pup loves the chicken.  the chicken is also a cute display toy.
Very Plush!  My son collects platypuses and loved this one! It's very plush, realistic, and well made. We've purchased several playpuses from Amazon and this was my favorite.
Prefect Gift  The gift was greatly appreciated by a 4 year old.
Very soft fabric
Rawr  Looks nice, feels nice and soft, seams seem to be well put together, and c'mon, this thing is cute.
Great gift  This little Santa Snoopy was a big hit with my niece! He's adorable in his little boots. Any Snoopy fan would be happy with this and I certainly was too.
Just what I was hoping for  Very cute! Perfect. As described Thank you
ELMO!  This is very cute, and sweet.  However, my niece chunked it across the room and didn't care for Elmo.  I think she just doesn't want to go to bed and knows what that music meant.  Really, she isn't in to dolls and stuffed animals so much.  I hope she is not discriminating towards Sesame Street characters cause that would be horrible.  Hopefully she will have a change of heart when she reaches 2.
boyfriend loves it, smaller then i thought but fast shipping.
best gift for kingdom hearts fans out there!!
Loves it.  I know my granddaughter loves this doll. She sleeps with it every night.
she loved it.  Gift for my 5 year old granddaughter. she loved it..
very cute
Great gift idea  I've given this, along with Llama Llama's Little Library, as a baby shower gift.  It's something that can be used when the child is a bit older, as opposed to all the gifts used right away, like bibs or bottles.  I also bought one for my 2 year old's second birthday, and she loves her "nah nah", as she calls him.  She grabs him, and cuddles him while we read our Llama Llama books together.
wonderful
I purchased Mr. Jones as a Birthday Present for my Daughter, so she and our 10 year old Leopard Gecko, could play with.  He is a big hit with the both of them.
Love  My daughter loves it!
My daughter loved it.
this is super cute, my girlfriend loved it  Okay, this is super cute, my girlfriend loved it.  Very lifelike.
Great soft toy  Our daughter loves it!!! She holds it to sleep every night.  Its the softest plush toy we have!  Great quality!!! Worth every penny!
My son's favorite!  My son is a big Mario fan, and he loves this.  It goes everywhere with us.  Well made, sturdy, and looks authentic.  Our onlt gripe was that he found it before Christmas!
My God son just loves it.
Riolu.  Physiology: Riolu is a small, blue, dog-like Pokmon. Its legs and torso are colored black. Riolu's tail is blue and it has a yellow collar. There are rounded bumps on the backs of Riolu's forepaws, which could be the beginnings of the spikes on Lucario's forepaws. Riolu has a black "mask" and red eyes. Like Lucario, Riolu stands on its toes instead of its entire foot.  Gender differences: None.  Special abilities; Riolu are sensitive to a special type of energy called Aura. Riolu's evolved form, Lucario, can use these waves to attack, or study these waves to predict the movements of their opponents, and use them to track anyone. However, Riolu does not have the ability to fully use these powers, although it can still emanate these waves to communicate and sense them - albeit only in "ripples" as opposed to the "waves" of energy its evolution can sense and guide. Most notably, it cannot learn Aura Sphere naturally, a move that Lucario learns that is often attributed to its aura powers, although through Pokmon Ranger: Shadows of Almia, a Level 30 Riolu that knows Aura Sphere can be obtained through a special mission. Riolu does have a remarkably similar movepool to the Hitmons. Like almost all Fighting-type Pokmon, Riolu naturally has superhuman strength, stamina, and endurance and is capable of making long journeys on foot in a short amount of time.  Behavior: Riolu are playful, energetic, and loyal.  Habitat: Wild Riolu once resided in the Challenger's Cave in Unova, but when the cave entrance collapsed, they moved their habitat to Sangi Ranch. Some have also been imported to Johto's Safari Zone.  Diet: Main article: Pokmon food
Great plush, love the heartless.  I bought this for my friend for her birthday, she already had one...but you can never have too many heartless!
Excellent buy kids were all happy
My 7 year old loves it, and reads the books with Dog Man.
Such great detail! Expensive  So cute! Such great detail! Expensive, but worth every penny!!
This is one of the cutest things on the planet. Also it looks like the Charizard 'costume' actually IS a costume on the Pikachu and could be removed if I removed the stitches holding it on, which is extra neat.
This guy is adorable, exactly as pictured
Great Backpack  great seller, great product..... Thanks
Super cute gift for babies! We love Elmo.
Nice!
Great job!  Again another order and it was exactly what was described and on time for my daughter's birthday!
SO FUN!  a new tradition for our family! SO FUN!
Super cute! Came in perfect condition. Good quality too :)
Great gift  Ten yr old grandson loved movie and this character, good quality and soft stuffed toy, just the right size for any kid.
My niece loves her
Sony Blank DVDs Purchase  Hard to find this brand of blank dvds in stores now-a-days.  I'm glad this was available, and for a good price too. Thanks!
So cute.  Lucky is a charm.  Such a fun little guy.  We started a "hide" the character game a couple of years ago with our granddaughter.  We do it seasonally and Lucky just fit the bill for St. Patrick's Day.  Lucky has had many adventures since we got him and vacations for several months as we wait for his return.
High quality  Super cute, very soft, high quality.  I gave this as a gift to accompany a donation to sea otter rescue.
Fun and educational  I have a collection of these microbes and this one is very cute with the zipper to see the inside!
Well made and cute  I was looking for a mermaid doll that looked cute and was soft. This doll is very well made and nice small size for my 1.5 year old! Definitely recommend!
But two of them so I can have one inside out really neat item but the legs are very flimsy and the wings to
Nice!  I was very happy with the doll, it was a gift for someone and she cried she was so happy.
My grandson is very happy  Lovely
perfect!  Got this for my niece for Christmas.  PP is hard to find in our area, so i was very happy to find this.
Good quality. Successful X-Mas Gift
Well made and my daughter loves it
Cute plush doll  My son loves FROZEN and Elsa. Get it with Anna and Olaf and have a tea party with them all.
An adorable Pug plush dog. My granddaughter loves her so much and calls hers "Penny"
Great for an active kids imagination  It'sa Me! Mario!  Yep.  Same quality as the Luigi.  Great for an active kids imagination.  Great Quality.
Super cute  My 16 months old LOVES Elmo, I got him this one and he sleeps with, he kisses it and hugs it. I feel like I should wash it though. It's made in China, FYI.
Worth it.  This adorable Snorlax came two weeks early, which was AWESOME! and it's exactly the size they say it is (I measured the doll to be sure). My brother love's it and sleeps with it every night.
Riolu  I like it
The only T-square you will ever need to own  Superb, quality, accurate, practical, and indispensable are all words that describe this awesome tool. Precision machined grooves lock the two pieces together at a perfect 90 degrees, with an easily adjustable star knob holding everything in place.  With the handy star knob, you can easily slide the head of the T down to 48" inches to use on standard 4' foot drywall. When you encounter a job with 54" inch drywall, simply slide the head back up to 54" inches.  When you are done using it, loosen the star knob and the head folds down to create a compact package that can be slipped into almost any already crowded jobsite toolbox or work truck. I would recommend this USA built T-square to any serious drywall professional that encounters 54" inch drywall, even on a limited basis. This one does it all.
My grandson absolutely loves this Red Panda with baby, he did immediately take them apart with no damage to either one.
my nieces LOVED the assorted characters
Great purchase  Great quality and perfect size
it was wonderful
Nice plush!
This buckle penguin was adorable!!  This buckle penguin was adorable!!!! Gave it AC a present and it was a huge hit.  So cute, soft and great bright buckles. Will buy again for presents!
Cute  Very cute stuffed animal.
Zombie toys  granddaughter loved these plush toys. I, however, hate that she does like these zombie toys!
Perfect size, just what I was looking for.
Grand daughter's gift!  I liked them real well.  I saved by buying them on line.  Krista said she really likes them, much better then her first set.  They were along the same line, but no red dot.  She likes that.  Thank you  Margann
sweet
item as described and quick delivery. One is much easier to honk than the other
Eric is Awesome  My 4 year old daughter loves the two Happy Feet movies and when we gave her this stuffed Eric, she fell in love with it immediately. Its soft and cuddly with a charming little voice that she adores. I highly recommend it for any penguin fan.
Soft, head rattles, cute. The rattle isn't too loud or obnoxious. My son doesn't play with it yet, but he's only 2 months old. I do use it in pictures for size comparison as he grows!
Was good quality and my granddaughter loves it!!
Love it!
Quality plush  Arrived as described
100% satisfied.  I got Sebastian a while back, so I knew that I just had to Ciel to go with him. This doll is absolutely adorable. It's sturdy and has a couple of cute little details that I usually don't see on plushies. I was pleasantly surprised to find the eye patch lifts slightly so you can see the pentagram underneath. The eyes are actually embroidered, which is nice. He's so soft and cuddly. I'm glad that I got him.
My son loved it!!!
Perfectly wonderful experience!
My granddaughter is excited.  She watches wiggles on YouTube and holds on to Dorothy.
A wonderful gift for our great grand daughter  This was a gift for our great grand daughter, and she loved it! That meets my expectation.
nice  Came quickly, nice products
Perfect for fun  Perfect size for little ones.  Hours of fun ahead. Be prepared.  You won't be disappointed.
cutie  What a cutie. It's not Toothless though; Toothless only has half a tail.  Kind of wish the mouth was closed.
Love!  Loved it!! So cute!
A must have for any webkinz collector ! ~*  This is def. a must have, for any webkinz collector! I am a avid webkinz collector with over 100+ webkinz, and this is def. one of the best yet! I really recommend this pet.  It has stitches throughout the whole body, and crazy looking googly eyes. His virtual color is a darker green than his plush version . If you want more detail I recommend looking on youtube for videos of this amazing pet ! (: !
Good gift!  Gave it to a good friend of mine, they were super pleased. They were a big fan of the movie and got the reference right away.
Product was great, just as described
Good product  I love this shampoo and use it all the time on all of my three dogs. This oatmeal based shampoo cleans my dogs and helps keep their coats soft.
Awesome
<3  Who doesn't want a Weighted Companion Cube, I mean, purchasing one is like saving one more from being dropped into a fiery furnace. Totally worth the purchase, even if it isn't life size.
Super excited for my son to get this for Christmas!!!
Hours of entertainment  I bought this for my 17 month old Grandson who loves to buckle the highchair and shopping cart seat belt.  He loves this toy. He cannot unbuckle them yet but shows me which one he wants to do next. I am pleased with the quality of the toy and like the sewn in numbers and shapes.
so we bought these for him as a nice surprise. He loves them  My 7 year old is a Minecraft fanatic, so we bought these for him as a nice surprise.  He loves them.  They are soft, and the size I was expecting.  If you kid loves Minecraft - you can't go wrong with these.  Also, they arrived even early than expected.  Because they come from overseas, they put our expected delivery out about 1 to 1 1/2 months.  These came before the month and arrived in perfect condition.
nakia bradley  I LOVE MY MISS PIGGY PLUSH TOYS WENT I START TO PLAY WITH A IT AND IT COME IN THE PACKING FOR GOOD
Micro-Ludo  Really cute little plushy. My daughter loved it. When it says 9 inches, it does not lie.
Good quality  Appears to be good quality and it was slightly cheaper then a local department store.  Seriously, the min word requirement needs to be lowered.
Best Princess Peach Plush Ever!!!!  I bought this product on February 13th 2017, the shipping was very fast and it wasn't prime. So you save money Princess peach arrived on February 16th 2017. She looked exactly like the picture! Thank you!
SOFT!!!!  Arrived 6 days early! It's a little derpy, but it is adorable and SOOOOOO soft!
Excellent! Very satisfied with my purchase!
2 year old loves this.
Luigi would be a Fox!  Mario's face is round, and Luigi's face is long. In Japan, they call this, "Tanuki-kao" and "Kitsune-kao." Knowing this, I could not help but get excited over seeing a fox Luigi! First time I ever saw fox Luigi was on a videogame review show I like to watch. Seeing it, I immediately went to Amazon to buy it as I simply must have Kitsune Luigi! I absolutely LOVE this little doll. He is so very soft and cuddly like a little fox. Will probably get Tanuki Mario some day to keep Kitsune Luigi company. I got this one first as I love Luigi and I love foxes. The price couldn't be beat! I thought he'd be more than what he was! Mario collector fans of all ages, this is a MUST HAVE!
Oh my gosh, he is adorable!  So, my dad and I play gift-jokes on each other. He enjoys my funny religious gifts and I get weird gifts from him. This Jesus Little Thinker is the latest gift and absolutely hilarious. Well-made, good size, and cuddly.
Pirate's Cove  Make sure you keep an eye on him!
Brand spanking new and arrived as expected
My 7 month old LOVES this bunny  Not only is the bunny super-cute, but it's well made and just the right size for my little one. I love that the fur doesn't "shed" when my daughter puts the stuffed animal to her mouth. It's also really soft, well-constructed and cute. I'd buy this again.
he loved them.  These were a big hit with my grandson,  he loved them.
Ty Beanie Baby Dora the explorer  This beanie is just right for my niece's daughter. I'm buying for my niece's 6 kids so it has to be just right.:-) Her daughter is so rambunctious and fun loving I know she'll love it!
Great Toy  The Love of my life...my 23 month old daughter LOVES Lilo and Stitch. She could watch the movie over and over and not get tired of it. When I purchased this for her and gave it to her, her eyes lit up, and it was all smile from cheek to cheek! She loves him. Great toy and quality!  Highly recommend it for any Lilo and Stitch lover. I can't lie...I have watched the movie with my daughter so many times that I enjoy it now.  The things we do for our children!
My daughter was very pleased with her elfs
huggable size ...19 inch is from head to tail so may appear smaller.
Thoughtfull and meaningfull gift  I bought this Baby Pegasus a while ago as a gift for my boyfriend. One day we were watching Hercules and he metionned with much excitement about having a baby Pegasus when he was little. He had no idea what happened to Pegasus, so I thought it would be a gift or him.  I did so much seach to get the right Pegasus, I went to a Disney store, website, Ebay, you name it! My boyfriend loved it! He was very impressed on how soft the plush was. The size of the plush is pretty good (not too big or too small). I would buy it again if I had to.
Soooo cute  Soooo cute
Smart and Fun  My 1 year old son was excited when I opened his new toy. We pulled Cody out of the box and he hugged him right from the start. I showed him how to push his heart, and squeeze his hands and feet. We have already taught our son to give high five, so you can imagine his delight when Cody asked him for a high five. It made this mommy smile to see her Little Man giving this cute little cuddly bear a high five.  You don't have to connect this bear to your computer but I highly recommend it. Right out of the box this toy is fun for your little ones but if you connect this Smart Cub to your computer you'll get so much more. Wouldn't your child love a toy that was personalized just for them? That bit of extra time it takes (and with a short USB cord, which is a bummer), is very worth it.  I love that this bear is educational and fun for my Little Man. Even my 5  year old daughter enjoys playing with Cody the Smark Cub.  I received this product in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are my own.
Great construction. My one minor complaint is that the doll is packaged with the shirt folded up to show the plastic gem. This makes an enormous amount of sense in presenting the excellent product, but the resulting crease in the vinyl-like surface of the star has been stubborn. Perhaps there is a trick to smoothing it out I haven't tried, though. Otherwise, this a great doll I'm sure any fan of Steven and the Crystal Gems will enjoy.
recommend  The loon was delivered on time as promised and is so cute and the sound is good. I know my granddaughter is going to enjoy playing with "her birds" as she is getting a total of six from this seller for her birthday and Christmas
Cute for collectors  I can't rate how much fun, educational or durable this toy is. I have it w/ the rest of my stuffed giraffes that don't get played with. It apears to be very durable & I would buy it for a child to play with. Very, very soft & squishy.
Perfect first stuffed animal  Perfect first stuffed animal. Super soft and floppy for any little one to carry around.  The eyes, nose and mouth are embroidered so you don't have to worry about these parts coming off posing a choking hazard.  Highly recommend, given as a gift with This Little Piggy Went to Prada and the Mom loved it.
the kids were very happy with them
Looks great!
Cute toy
My son loves it.
watch my stream  best carbuncle EVER!!!! So soft. Deceptively soft. I love it.
Was pleased  Was happy with purchase
Looks just like the picture
Great value  This was a hit! Very plush and great value.
I was disappointed. I thought that they were little plastic ponies  I guess I missed the part that said these were stuffed ponies. I was disappointed. I thought that they were little plastic ponies. I am happy to report that my 4 year old granddaughter who got these for Christmas was very happy and so it's a 5 star review!
My Granddaughter loves it!  My almost 2 year old granddaughter knew exactly who it was when she spotted it up on a shelf in my closet. I ended up giving it to her before her birthday because she loved it so much! She is quite the fan of Winnie-the-Pooh and Friends.
It was ok
Got this for my grand sons Birthday and he loves it.
Perfect  My son loved this!
Cute  Bullseye, what can you say, very cute and good for small children, no sharp edges or little attachments that a child could swallow.
GREAT toy for toddlers!! Very happy with this! Would like to find more toys like this.
Cute, soft and cuddly!  My grandson loves Elmo and he loves sleeping with this one when he comes to visit!
Cute and cuddly  Rotom here is really soft. I mean REALLY soft. Rub-against-your-face soft. Not much to say. He's adorable and an accurate depiction. I hope to have all the forms one day.
Awesome My daughter loves them  I got these for my daughter's 5th Birthday and they are Awesome My daughter loves them... You gotta get both sisters
Bought this for Xmas - great quality and fun to wear. it's huge!!  This is a great slipper for the kids and adults with the right size feet.  It's hard to tell from the picture, but the quality of this slipper is really good. The size is bigger than I thought, so when someone slip this on, it's quite funny to look at walking around in this giant slippers.  The tongue and eye-balls are a nice touch. My daughter loves it.
Really great product. I love it and would recommend it to anyone in needs of a similar item.
Cute!  This is a great sized Elmo for my 1 year old. He is soft and bright and looks very friendly.
daughter loves it
Adorable
All of these things are very cute.  I have ordered several of these things over the years. They're all cute, have funny tags, and are well made. This one is slightly less exciting than the others because it is all one color and without any hair/cilia/etc. It's still a good pick though with a informative/funny tag about the black death.
Sophia plush toy  This was a gift.  I suppose it was fine.
Buy this you need this in your life  Very well made Psyduck. Smaller than expected but a pretty awesome size and cute too ^_^
Very cute good price used as party favors for my sons monster party
Uppy has ear wings  The color of Uppy is an intense pink/rose...very nice color. Wish I had ear wings. Just think of the sounds you could hear and then fly off to follow them.
excellent
Kids loved them!
Would recommend.  I purchase this as a Valentine's Day gift for my niece. Unfortunately 2 days after giving it to her she vomited all over it. We soaked, washed and dried it and it held up well. Would recommend.
"Let it go" sometimes despite things one cannot control.  Frozen's Olaf Sven set.  Sent to me me brand new and on time.  The Olaf & Sven duo are a great addition to my Ty Beanie collection.  Thanks again.
Very well made Soft Plush material.  Bought the Daisy with the Donald. Very well made Soft Plush material. Now 5 yr old god daughter can carry around all her favorite Mickey Mouse Clubhouse charactors !
Love it!  Easily the most adorable pig plush out there. Easy to clean as well after accidentally getting some dirt on it. Just use some Oxiclean and wipe it down.
Whoever loves cookie monster...perfect gift  Daughter loves this toy. She has Elmo and all of the sudden she took a loving to cookie monster.
Great item and cheap
Such a cute plush toy! Ears, hand, and feet made of hard plastic.
MY Granddaughter LOVES Room on the Broom. I ordered this for her and it arrived in a week . the doll is just what I expected.
My 18 month old loves this toy
Awesome for that little one that loves planes!  This is a fun soft toy for the 2-3 year old that loves airplanes.  I gave this as a gift and it was loved by the little guy who got it.  Easy to handle, no sharp points and who doesn't love the blue angels!!!!
As expected  What I expected
BEAUTIFUL. ADORABLE  BEAUTIFUL. ADORABLE. SO SOFT.  My 1 year old niece loves this Elmo doll.  Great for little ones to carry around.  Totally huggable.
Must have for Disney fans
cute  This Jirachi will be great in my Pokemon plush collection for a long time to come. I can't believe i didn't buy one yet. This is gonna go great in my room.  Update: this Jirachi plush makes a great sleeping buddy for those who can't get to sleep at night without cuddling something. He's so soft and will probably sleep with me a lot
Great Kisuke Urahara plushy  When I saw the plush on amazon I couldn't stop laughing every time I saw it, I came across it multiple times when looking for bleach wallscrolls and because it kept making me laugh I just HAD to buy it. It's now sitting cute and smiling next to my monitor.  I have no regrets at all spending my money on this plush, it arrived in good condition, it's not to big and not to small, and it has a durable and quite soft fabric.  Conclusion: If you want a funny, cute, cheering up Bleach plushy than this is the one you should get!
The child loved this toy  The child loved this toy. It was not easy finding this particular size in my location so Amazon made it very convenient.
Oh it was awesome!
Great for longer car rides  My 18 month old loves this!  Great for longer car rides, it kept her busy for 20-30 minutes at a time.  She had no issues with the strap lengths, as other reviewers have mentioned...very easy for her to snap together.  Little flaps are a nice added feature.
It was as advertised
The Cutest  Boo must be the cutest dog in the world because both my kids love him!  I had to get one for each of them to play with and hug at bedtime.  He is a good size for little kids and when he gets dirty, he gets popped into the laundry for a dog wash!
So precious and well made  TOO Cute! I bought three for my children. They love them so much at christmas time I bring them out and they are so soft and snuggly and plush. They love to snuggle with them while we watch the movie that goes along with him. So sweet and makes for fond memories.
Awesome
great for kids collection  Very happy with this purchase, have 5 and 3 year olds who like to act out their own "videos" with all of their mario plush people.  Was happy I was able to start getting the koopa kids.
Bought this for my 2 girls 6 and 11 both loved it .would make great gift for any girl who loves the movie
Very nice toy, if you like Death Note  My son loved this one.  It is a very stylized plush from the Death Note videos.  Well made.
Good buy  My Son loves it !! Good buy
Soft and Sweet  My grand daughter loved this doll.
Recommend for ALL Ludo fans!  An amazing toy for all Ludo fans! I bought this for my daughter and see loves it. The only thing is, is that one of the arms was sewn on backwards! But that made him even more special. The fabric is great quality, and the plush is very nice to hug.
need to make more master lock 533DPF Shrouded Chrome Padlocks.
More than cute  The picture of this stuffed animal is very cute. It was a little more money than I had been spending on the Disney stuffed animals to go with the movies but the picture of him was so cute I had to buy it and I could not have been happier with it. He is my grandsons favorite stuffed animal. He is everything I could have hoped for and more. It's just colorful and soft and adorable. The little extra money was well worth it. This monster will be hugged and played with and slept with for years to come.
Cute Elmo plush.
Very cute!  Excellent accompaniment to the book.  Great as a baby shower gift. Toy is well made and the clothes come off for dressing.
My daughter loves her bear she won't stop playing with her cora
angry bird stuffies  i purchsed 5 of the stuffed angry birds for my 2 and a half year old grandson for Christams.  Not sure of how good the quality was and was happy to see they were excellent in their construction and the colors were bright and he loves them.
My grandson loves the five nights at Freddy's toys.
My grandson loves it.
Grand daughter loved it and she's very picky  Grand daughter loved it and she's very picky. So I ordered another for another grand daughter price and quality very good.
My daughter loves it!
Yes!  Bought this for my best friend who is about to turn 21! Now he can go around telling everyone that my wife & I gave him chlamydia for his 21st! Over all great product. Love that it comes with its own little bio card!
Great  Loved it!
Very cute.  Adorable. Cracks me up.
Quality great, being enjoyed
SWEET BIRDY!  I love this! It came right on time and in the full packaging. It was the exact size I wanted it to be. Can't stand on it's own, but whatever.
Cuddly  Cutest ever and so soft.
My son bought this with his christmas money and loves it. I didn't have high expectations for the quality but was pleasantly surprised.
Hospital stay  My sister loves this and it made her stay in the hospital good
Awesome keg  Little pricy I know but this is a brand new high quality product made in Italy. Works perfectly in my cooler converted into a draft system.
Actually a really good buy! The keychains do not seem cheap, they are soft and fluffy!
My daughter loved it.
Bedtime Elmo doll  Perfect bedtime size doll. Everything including the eyes is soft.
Was delivered very quickly and was perfect: my son LOVED it!
Gift  I bought three of the furby this year for my grandchildren. They are fun to watch and listen too. They speak clear enough that you can understand what they are saying.
What can't you love about a panda-domo?  My kid loves it.
perfect
Great!
grand daughter loves it!  I found it to be so cute and cuddly. She cant wait for grandma to get her the Pusheen birthday items fro her birthday!
it is so cute like the mickey one but I can't stop looking at them  So cute
Came as Expected  Tbh, I thought this was gonna be crap according to the reviews. But Amazon, you pulled through
Great.  N.
he goes where we go.  My daughter is obsessed. He goes wherever we go so he takes a beating. Cleans up easily.
So gorgeous  It's just so gorgeous everytime I see it I sob tears of joy. This is so gorgeous that if you happen to gaze upon it your life will change forever. The wings are not stiff so you can make it fly if you're not distracted by it's utter beauty. I don't give it 5 stars, I give it infinite stars.
Adorable!
Great for your Paw Patrol Fan  These Paw Patrol plush characters are really cute and would be a great addition to any stocking. I have bought 4 total and am excited to give them to my kids this Christmas.
Great gift for toddlers and young kids  Cute/Adorable.  Great gift for toddlers and young kids!
The best plush ever!  It's so cute! It arrived in 4 days! The plush is so soft and cuddly! It is also hard to find, so it's a good deal for this plush! The plush is just the perfect size. Not to small, not to big. I love it! I recommend buying it for sure!
It is loud and makes all the right funny Rabbid sounds  My son loves this Rabbid.  It is loud and makes all the right funny Rabbid sounds.
Great Product
Adorable!  Great Item.
Better quality than I expected and my kids loved them!  Better quality than I expected and my kids loved them! They are a decent size, and robust, and I hid the female one in my daughter's bed, and the male one in my son's bed on Christmas eve, so they woke up to a lovely surprise from Santa on Christmas morning. What a great start to Christmas Day!
Quality is on point and my daughter loves it!
So cute  Elmo talking ABC doll is so cute and my grandson will enjoy it at Christmas.
Granddaughter fell in love with it. Well made and cute.
Great learning assistant.
Grandkids love them!  We bought several of these stuffers, one for each grandkid. They love them - some even stuff school items inside and try to take them t school instead of backpacks. The schools don't like that, so the kids have to leave them home, BUT would rather they were allowed to bring them.
loveable  Cute little plush!
Great Toy for Fun  My granddaughter and grandson loved this toy!  It kept them busy without causing any danger to them or surrounding decorative items! The mooing was just an added bonus - everyone laughed, including the adults!
"Elmoooooo"  "Elmoooo" is what my 18 month old granddaughter exclaimed when I handed him to her one afternoon.  She takes him to bed, hauls him around, dresses him in her own clothes, talks to him...She adores him and I adore her.
Cute  Wonderful little plush, I love it!
Good size, exactly what I wanted  Very cute. Good size, exactly what I wanted.
Perfect!!  This plush is awesome! I got it for my younger brother for his bday and he loved it! I would recommend this product to anyone! Its description is very accurate.
I loved it, my child stole it lol. Will be ordering another soon.
5 stars  its fits very nicely
Love it  My youngest loves him! Was impressed with the quality.
Great product!!! Loved it
Buying the Free! Haru plushie from Amazon.com  Cute Haru plushie does come with sort of shiny dark blue hair. Why that is important is because I was wondering why there seemed to be two different looking editions of Haru in plush form. Seeing as I went with buying from Amazon.com for authenticity's sake I was wondering what version I would get. Based on the other reviewers, of the two versions I got the one some reviewers mentioned is where Haru has dark blue iridescent hair versus the lighter blue colored one. Other than this, this Haru sports a tag with the logo of being licensed by Great Eastern Entertainment the company in California legally allowed to license the Kyoto Animation Free!
It just sits there but then again, it's supposed to.  It's heavy, it's flat, it's level...what a piece of iron should be! I bought this wing basically because I had a hard time buying the a saw to upgrade my portable Craftsman only to find similar parts (i.e. stamped steel wings). Personally I think these wings should be standard on the saw but I know when you are trying to hit a price point, you need to make trade-offs. That being said the wings were the right place to do it. If anyone is buying the 746 table saw, factor in the wings to get what you are really looking for: A quality affordable, stable, accurate saw with low vibration that puts you above the contactor/portable grade without the $$ of a cabinet saw.
A great toy stuffed giraffe  A great toy stuffed giraffe. It is soft, has a great expression and a bonus of standing up on sturdy legs. This was a gift for an 8 yr. old girl who loves giraffes and it was a huge hit-her favorite birthday gift.
The Best Medicine for a Sick Child!  Nothing makes a sick child feel better than sharing his chicken soup with Feel Better Elmo!
Its awesome  My boy lost it when he got his "acorn mario" he won't let go of him. Its awesome
Made Well  This is made very well! No uneven stitching. It has tight seams, no unfinished areas with little strings hanging off (some things that are important but cannot really be evident in pictures online). It's a good size, "stuffed" well, and the fabric is nice. It arrived in great time and is a fair price. I can't wait to give this to my Chupacabra crazy son Christmas Morning!
gift
Great plush!
Elmo  My 15 month old daughter love this.
Authentic  Awesome authentic product. Have brought orhers from this seller.
Great product, we love every detail about it!
Theses plushes make my baby so happy
In a stitch...  Very cute. My granddaughter loves everything Milo and especially Stitch, so this will be a surprising gift.
cute. a little smaller than I thought
Its so soft.  It is so cute.  It is soft and cuddly.  It is well made and just what we were looking for.  Great buy.
Made the girls happy  I ordered 2 sets because it looked like a good product and gave one to my wife and one to our daughter. I have never made so many points with the girls with so little. They love them
I would recommend buying him to anyone  I just want to let you know that Snorlax is awsome!  I would recommend buying him to anyone.  He is just so cute and his fur is so smooth.  He arrived quickly and I am very happy!
Love this! My granddaughter will be thrilled on Christmas!
Was seriously doubting this Wookie! but..  it turns out it is an authentic item!  i mainly bought it for the reason that i wanted a backpack exactly like this for disneyland, i would see people wearing it on their backs and it would look funny. I bought if off amazon based on reviews and what people rated this wookie.  the retail price for this bad boy is 64.99 at disneyland as of Oct '13, so you know why i would try amazon beforehand.  my biggest fear was receiving a knock off product (fake/non-authentic) and having to return it but it turns out it is the same exact product that disney sales! so go on with your purchase! its worth the Wookie!
they're adorable  This is one of three Pokmon Center Original Plush Dolls that I ordered as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter (it was on her Amazon Wish List.) She stated It was well-packaged and it's perfect. She also wrote (regarding all three) Thanks so much, they're adorable.
Adorable  Cutest little guy ever!! Our class name was Chewbacca and this was a perfect class gift. The noise he makes is so cute!
was loved
THANKS
So soft n cuddly  Love!  Arrived faster than expected. I figured for the $ they wouldnt b very soft. Wrong. So soft n cuddly, my 2yo carries them everywhere!
Seven
Great toy  He loves it
Pluuuuuuuuuu  This guy is adorable. Got him as a christmas present for a friend.
but this is still perfect overall!  The right antennae leans to the left for some reason, but this is still perfect overall!
I love it!
Disney/Tim Burton Frankenweenie  She's just darling and soooo soft.  I'm impressed with the material used for her "fur".  I also bought Sparky, and the Sparky Key Chain.  I wouldn't recommend this for a young child because of the lovely fur  on her.  It's sure cute for an older child or Teen. What's not to love about Persephone and Sparky?
It took long enough but my nephew loves it
My wife loves it.....
My grandchildren all love it!  It's the first toy they run to when they come to visit me.  I'm thinking of buying one for each family.
Woow my son said
KID FRIENDLY  The children all loved playing with their new puppet "friends". It kept them busy while driving long way! Great buy!
We ordered this as second set just incase because my son has been attached to it since he was a baby, sleeps with it every night! Still so soft!
Great great
10 out of 10. Would recommend.  Item as described and arrived sooner then expected! They are the actual licensed products and I now have a very happy daughter. I personally wanted the enderman and she wanted the creeper. She has a nasty habit of destroying new toys overnight and that creeper has held up big time. She's in love with him and takes him everywhere. Also, these toys are so soft!
My granddaughter loves this Penguin. She will buckle it and bring it to me to unbuckle just so she can buckle it again.
very nice!  Product came as described, very nice!
Very nice product  Large, durable, and adorable. My sons loves his Hank!
Purchased as Grab-Bag Giveaway [Though I kept this one for myself]  S-o-o-o-o cute. Great toss-around toy with lots of characters to choose from. Love the concept and originality. Love this item.
Great learning toy and easy to travel with.  Great toy for toddlers learning to buckle and zip. Great for travel, not too big to bring on the plane or in a diaper bag.
love love love  Thank you, love love love.
A must for our Mario collection  We are building a Mario plush collection, as is a friend of mine.  The kids love to act out in pretend play with these stuffed characters.  It's the joy of nintendo play without being plugged into a system.  Recommend!
Absolutely adorable!  My sweetheart bought one for me to indulge my charmander obsession and my two-year-old niece liked it so much that I ordered one for her too.  The plush is very cute and chibi but also one of the most accurate ones I've seen (the only thing I noticed that was off was that the forehead is a bit on the long side).  Recommended for charmander fans.
Very cute and soft.  Much smaller than I imagined.
Zuma  My grand daughter loved it!
Enhance Frozen play!  A cute novelty to play Frozen.  This kept our grand children very occupied  as well as a few adults!
This plush giraffe is amazing quality. If mini giraffes were real I or anyone else would mistake this one for real. Best part is my daughter loves it. She went crazy for it and hasn't put it down sense Christmas. It's very easy to clean and still looks brand new after being dragged through the mud. It can stand on its own and the neck is flexible and holds its position (which every you but it in). I would 100% recommend this giraffe!
I loved it and I am sure that the guest receiving this at Christmas this year will love it as well.
Amazing quality.  Really high quality! Stands up on its own. Very soft. A must buy if you like Squirtle. Even the stitching is done really well. Bought as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it. Just keep in mind that it's pretty small.
Beautiful stuffed toy  Bought thia for my daughter, she loved her Pooh Bear instantly. She likes that he can sit up by himself.  Shipping was great, right on time. :-)
Great Gir!  Super cute and good quality!
Lovey  My nephew loves it!!!  Right Size, right charater, silky on the edge, big nose to chew on!  Washes up nicely too.
... and you can tell it just wants to be loved. but no one wants to love it  its so cute and derpy and you can tell it just wants to be loved. but no one wants to love it.
Super small but adorable.
Great collectible for my teenager  This little guy is absolutely perfect! My son's favorite Miyazaki movie is Mononoke and he loves it. Really good quality plush!
Wonderful stuffed animal toy  Wonderful stuffed animal toy. I purchased this for my girlfriend who likes to sleep with a stuffed animal at night and she absolutely loves it.
My Granddaughter loves Diamond....She takes him everywhere she goes.
I bought it for my wife and she loves it!
well pleased
Got this as a gift for my niece, she loved it! Really cut has Disney store tags on it not sure if it's really from there though! Overall happy with this purchase
Happy as can be with his new plushie  A big hit with a gloomy 7-year-old who had been sure he was being short-changed at a family gift exchange!  Happy as can be with his new plushie!
Happy dad to be - great quality.  This will be our daughters favorite you or at least mine. Love the quirky look and feel of it. Quality is great.
My grandson absolutely loved this Manatee!!
Very Nice Plush Toy  This is a very nice sized Hank. Material is soft, and it is like a plush animal you might find in a high end card or gift shop.
Awesome  My sister got her for her birthday and she loved her. We bought her along with Liz Ankara and Death the Kid
Just so cute! What time is it? HUG TIME, my granddaughter loves it and so do I
Great item, very happy
My 2 year old granddaughter just loves Elmo!!
Great organic toy  Very cute and seems well made.  Great organic toy.
perfect size for kids  Well made, perfect size for kids.
Great Doll.
Great toy  Great toy, my 2 year old granddaughter loves it. Added bonus...all the parts stay on the toy, making clean up easy for grandmother
Bought as a prop for a 3 year old's Pinocchio Halloween costume.
grandson  my grandson loved this toy, i bought it for his birthday.  he can play and sleep with it. when he gets up in the morning he plays a little before he wakes us up.
Fun, colorful, baby loved to gnaw on it  Loved it, especially the zipper for hiding stuff. Also we lost it at a family gathering, so it makes a great gift!
My sister loved it, could tell that care that came in packaging it and is perfect!!!
Great gift
Great present for 10 year old Pokemon fan
cute play toys
Doc McStuffins is perfect. Looks just like picture online and correct size.
Beautiful!
It is so cute <3
Needs Pupils. His third eye has one, like...why!?  I drew pupils on him with sharpie & now he's cuter.
So cute
Cuddles  My daughter needed a night light, I thought this was perfect. She loves it! It plays music but we use the light only option at night. During the day we use the music. Brightly colored, cuddly, and fun.
Good price for a larger plush character.  Nice price for a large stuffed animal. Not quite a plush as the one my son wanted from Disney world but half the price.
This fennec fox toy is adorable. One of the cutest stuffed toys I have ever seen. My daughter loves it.
love zombie plush toys  Grandson enjoying all of his zombie plush toys.  Delivery was quicker than expected.
Adorable, and with great build quality  The better half has an unhealthy obsession with our favorite Sith Lord, and this a surprise gift to keep her from staving off huggable Jedi.  Thanks to my Amazon brethren and retail shop visits, I was able to conduct a decent amount of research before taking the plunge with the Super Deformed version of Maul. Echoing reviewers above, this is easily the best of the Maul plushies, terrific in color and build, likewise an adorable little robe that is of surprisingly good quality. In many ways, the product picture doesn't do this justice. It's a truly great buy at this price point.  Consider Super Deformed Maul arguably safe for bedtime hugging, infant Sith Apprentices in training, also Savage Opress.
Nice!  Nice Quality
This is a good size and super soft  Bought for my dad who had his gallbladder removed.  This is a good size and super soft!
She is funny and so cute  Agnes is an irresistible bedtime companion. She is funny and so cute. I would recommend her highly.
Amazing toy!!  My son absolutely LOVES this and he doesnt get attached to many toys. It was sent well packaged. The buckles are sewn well into the sides and line up perfectly. They have different buckle types on them which keeps my son entertained. They are bright colored and are easy enough to actually buckle for a young toddler. There is a zipper in the back for baby to keep little things in and some cute images embroidered on the back. Under the buckles in the front are hidden different colored numbers. Perfect for us as we are working on number recognition. I am very pleasantly pleased with how well made 'Blizzard' is and will buy a back up in case it gets lost or ruined due to excessive play. Thank You!
great
My grand kids love the Boo dog  My grand kids  love the Boo dog.
My daughter loves it.
This is a great toy and it arrived quickly.
Love it!
Very much
Exactly like the publication. All was fine except the packaging that made it flat!!! Best regards
Quick delivery awesome product.
Very cute
girls loved it
My daughter loves it!!!  Boo is my daughter's best friend. She plays with him, it is soft and cute. Boo is a perfect gift for a girl.
My son loves it  My son absolutely loves luigi. We bought this plush and it has made him happy as can be. The stitching is good quality and it seems like it will last through many play sessions. Coming from Japan the shipping was a little long but that's to be expected.  The tracking details were provided as soon as it was shipped and was updated regularly and overall communicated well
This little plush is super soft, cuddly  This little plush is super soft, cuddly, and cute!  The felt teeth and nails are harder than usual and can stand up to a little more abuse. All other parts of the plush are super soft and cuddly. His little arms flop slightly, which makes him very cute in my opinion, and the shape of the tail lets him stand up without aid of a wall, great for display!  In my opinion, the best factor about this plush are the poseable wings. They can be bent and wrapped into almost any shape and put back just as easily. If you have any worries about children playing/cuddling with something with wire in it, I promise you don't need to. My doll stays on the bed when I sleep, and I've even fallen asleep cuddling him, and not once have the wires ever poked through or pricked me.
So soft!  Gave this as part of a baby shower gift and it was well reviewed. Very soft and this shipped very quickly.
Adorable!  These dolls are a perfect size and great quality!  They were perfect for my 5 year old nieces pre-k graduation!
Worked out great!  We put this little guy inside the New hamster cage for Christmas. Leaving the choice of the real one for after the holidays. Worked out great!
Super cute, well made. Very happy.
Smaller than I thought but super cute
Very Cute  This toy is so cute. I just want to squeeze it all day. I am getting another one for me other child
An Amazing Plush!  I would just like to say that I'm very happy with my Bowser Jr. Plush. It's such an amazing addition to have with my Bowser, Lemmy, Iggy, Larry, and Mecha-Koopa plushes. I had bought a generic Bowser Jr. plush at the mall. I wanted to actually buy an authentic version of this plush and I did end up receiving the actual one in the picture. The details on the authentic version of this are stunning from the lightly colored pads on his feet and the embroidered design on his bib. If you want the authentic version make sure you look at price and order from a seller with awesome feedback ratings as well. If you love this little guy I highly recommend getting this plush it's worth it!
The head is hard but the body is super soft.  I bought this for my nephew for Christmas. He loves it. The head is hard but the body is super soft.
Baby dino plush  This little dio was a gift to a bby boy and is just charming.
High quality plushie with nice attention to detail  High quality plushie with nice attention to detail.  Raichu sits up just fine, even on uneven surfaces, and holds his shape really well while still being squishy and comfortable to hold.  Well worth it.
Happy with product, not with shipping.  Probably the only thing I wasn't really happy with was the time it took to ship to my home..other then that, I am happy with the purchase.
Big fun comes in small package describes this plush  Ordered this plush to create a Nintendo-themed nursery and it did not disappoint! The plush, while simplistic at best, is quality made and captures Treasure Hunter Toad quite completely. Very happy with this purchase and the details that goes into Nintendo plushes by Sanei!
It's good and it's not one of those bad ones that people get and I love it
Pleasantly Surprised!  We received this plush doll today and my daughter and I could NOT believe how large it was! Quality was great and my daughter is so excited that we received it before leaving on vacation. (It arrived earlier than estimated).
My daughters love their dolls  Well made! My daughters love their dolls.
great
Beautiful and perfect for holding all of mommies things in the diaper bag! I love jujube. I have two of their diaper bags along with multiple other products. Great quality!
awesome, durable, hair stayed in they are great
Best Isabelle plush you can get.  A kids review: I love animal crossing and plushes. As soon as I saw, this, it was a must have. Got it in time, and is really great for putting her down somewhere. She can even sit! Overall, epic! I'm a boy.
So cute  I bought this tummy stuffers for my 5 year old daughter. She really wanted it ever since she seen the commercial. It is really cute and soft. It does fit quite a bit of stuff in it too. I would recommend this.
Tiggers are a wonderful thing.  Very high quality doll.  My daughter loves it.  It should take a pretty good beating before showing any wear and tear.  Oh and you can wash it without it turning into a lumpy mess on the inside, bonus.
Great Mickey Mouse Doll - Fun for Kids  Pretty simple - it is as described.  Girls love him.  What more can I say?
Authentic tsum tsum set. Thanks!
Fantastic  I love these. I got these as a gift for my dad. He's a golf fanatic and a lover of all things comic books and I am super thrilled to give him these. Callaway has typically high standard materials and this one kept up the tradition. The paint is well applied and looks great. It arrived on time and its just a cool collectors item, though they feel like they'd do fine if you wanted to use them on the course.
These two were great early christmas gifts for my kids...from Santa of course:)
For the hello kitty fan  Good item- purchase it for my cousin's little daughter.  She is in florida and I am from New York and wanted something for her to remember me by.
Beautyful
My sister birthday gift she loves it
Great Toy  My son loves this toy. It is his favorite character from Monster's University. He received this as a birthday gift and he is still playing with this.
... is a huge Kingdom Hearts fan and she absolutely loved this plushie as a gift  My wife is a huge Kingdom Hearts fan and she absolutely loved this Heartless plushie as a gift.  A must have for any Kingdom Hearts fan.  It is well made, and the stitching is well done.  It has held its shape well and is quite rigid, while still being soft.
Love it!
does what you expect it to.  good inserts, nothing much to say, perform as expected. Easy to insert because of the hex flange - adds stability while driving it in.
Gift  Gift he seemed to enjoy it
fast delivery. no problems. would order from again.  thank you.
Happy kiddo, happy mom!  I've been looking for one of these for a while and my youngest was so happy to finally get it!
Cute Doll  Very cute. Saving it for my granddaughter.
He's huggable.  He's cute.  He's the Chupacabra!!!!!!  Yes, I'm in my late 30's and bought him for myself.  His arms can be posed.  I find him interesting but, not in the least scary.
KIDS LOVE FLAREON
It came very early..and my boyfriend loved it as i gave it to him as a gift~<3
Excelente
Gift for two year old  Was given as a gift to a two year old who loves Mickey Mouse.  Very I well made as it must be because it will have to do a lot of dancing and playing.
The babies love it!  Cute (?) and more importantly effective soothing toy for infants six months and up. I am a child care provider, and although I have seen this toy for many, many years it was not particularly appealing to me. But what do I know. One of my new little ones came in and he loved it. It kept him entertained and soothed. I have since purchased one for my infant's, and recently one for my new little grandson yet to arrive.
This girl monkey is adorable. My daughter loved it  This girl monkey is adorable.  My daughter loved it.  We used her as a prop for my daughter's first birthday party....the theme was "Chunky Monkey". After the party my daughter continues to play with her all the time!
Our 7mos old loves her!  Nice and soft, perfect for our baby girl to cuddle with. Will have to get a second as a back up.
Small and cute  Smaller that I expected it to be but it's still really cute and nice.
Amazed by AMAZON and Elmo  I snagged this toy as part of the amazon warehouse open box deals!! WOW!!  Where to begin? It was packaged just as it would be in the store! i could hardly tell it had ever been opened and my almost two year old certainly didn't know it had when he opened it on Christmas night!! This Elmo toy is sturdy and well made. Two things that are a must for me to approve!! With toddlers delicate and fragile just will not do. The quality of every aspect of this toy is exceptional. My baby adores Elmo and he was one of the favorite gifts he received this Christmas. I love that he has different hats that you can change and that he has different functions depending on which hat he has on. This is a new spin on a classic favorite. Job well done here amazon. Thank you!!
LABOON!  What can I say about a whale that has passageways inside and it's stomach painted like the sky but AWESOME!  Well, that's enough about Laboon for now....  This plushy fig is well made-just don't play with the string attached on it's head or you may rip it-and super cute!  I got it fast and exactly how I expected it to be.  Thank you!
adorable
best price was found on Amazon  my great-niece just LOVES this puppy!  and as usual, best price was found on Amazon!!
Absolutely adorable and durable! Nicely made and great detail!
very cute  This little play set is so cute! Love the red-headed cave man.  I bought them for a baby but even the now grown toddler still likes to carry these around.
Wonderful and so cute!  This is my granddaughter's favorite Pokmon. This plush is exactly like the picture and so soft. Fast shipping was a big bonus too. I recommend this seller
Adorable, my daughter loves it. Treats it as her "baby Charmander"
Cute
Hurray for Mr. Buckles  Good quality toy, nice buckles. Many buckles. We actually call him Mr. Buckles. If your baby likes buckles, you're in business. Great for a car toy. Only note is the placement of the numbers makes little sense. But this is fine for my 9 month old baby, since she doesn't care about that yet and hopefully won't have to learn numbers from a crab.
My niece loved this. It's not as big as I expected  My niece loved this. It's not as big as I expected, but it turned out to be the perfect size. Great sewing on this thing; it's holding up to an energetic toddler. Great color and very stiff filling.
It was cool I like it
My granddaughter just loves her Llama doll.
Would highly recommend  Great price , found it for $30 at toys r us and glad I found it for half that on Amazon. My child loves his elmo
Got it for my wife as a gift - She loves the game
Adorable  SO soft! Adorable
Giant microbe  The product was just as described.  The price was good for the product.  Very fast shipping! Happy with my purchase.  Thank you very much!
my grandson will love it!  This is so cute and soft, my grandson will love it!
Plush Handy Manny is great  This is our son's favorite TV show and he really enjoys Handy Manny.  The plush toy is of good quality and the size is perfect.  The foot bottoms are corduroy which adds a nice tactile feature.  If you're looking for Handy Manny, take a look at this guy.
Great doll!  Well made, love the size.  Great sleeping companion. Love the different inspirational sayings on each of the dolls.  I have purchased several as gifts.
Cute Kirby  This Kirby was bigger than I thought it would be. It seems very well made, looks just as pictured, and the perfect softness. My son is giving it to my daughter for Christmas. I'm sure she's going to love it!
My 7 yr old granddaughter was thrilled.... Large size & very comfy
My kids love this guy.  Good quality.
Nemo Plush disney toy  I gave this to my grandson for christmas. He is really enjoying this nemo. alittle different than the one I bought for my Granddaughter . Now she doles not have to share hers.
Very nice
Perfect. Just what I was looking for.
My one year old is in love with this plush Woody doll  My one year old is in love with this plush Woody doll.  He carries Woody with him every where.  The doll is very well made and holds up well to a one year old and a weekly trip through the washing machine.
Pricey but what can you do when your son has Minecraft fever?!  This was pretty expensive for this size of stuffed animal (paid $37 I think). It does seem well made and super soft. We paid so much because this is what our son really wanted for Christmas and it was hard to find. He loves it! So that made it feel worth it.
the hat stands up straight if you want it too and honestly I think out of the cookie and the icecream this is the best one.  My boyfriend is obsessed with Pusheen and once I saw that there was one with a tiny hat and a cup of liquid! Hot damn for me! So it came out all pusheen shaped, the hat stands up straight if you want it too and honestly I think out of the cookie and the icecream this is the best one.
looks exactly like the picture  Fluffy and cute, looks exactly like the picture.
our budding marine biologist loves his shark  soft to touch, over a yard long,attractive print for skin, a great addition for any shark lover. Our grandson begged for this hammerhead shark for Christmas, once it was in his little hands it has become his 'security fish'.   Well made, tolerates daily abuse. we have only had to spot clean.
If your kids an Elmo addict this is the plush for them!  My son is beyond obsessed with Elmo. And of course our local stores don't have any Elmo plushies. None. Finding this one for such a great price from a trustworthy brand I love was like hitting the jackpot. I got it for my son's second birthday and from the time he opened it it has been glued to him. He sleeps with it every night, he takes it on trips in the car, he takes it for walks, he "feeds" it and shares his sippy cup. For all the abuse it's taken it looks just as nice as it did when it got here. The fur is incredibly soft and vibrant. The arms and legs are weighted perfectly so it's easier for little arms to hold tight. The fur is soft enough that it doesn't irritate sensitive skin. My favorite part is the eyes. Most Elmo plushies have hard plastic eyes. I always worry about one coming off or when he was little, him flailing Elmo around and hitting himself in the head. He's gotten a few bruises from cheaper made Elmo's bonking him with their hard eyes. The eyes on this plush are fabric, they aren't perfectly round but they are soft and sturdy and can easily be washed without fear of scratching the black off or ruining them.  This is definitely worth the money. I can't go on enough about how awesome this plush is and how much my kid loves it. It's perfect, reasonably priced, well made, and it shipped incredibly fast!
great love it thank you
Great quality. Nice size. Nice and soft...my son loves his stitch! Wish there was the girl one I could buy fire my daughter's!
Recommend  Great product..Not cheap material. My son plays with it everyday.  (2y/o). Easy to take along on car rides. Helps with hos OT goals! TY.,
Very cute one!  I purchased this for my cousin who is 6 yrs. And she love it so much. She has been hugging and kissing it since I gave it to her. Recommended for Birdo fans!
This little guy is adorable!  He's the perfect size for little hands and is a must have for any Mario fan.
Cute!  Got to me very quickly. Very cute little guys. Got them for my daughter she loves them!
Awesome kids toy  Awesome kids toy. Seems to be durable, and is great for throwing around and horsing around with it. Doesn't make noise, can't hurt a kid with it, less likely to break stuff.
Best toys yet  Could not be happier with this purchase. Arrived sooner than expected in perfect condition. These crack-ups were exactly what I wanted for my fur babies. They enjoy them so much. Will definitely be ordering these items again.
My sons favorite thing. Can't sleep without it.
Whovian Must-Have  My son flipped out over this.  If you are a Dr. Who fan, this is a very fun addition to the collection.
it even came about 2-3 days early which made me super happy but all around its great  Bought for my Girlfriend and she loves it, it even came about 2-3 days early which made me super happy but all around its great
Great buy  I purchased this for my daughters first birthday/ Christmas and she loves it so I am happy with my purchase and would recommend this to anyone who's children love doc mcstuffins
My nephew's 3 year old daughter loves it!
Nice size. Nice plush  Gift for granddaughters 5th Birthday. She loves it. Nice size. Nice plush. And it talks!
Pricey but worth the $$$  I never leave product reviews but this one saved our bacon for our 20 month old daughter on a long plane trip to Asia. It's well made and keeps her interest, safe and easily transportable with us. I thought it was pricey and couldn't find anywhere else selling anything that was better or cheaper. But I have to say....worth it. Would gift/buy again without thinking twice.
Sunshine me happy  Cute little plush that was perfect gift for my friend's birthday. It arrived on time and looks just like the picture. I'd estimate that it's about 4 inches tall and the inches wide. No visible defects and, most importantly, my friend loved it. Now you too can fight zombies with the power of the sun.
Nice!  Just got it today, it's the size that i expected (Height is about 15cm). It was a bit compacted in the tiny box, but it's in one piece and nothing is too bended. Looks really great and solid and it came with a chocolate bar from japan(which was tasty). Got it for my GF and i'm not disapointed!
Nice!  Gifted to my sister for her special day! Loved it!
Cute toy  Really soft and fun for my daughter who loves buckles.
My five year old daughter loves dbz and loved this.
Elmo rocks!  Elmo rocks! Arrived as promised, great size for a 2 year old.
My son loves this spider! I was worried after read some of the reviews that we would end up with a cheap knock off but we got a legit minecraft spider!
This is the softest elmo ever. My son loves it
Tactical snuggles incoming  This is a fantastic plushy! The colors look great, the material is none and soft, and it can hold up under immense cuddling. There really isn't anything negative I can say. It's even the perfect size to fit in a standard backpack for covert cuddling operations.
It's pretty cool. Made a great birthday gift
Star Wars Angry Bird  Got it for my Grandson for Christmas and He loved it...I couldn't of been haooier with the over all quality..
Love it!  Great quality, fast shipping and exactly as described. My boys love it!
Aladdin fans!  Cute, very small and not a soft fluffy toy but it's what I expected very cute!
If only works great if you use the right batteries  Just and FYI. If only works great if you use the right batteries. I bought a second one because the first one quit working. Thank you playschool for answering my emails and helping me through. Of course I'm stuck with a second one but I'm sure it will bless another child. Great comforting crib you. Very supporting sounds
cute!  I just received the wookie. I am very happy with it, it is soft and cute and make wookie noise.
It's adorable!  I love it I love it I love it!  It's very tiny (like my hand big) but omg I love it!
Adorable  It's adorable.  Bright colors.  Looks just as advertised.  Would buy again.
Best thing ever  Best thing since sliced bread.  Every office cubicle should have a couple in case there is you need to battle someone and I haven't found a dog who wouldn't chase one of these.  Although a dog can quickly chew one up, they are priced so cheap I bought a bunch and didn't care.  I also bought the duck, cow, and pig.  The noise they make as they fly through the air is hilarious.
Exactly what I was hoping for and expected. Thank you!
One two buckle my blue  My 22 month old LOVES this little guy! She's learning colors and loves to play with buckles. So worth the money! Shipped quickly, too!
My daughter loves him and hauls him all over the house the bendable neck is great
Muy byeno
Very good quality
My daughter loved this
It has acid for blood!!!!  kill ... meeeeee ... KILL .... MEEEEEEEEEE
smaller than i expected but my sister loved it! very soft and durable
Love this guy great detail and huge
as well my son loves mario I am trying to collect all the little toys definitely recommend
Love my little Anger  I love him! Super cute and he can stand on his own.
Good quality  It's been 6 years and is like new. Granted it just sits in a bookshelf but is great quality
My grand daughter loves it and plays with it all the time.
Sweet Puppy  This was a gift and she liked it a lot.
It was for my grandson's 2nd birthday. He absolutely loves it.
Olaf rocks!  He loves his gift!
BB8 Plush  I love the plush, he's adorable. I'm glad I got this size and not the 9 in, he is so cool. The only thing I was surprised was that it came in a bag and not the box as pictured.
Good quality  Son received as a gift. It was a nice size and of good quality!
My child fell in love with it.
Wonderful  Best Superman on the market right now for a little boy. My 4 year old sends him zooming all over the room.  Plush with a hard head, but sturdy.
Good quality
... lost our other elf and this guy is a great replacement.  We lost our other elf and this guy is a great replacement.
So Beautiful  This paper is beautiful. We will have a hard time choosing between the front and the back for our project, as both sides are exquisite. All of the color work together, eve when you wouldn't expect it. Put in the right order, they help tell the story. We bought some of the matching accessories, and are really happy with how they go without being too matchy-matchy.
Soft, cuddly and plush!  This is a wonderfully plush puppy. It is floppy in all the right places but sits nicely when placed. The fur is soft and golden color.  Would make a great gift for a very small child due to its smaller size and squeezability.
No Dups found!  Thank you for the fast shipping!!!  These emojis are so cute!  I ordered 2 18 packs and both packs had the same kind of emojis in each and not 1 duplicate in each bag!  Thank you thank you!
Great toy, quality material, loads of fun for 1 yr old daughter  Why I bought this product: I liked this toy idea for my daughter who is just now 1yrs old.  I was hoping for a toy to keep her busy in the car.  What I really like:  This toy is awesome!! I love it and so does my daughter.  It seems to be made of quality material and is pretty durable.  There are different types of snaps all over it and a zipper on the top of the pouch as well.  It is the perfect size to keep in the car to keep  my daughter busy while we are driving around running errands.  She seems to like the concept of it although she is not strong enough to clasp all of the straps or pull the zipper.  She loves watching me do it and likes to just play with the toy/chew on the straps.  What I really do not like: I love it, no dislikes  Packaging: My item was shipped right away, and I received prompt notification. I received it on time and it came as expected.  Thank you for reading my review, please let me know if you found this to be helpful. I like to know that it is worth my time to write these reviews. Have a great day!  I rely on reviews to help me make a decision when shopping online. I do keep my posts updated if the item breaks or exceeds my expectations for an extended time.  *I did receive this item at a discounted cost in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion. My review is not influenced by the discount, although it is nice.
Cute, cuddly and adorable  This was purchased as a gift for a Secret Santa gift exchange at the office and the person LOVED it.  Well built and cute.  Great product for the price.
Thanks
Cute PvZ sunflower  Very cute. Perfect
My kids love this! I bought it for my 9 year old son who is a Pokemon connoisseur and my 2 year old toddler loves it just as much!
she loved it. came in perfect  Bought it as a gift for 10year old daughter, she loved it. came in perfect condition
Pooh Bear  This Pooh is like the Pooh bear my daughter still has after 25 years.  Hers is a little more worn and has been sewn together in many places, but the same bear and really good quality.
My child loved it!!!!
Great knives.  I have been buying these knives one or two at a time over the last three or four years, probably should have just bought the full set to begin with, and I and everyone I know, including the person I take them to to get them sharpened, pay me endless complements on them.  They are nicely balanced, hold a great edge and the handles feel great in your fingers.
a
My friend loved it.  I ordered this for my friend because he adores this pokemon. He loves it. I haven't personally actually seen or handled it, because he lives quite far away, but from what I've heard him say about it, it's very cushy and soft. Highly recommend.
Niece loves
good product  Product sold as described.  Fast Shipping.  Great Value.  Will buy again.
Nephew absolutely LOVES this plush R2 D2!
Cute!!!
Check out the video to see Elmo in action  If you're shopping for a soft, huggable Elmo toy for your young child, you can stop looking now. I researched a lot of plush Elmo toys and this one is truly the best. It's very soft and the perfect size for a toddler. I really like that the mouth is flat rather than a wedge. Everything is made of soft fabric, even the eyeballs and the nose. We've had it for about a month now and it's held it's shape well. The face is getting a bit dirty from being dragged across our not-always-very-clean hardwood floor -- ha. It's still just as huggable, though! This Elmo really is the best of the best.  Here's a little video we took of our son meeting his Elmo toy for the first time. This video will give you a good idea of Elmo's size, how it looks from the side, etc. I cut off the tags and stuff before giving it to him. [...]
Terrific  This is a really good looking plush very durable but  Amazon is selling it for a higher price go to toys r us (that's where I got mine) it's 12.99 and for a very good looking plush it's a deal.
Amazing detail, even the boosters on the feet are there.  Fast delivery!
Super cute
excelente
super cute got it for my boyfriend for his birthday
A great companion to the Otis book series, beloved  by my 3-year-old grandson
great dog toy
Great Toy  This is a graet, cute and nice finished toy. Nice size because is kind of tall I really recommend it
Little small but so cute
Great Plusies!  While all the plushies I ordered to a fee weeks to arrive, I did receive them by Christmas Eve as promised! They are soft and nicely made with excellent materials. Well worth the wait!
Cutest O Ever!  Cutest, softest O Ever! Thanking you! :)
kiss kitty  This met All of my expectations. Great collectors doll. I would love to have the entire set. I will be looking forward to purchasing more.
Love him!  So cute and soft. My grand daughter loves him!
... bought it for my wife's anniversary and she will love  it came in a timely fashion I bought it for my wife's anniversary and she will love it
HK  So love this! Especially for lil ones that love to chew on things lol, and the Speed that my order arrived in was AMAZING!!! DEF will be purchasing in the future!
5/5  Amazing quality and arrived on the correct date. 5/5
Great!!  Great Product for the price!! My daughter LOVES it!!
Too Cute  Too cute, was a gift for my little sister & She & I both loved. Too cute. Little cute coin bag.
so it is so much fun to expand his Mario toys  My girlfriend's little boy loves Mario, so it is so much fun to expand his Mario toys. Reasonably priced to watch a boy's imagination expand!
satisfactory
I LOVE IT  This toy is beautiful! I've been waiting forever to have a Rosalina toy to go along with my Peach.
Perfect "pet"  My family loves Humphrey the elephant and I am sure they will also love the Cupcake Monkey.  It is soft enough for a child to cuddle with.  Wonderful price too!
Just as expected!  My kids were over the moon about this.  Very well made, nice fabric and foam that hold their shape.  Good detailing.
My Shadow Heartless  I love him. I bought him after seeing a friend who has one. His eyes does not glow but that is ok. His name is Sora and named after when Sora turned into a shadow heartless in Kingdom Hearts. If you get one, I hope you enjoy him as much as I enjoy having him.
Really cute, and very well made.  My son loves him.  His neck is long, but sturdy.  The detail in the spots and feet is great, and the face and eyes are perfect.  Honestly, you cannot go wrong.  Highly recommended, especially for the price.
cute little plushie
I love it! thanks! I love foxy so much!
Arrived quickly.  My just turned 2 year old loves Scrat. When this arrived he was initially scared of it because he thought it was real! So funny to watch him react to what he thought was actually a real Scrat. It does have creepy eyes, but now that my son figured out it's just a toy, he loves it.
Winner!  My 20-month old daughter LOVES this!  Keeps her interested for several minutes, which in toddler time is amazing!  :)  I'd definitely recommend this item for other toddlers!
nice quality
My granddaughter loved it just what she wanted
Lovelovelove  I don't particularly care if it's legit or not. It's adorable! Flygon's one of those ones that's just cool enough to get a deck or a figure but not very often a plush. It doesn't have the official tag on the butt (like the Pokemon Center and Tomy ones do) and the only tag stating it's a Pokemon looks a bit washed out like it was scanned in and printed.  But it doesn't matter much because the quality is wonderful and the colors are spot-on. Yes, the head's a little floppy and one of the wings was a bit twisted, but I love it just the same.
love it!  boo is so soft, cuddly, and cute! it looks exactly like the real boo, well, maybe not exactly, but it's very close
Great Battery  This is the second battery of this type that I have purchased. These are excellent batteries and work as well as the original Makita batteries.
Adorable pink pig...  Too cute! I purchased this for ME. It's well made and adorable. If you like pigs, pink or fairies...well it's all of those. So...go ahead and indulge that silly side.
Came as ordered - daughter loves it!
Came as described
Big for the price  My 3 year old is - obsessed - with the solar system. For some reason he really likes Jupiter. We got this for him and he loves it. He is always making us "talk for Jupiter" lol its pretty big (which is great for the price) and super soft. I plan to get him even more of the planets. Shipping was fast (with prime) So I'll definitely be ordering from them again.
Love it  My 20 month old son loves it. We take this everywhere we go and he plays with it all day long.
Oh my goodness this is the cutest thing ever. Ive bought 3 of these.
excellent quality, most importantly organic and cotton  The kids spend so much time with plush toys, holding them close, on their skin, with their face buried in the toy, breathing in the material. Between night and naps, they are exposed at least 12 hours. Decided to limit the usual plush toys (non-cotton, non-organic) in the house and have only organic cotton ones in kids rooms and in their beds. Loved these. Kids had lots of choices. So well made, quality plush toy. No smell. I feel less concerned with them sleeping with these plush toys, one small way to reduce toxicity around them.
Love perfect for my embroidery and heat press projects
Love it!  My son LOVES FNAF so I ordered this plushie with the gift.  Was bummed about how long the delivery was since it would be past his birthday but ordered it anyways.  It came about a week before expected delivery and was adorable.  The gift is nice since my son loves minecraft as well.  We just ordered Foxy and Freddy after being so pleased with our order
My 18 mo old is super into dinosaurs right now and this was perfect size for him to play with
Kingdom Hearts 2 Sora Blue 12-inch Plush  This item was exactly what I ordered, it was for my son and he loves it! As far as the educational rating, I gave it 4 stars because a child can have a great time with their imagination and creating stories.
... the delivery before time and the material is really good. The size is exactly as described  When I ordered it for my nephew I was not feeling too excited because it was shipping from China but I got the delivery before time and the material is really good. The size is exactly as described.
Love that its machine washable!
My grandson loved it.
True love  My adorable nephew hasn't put it down. I bought it for him after he visited me and fell in love with my real life Bichon.  It's a little smaller than I hoped, but he loves it
very nice !!!
We Love the Ugly Dolls  This doll is adorably ugly!  We love it and its great for boys!  The color is rad and he is well made highly recommend
Great travel, church, and restaurant toy!  My one and half yr old loves this toy. I love that it is quiet, easy to take along, and holds her interest.
Granddaughter loves it  Christmas Gift Hit
Beautiful, large stuffed horse  This is a good stuffed horse. It's large enough for my daughter to "ride" but not so big that it can't stay on her bed. It's very soft, constructed well, and has held up to a lot of playing.
My son got this for Christmas and adores it.
Good
My son loves this. Came in much earlier than expected!
Awesome  These came super fast. And the quality is amazing!  I expected them to be cheap quality for the price but they are not. I didn't realize they had a keychain attached but makes my kids love them more. So glad I ordered 3 sets !! Awesome product and seller
I like it and it makes a good gift.
Love it.
The bunny is so sweet and cute. And very, very soft. My granddaughter loved it.
Very nice
Great Seller  Beautiful and fast. Great seller.
Details are nice and a lot bigger than expected!  Better than the picture and was a lot bigger than expected, as well!! I bought it as a birthday gift (for an inside joke) and Im sure the recipient is going to love it!!
My little nephew (one year old) loved this.  My sis said it was his favorite toy. Very soft and this doll doesn't talk, which is great. So no batteries required.  He falls right asleep with him.
Great Product  Great Product would order again
fluffy!
Believe it or not, I bought this as a replacement toy for a cat. I got one years ago at a nursing conference, and my cat plays fetch with it. It is cute watching her carrying it through the house, as it is big for her. So, while I give it a 5 star rating, Bo says it is 10 stars!
Excelent!!
Snuggly and Sweet  Bought to give as a gift with Llama Llama books.  Perfect! Great quality toy. So soft and cute.
my daugther love it!!
Impressive quality!
Loved it  Got this for a friend who jokes about a voodoo doll all the time, scared him to death to get one, just sits on the table and he looks at it!
Mickey Mouse  I got this for my nephew and he just loves Mickey Mouse, he runs around the house saying Mickey Mickey Mickey .
My toddler was so excited to hold this doll. He took to it right away, hugging and holding it. So excited to have his own doll!
but my niece loved it! Super soft  It's smaller than I expected, but my niece loved it! Super soft, and he looks just like he did in the movie.
Furby  Christmas gift, this was the rage for this Christmas, and the girls got one, they love them, soft, well made, and cute.
great thanks!
Awesome
excelent !
love love love  Thank you, love love love.
Cute....
Adorable Guinea Pig  I recommend buying all three colors. They are adorable.  WHole collection is worth checking out- all the woodland creatures are adorable.
Great Quality product!  really good quality and my son LOVES Rosalina cat!!!
Precious Eeyore  Purchased this precious Eeyore as a Christmas gift for our grand-daughter and she LOVES him!!!  Quality is GREAT and I'm sure she'll love him for a very long time!
We love this toy!  My 6 month old baby loves this toy! She took to it immediately. The first time I gave it to her, she was totally mesmerized. We use it to help her go to sleep and it works pretty well. It plays for 10 minutes. It would be nice if there were a 15 or 20 minute option, since she's not old enough to know how to turn it on again yet, but overall 10 minutes is a nice length of time. The music is pleasant. It cycles through 6 familiar lullaby tunes a couple of times in the 10 minute period. So I'm guessing it only plays each tune for a minute or so, maybe less and cycles more than twice. I haven't paid that close attention. It's smaller than the Gloworms I remember from being a kid, and soft enough for a baby to grab onto. Great toy.
Adorable!  So cute, great price! It came in excellent condition. Clean, fluffy and soft, and good sized. The perfect gift for kids who love dogs and stuffed animals!
Kermie and I go way back together.
The mom-to-be is very happy with the plush toy  Little "Foxy" is so soft and cuddly. The mom-to-be is very happy with the plush toy.
I did get a card from her today and she loved the cardinal spinner for her garden  This also was a Christmas gift sent to a dear friend that was my co-worker a few years back. I did get a card from her today and she loved the cardinal spinner for her garden. The cardinal is definately her favorite bird.
So adorable, i think my niece will love this toy, thanks.
Well made stuffed animal  Granddaughter love her bear. Good size for 6 year old.
Exactly as pictured. Great fit, great feel, great craftsmanship, and excellent details. Very warm.  This was delivered when I had a full house of friends over to watch a movie (and some dogs too). The dogs thought the hair smelled great and licked it a few times before I had to tell them it was off limits. So the dogs approve of these slippers. The humans also thought they were great. My girlfriend noticed something I missed, you can even put the eyeball back in the socket or pull out at will. The bottom is nice and thick. It's thicker than the Invader Zim Gir slippers which is really appreciated. With the thickness, they're warmer than most slippers, so maybe best for winter. The mouth has an elastic band and hugs your ankle, but not uncomfortably. I think I will get the gray ones next for my GF to wear.
Great Olaf! Good quality!  Perfect height and size - my 4 year old loves him! He is great quality too!
Cute Anime doll  Accurate to discription. The quality reminds me of claw machine prizes. I was just happy to find these Anime items available on Amazon -this was purchased as a gift and the recipient was thrilled.
perfect for the Sonic lover  Very cute, well made, perfect for the Sonic lover!
Awesome delivery time! Great quality- my girl's love it!
Quite small but I'm obsessed with the labyrinth!
Batty about this bat!  Both of the Ugly dolls were great.  I ordered two black icebat dolls and one white Picksey doll, that I thought looked like a ghost. These are Halloween gifts for two kids and one adult. They came on time and were just as pictured.  I know they will be loved by their new owners.
Great prize!  Great prize!! Winner was surprised and Very pleased!! Others can't wait til next cook off in hopes of winning one!!
very pleased  very pleased with these soft plush toys. love gudetama and the other reviewer who said they are not a good rendition is wrong. these are pretty good considering they are plush. would definitely buy again...
Cute Angry Bird  Bought this along with Leia and Vadar. They are about the size of a grapefruit and sit straight up.  A must have for any fan of both Star Wars and Angry Birds.
Love these!  Bought one for my son when he was little and loved it so much I bought one for my niece.  I kept this in the diaper bag as a toy for restaurants or quiet places.  Would keep my son busy for 15-30 minutes at a time!  He learned to buckle some of the clasps at 15 months, and just now mastered unbuckling all of them as well at age 3, so a great toy to grow with!  Well worth the money!  Made very well too.
Great buy for the price  Great buy for the price.  Would be nice if there would have been music or something.  His head does not detach.  He is larger than I expected.
It is a great doll. Thank you for showing that the ancient Egyptians were not black, which has been proven.
Just what my son wanted.  My son really likes this plush 11" Mega Lucario.
Great toy!  So cute, my son loves it!  This toy is holding up great and my son loves it! I have bought another as a gift as well.
Nice product  Arrested on time. Nice product
Great quiet, still toddler entertainment  Buckle Whale has been a great toy to bring to church, restaurants, car trips, etc. Anywhere my toddler has to sit still. She loves doing up all the buckles and switching around the ones that are the same type of buckle. Also, you can hide little toys in the whale's mouth. Zipper is long and easy to open and close.
She loved  Bought for niece as a Christmas gift. She loved it
I bought this little bunny, 12", so she would have a friend to take with her at all times. She is just 8 months old and loves it. I bought it because of the size and it is wash and dryer friendly. I just purchased a second one so never to be without her little bunny.
great  My five-year-old daugher was asking about "American Girl Dolls" for Christmas. Someone told me that there was something similar called "Heart" dolls that I should also look at. I had my daughter here and we searched amazon for "heart doll" and up popped this Kingdom Hearts heartless doll. My daughter is a gamer, and when she saw the thumbnail for the heartless plus pop up, all interest in American Girls dolls was gone. It came quickly, and has been a loved Christmas present. We haven't had in trouble with the anetenna but our eyes don't seem to glow. But still a lot of fun. Thanks.
Very cute love it. To bad it's not a puff.
So Cute  Fits right in with the rest. I've been collecting these for quite some time now nearly 2years. I get a one at a time and I can say I'm happy with this one most,
EXCELLENT SELLER, GOOD QUALITY AS ADVERTISED. QUICK, HASSLE FREE SHIPPING. A++ , HIGHLY RECOMMEND
sweet rainbow bunny  this is a very sweet little bunny - my son didn't take to it, but he seems to only like the "fluffy, furry, soft" ones, not these kind, where it's more of a yarn consistency - but a very cute stuffed animal nonetheless
Doll came in great shape and worked perfectly.
Beautiful Plush Toy with Disney Logo on the foot  Beautiful Plush Toy with Disney Logo on the foot. Nicer than pictured. 2 year old Granddaughter loves it! Very soft and huggable.
shipped as described
Excellent  The dragon went so well with my dragon themed nursery. The animal was also small enough that the hospital didn't throw a fit when I put it in the bassinet at the foot of baby. The coloring is beautiful and I love the shine on the wings.
Excellent purchase...  All I can say is FANTASTIC!  It arrived in excellent condition, and is so adorable for anyone of any age.
Whats This?  bought this for my daughter since she is a Nightmare before Christmas fan, she loves it.
I ordered this as a gift for my nephew for an Assassins Creed themed Christmas. He loved it. The size is perfect for those who collect plushies in most nerd fandoms so it will fit right in on your plushie shelf.
Perfect  My grandson who is 1 loves elmo. He was just  what I wanted
It was delivered a day early and the sword was a little bent other than that my bf loves it
TOTALLY AWESOME GREAT FOR ANY PERSON WANTING TO COSPLAY KIBA :D
Too cute  My child loved it!  Good quality product.  I'm not sure why I'm required to continue writing a review, but I can't submit until I have enough words-why is that??
Skeleton Domo-kun Plush Doll - 10 Inch  Love my Domo doll. I actually have two. You can never have too much Domo as far as I'm concerened.
A big hit with my 5-year-old!  My son loves Yoda, so we gave the Star Wars Talking Yoda to him for his 5th birthday. He loves it! He carries Yoda around and often has Yoda sleeping in the bunk with him. I love that Yoda's mouth moves when he talks because that really makes it seem like a quality toy.
Great!  I'm sure that my grandson will love his xmas pressie. What I like is that it's cuddly, manageable and fun for a 3 year old
Umbreon!  I ordered this plush as a Christmas present for one of my roommates. When it arrived, I considered getting another one just for me (Umbreon is one of my favorite Pokemon). It's really adorable, and the roommate LOVES it. The plush is also great quality, I would totally buy another one for a Pokemon fan, especially myself.
Just as described and received on time!
Great toy  my daughter loves this animal! Very well made and the neck moves which is cool.
Fantastic!  These scissors are very sharp and work great for a variety of crafts.  They cut through paper like butter and are tough enough to make it through fabrics.  They are small (5 inches), but are great for small jobs.  They're also very pretty and have a cover for the blades.
My son loves it!
Bigger than I expected but turned out better that way. Fits my daughter's lunch much better.
Cute and soft.
Content and so is our son.
Daughter loves these dolls  My 3 year old daughter loves these mermaid dolls. Perfect size for her to carry when she goes out.
He is a beautiful bunny. I got him for my youngest grandson and he was just the right size. Very cuddly and cute.
Love it
We're Obsessed!  My two year old is obsessed with this little giraffe.  It is his absolute favorite animal and his best buddy.  Wherever he goes, the giraffe goes to.  He just started pre-school/daycare this week and we bought another giraffe for him to leave at school.  The giraffe is in every single picture the school sends me.  It has been a difficult transition for him and having his best pal with him has helped so much in making him feel secure.  The giraffe (like all Little Giraffe items) is so incredibly soft.  We have had to wash it several times (gentle cycle, no dryer) and it has held up pretty well.  As much love as this little guy gets, we will likely have to get more in the future.
Perfect!  Son had a mini yoshi for a while and then the arm tore off. Order this one which was more than double the size of it. Son was stoked! Perfect item!
HP DJ130 Printer Paper  The price was good and the shipping free and it came quickly with no problems.  A great Deal!
VERY GOOD QUALITY!  MY GF LOVES THIS POKEMON... VERY GOOD QUALITY!
Great quality  Soooooo dandy cute! Great quality
cute  came a day early and is perfect gift to a friend or any hetalia fan. If you like bunnys, you like them green and fuzzy this is the one for you.
Larger than expected but that was a good thing!
amazing and very detailed
So cute!
Size is fantastic. Well-made product!
Love these soft and cuddly toys  I love all of the Nat and Jules toys.  My little girl has 3 of them in her crib that she rotates loving on during the night.  They are the perfect size and super soft.
Deluxe 12-Piece Red Brick Jumbo Cardboard Blocks  I purchased these blocks for my one year-old grandchild, whom I watch everyday during the week.  He LOVED them!  Actually, all of my grandkids from ages 1 through 8 had a blast playing with these blocks when they came over for Christmas. I ordered the 12-piece set of jumbo blocks to supplement the 40 piece basic set.  I highly recommend getting both sets so that your kids have enough pieces in all sizes.
Cutest little doll for my granddaughters St Paddys celebration!
Adorable for a 2/3 year old. A little small but perfect for cuddling. My daughters lovesssss hers.
I love my cynders <3  I love this sooo muchh. If i could get a deal, i would be willing to buy 3+ of these! High quality
great cute product...
My daughter loves it. Thank you. You had maid her day.
Looks good and it's fuzzy  Looks good and it's fuzzy, although the tail doesn't look like that, the tail is the brown color on the fox and the clip is the same brown which isn't a big deal.
and this one is perfect for her  My 18 month old is obsessed with buckles, and this one is perfect for her!
Buckles!!  My 2 yo son loves it! It took him a day or so to master it, now he buckles and unbuckles all day! Love the small zippered pocket in the back for a small toy.
If you're looking for a stuffed animal chicken, look no further.
My Grandaughterr love it also goes to bed withit.
Smaller than what I thought but super cute
Beautiful! My daugther love it!
Very Cute and a perfect compliment to the book  I bought this for my granddaughter along with the books Lama Lama Red Pajamas and Lama Lama Mad at Mama, and found the stuffed animal to be the perfect size and match for a toddler to snuggle with and carry around.  It's very well made (he's a little skinny) but don't regret the purchase.  Our 2-year-old granddaughter loved him (as well as the books).
Who doesn't love boo?  I bought Boo for myself but when ever I have girl friends over they all can't help but squee from how cute and well made the doll is.
Great gift  Great accessory to go along with Salina Yoon's "Found."  My daughter loves to cuddle this fuzzy bunny.  When she's older, I'm sure it'll mean even more to her when she understands the book.  If you're looking for a gift for a child, I highly recommend purchasing this bunny with the book.
Fun and well made.  Fun and well made
Chikorita is adorable!!!  My sister loved this for Christmas!!!  Good size too.
My grandson will love it. Thank You  Cute as it can be. My grandson will love it. Thank You!
Great price and a hit with the kids  This was a great price around Christmas time, and my kids are huge fans of Angry Birds Star Wars.  Well worth the money spent - makes my kids happy!  I think these are also really well made because despite my kids throwing them around and being really rough with them, they've managed to hold up and not tear like a lot of their other toys.
Everything was excellent. Fast delivery,product was exactly what I wanted,perfect quality and condition. I had a very good experience.
Adorable. As pictured/ described.
Very well made--kid proof
While he comes international I got him within 2 weeks which is even better!  Cute minion for any age! This minion is very huggable! He is soft and cuddly! While he comes international I got him within 2 weeks which is even better!
Perfect for any nerd  Little guy showed up just as shown here.
Nice present. About the size of a softball  Very cute. The "hair" came off and had to be re-sewn, but otherwise well made
Cute
My son loves it, has not let go of it yet...
Great!
Daughter loved it and I liked that it arrived quite a bit earlier than expected.  The down side was seeing the price drop quite a bit a week or so after I'd ordered it for her birthday.
wonderful gift for my one year old granddaughter
loved it
ADORABLE  Adorable elves perfect for the display I will put up in December.
Great item  My son has Autism...and simply LOVES his new cookie monster
So cute,.. arrived prompt,..  So cute,..arrived prompt,..cant wait to give it to my granddaughter
PERFECT!  Absolutely awesome!!!  I gave it to my mom for her birthday and she almost cried because of how beautiful it was! She loves Joy, it was the perfect gift! My dad commented on how beautiful the dress looks.  No regrets! 1 million thanks!!
Authentic and awesome  Stitch is so soft and so adorable. It looks just like the image. It is very well made! So happy!
Way better than the Seahorse!  My mom bought this for my daughter on her first birthday (she got it at Target for less than $20!) and my daughter loves it!  She sleeps with it every night and at her nap, and often when she wakes up she turns it on, too.  Now my older daughter wants one just like it even though she's three, because in her words it's way better than the seahorse, which is what she has!
Great item, excellent price and super fast shipping. Thank you.
I named him Harold  He is the perfect size!! && he's twice if three times as cute in person then the picture; also he is incredibly soft!!!
Love it!  Bought it for my zombie loving niece, and she absolutely adores it! Sadly she lost it's little brain though. It's very unique and Im sure any zombie lover would love it add it to their collection!
It is a great piece of kit
Loved it! Goes great in my collection  Loved it!  Goes great in my collection.  In great condition as well.
A+  so cute!
Great Toy for Toddlers  My two year old granddaughter plays with this toy a lot.  She points out the colors and numbers and is intrigued with all the buckles.
love it  My 2 year old granddaughter loves Dora and this is one of her favorite toys. I recommend this for children who like Dora
I bought this for my mother who is in assisted living due to Alzheimer's.  She has always had dachshunds.  Didn't know if she was going to love it or if it would make her miss her own dachshund even more.  She loves it and gets much comfort from it.  Her roommate loved it as well so I got her a puppy in her favorite breed.
Had elmo sent to my 1 yr old nephew and he loves it!
Very satisfied  Very cute and arrived as promised (actually a day earlier!). Great quality
Bought this for new baby photo  We have a new granddaughter coming this fall and the parents are Star Wars fans.  We bought these for a photo session with the new baby.  I could not be any happier with the transaction and seller.
"Monster" Teaches Sunday School  I purchased this for my daughter and son-in-law for use in their church puppet ministry.  So my overall 5 star rating is for use by an adult as a teaching tool rather than for durability and engrossing fun for a child.  We added some costume "bling" and hair bows and the puppet became "Precious" a precocious furry biblical "know-it-all"!  The puppet is very durable as the children want to interact with her.  Both boys and girls are enthralled by her as she talks about everyday situations little children encounter.  She has a wonderful personality (oddly like my daughter's) as she "discusses" with Tommy (also purchased from Amazon) all things biblical!  Of course, Tommy oddly has the wit of my son-in-law!  I cannot say enough about the ability of this "Monster" to hold the attention of youngsters and survive the demonstration of their love!  Priceless!
They are so soft and are the perfect size for snuggling  After losing our beloved Springer Spaniel of 12 years, our children (6 and 3) were heartbroken. The next day, we purchased two of these Springer stuffed animals to help comfort them. They have been a big hit. They are so soft and are the perfect size for snuggling. Thank you!
nice molding great cards
growlith review  I've had him for over a year and he has held up extreamly well! tail looks like its been barely sowed on but its very strong and won't come off (trust me i pulled on it to see how strong it was and couldn't pull it off, if had been able to id been very sad). its extreamly soft and huggable. i thought it would be bigger but i love him anyway.  P.S. why is arcanine so expensive???
Must buy! So cute  Actual item received is a lot prettier/nicer than the picture 
baby  great Mobile designed the way it was speced out, cleans and filters very cleanly. A-plus, A-plus. best product out there. Aplus
The quality is great, as you'd expect all TY items to be  This product arrived very, very quickly. The quality is great, as you'd expect all TY items to be. My daughter absolutely loves it. Highly recommend.
Arrived in time for Christmas, and it made the recipient mighty happy
Item as described, shipped fast and it was delivered on time. Just as promised is cozy and a cutie
Exactly what my son wanted!
I love it
Our twins were 18m when we got this it's still one of the top picks at our house
These things are awesome. Got them for my 1 year old boys and they love them, very soft.
Loved this product!  I was very surprised at the quality for such a small price.
Good product
Amazing back up much cheaper then buying one at Disneyland.
PERFECT SULLEY!  I bought this Plush Sulley for my 15 month old grandson along with Mike as a Valentine's gift. Two of his favorite movies are Monsters, Inc and Monsters University. As soon as he took both out of the gift bag he smiled from ear to ear! He's my only grandchild so I was ecstatic to see his reaction. Other reviewers mentioned that their Sulley had NO teeth or some other defect. The Sulley I received looked EXACTLY as pictured. He had teeth and was NOT defective. He's also super soft and cuddly. Needless to say I am VERY PLEASED with this purchase and apparently so is my grandson!
Great, Different Disney Plush  Hello! I (my daughter) has many of these dolls.  Actually, she has them all.  Each one is slightly different but mostly are just the same with slightly different eyes, hair and outfit.  Even so, they are different enough to keep kids interested in them all.  Also, as far as build quality, Disney has hit the nail on the head!  Flexible, durable, and generally wonderful dolls.  If you don't want them all (which I didn't) you should definitely at least get your child's favorite.  They are terrific dolls that look like they will last.  One strange thing, as it is with a lot of dolls, is that the legs are a little strange.  Sometimes I play octopus legs with my daughter.  Other than that, and it only comes up if the dolls dress gets caught on something, they are amazing.  Due to the similarities, I'm going to start all my reviews with that bit above, then differentiate for each doll.  I like this Anna doll because it's true to her form.  She's not in a dress, she's instead in her winter garb.  It makes it nice as far as being different than the other dolls.  Her face also has a little blush, which is again a nice touch.  She is more doll, less princess.  Obviously, the Anna figure is shadowed by her snowy sibling, but the doll is still extremely nice.
Soft yet high quality  The plush is super soft to touch and hug, yet it came early 10 days after I ordered it.
Great for TMNT fans  Brought big smile to great grandson, he loves ninja turtles and loves the stretchkin.
Just in time for Christmas!  Just what our son wanted! Great communication from seller!!
thanks
so cute!  This is so cute! My daughter's loves the books so of course loves the llama! She sleeps with it every night.
Great  Great
My 8 year old son loves this plush toy.
Cuddly and soft Elmo  Got this for my two year old granddaughter...she love it... he's nice and soft and does the abc song....
Great buy  This was a Birthday gift for my niece. She loved it, it's very plush and cuddly.
Adorable  My 7 year old birthday girl loved this puppy! We got it for her as a gift "from sissy" and I think she ignored every other gift for this little guy. It is a little small for the price. Very cute though.
The matching colors and types of buckles are a great combination for little fingers  High quality and engaging.  The matching colors and types of buckles are a great combination for little fingers.  The toy was quiet and kept our 24 month old occupied and happy.
Exactly what we wanted!  Hard to find this in a store!  He is much softer and made of nicer material then I expected!  Vey happy!
Beautiful
great starwars stuff  Great product very cute my kids love them.
Good quality plush  Good quality plush. The best looking plush of courage I could find. Some plushies of courage just look ridiculous this one is the best looking one.
The product is excellent and it was shipped the same day I ordered it.  Very pleased.
Sparky ROCKS!!!  This was a gift for a friend and she really loved it.  So did everyone else who saw it.
monster inn mike  He is adorable and the way he talks is so cute too.  I am glad I ordered him because I keep him here when grand children come. The cat even likes him.
Students took care of the cat over weekends and he is a very loved member of the classroom  I used this for a classroom buddy project! Students took care of the cat over weekends and  he is a very loved member of the classroom!  Parents have reached out to order one of their own for the home!
I love it!  Looks even better in person! Super soft, brightly colored and adorable! Minako is my favorite, so I appreciate the big red bow (other venus plushies have small bow that goes against character design) very happy buyer
perfect  very good loved it for my daughter.
Perfect!
Very cute!
My son loves his Henry!  This is one of my son's absolute favorite toys! With no stuffing in the body it is very easy to hold onto! The hands are crinkly which makes for a fun and interesting sound for my little guy to hear. He also loves to chew on Henry's nose! This is a toy we buy for our friends who are expecting little ones now! Henry is a household favorite with us!
Cute  Cute
This is one of my sons favorite toys. Thank you. The arrival was perfect.
My Grandson loves it!  Bought this as a Christmas present and my grandson loves it. They go everywhere together including bedtime. Perfect for age 5.
Great Plush, Great Deal  My best friend collects everything Eeyore.  I bought this for her at the Disney store as soon as it came out.  I paid $13.50 for it including tax, and it was worth every penny.  When you press the button on Eeyore, the plush quacks.  And over a year later, the sound still works.
Thanks  Thanks
Fast shipping! Cute little stuffed animal, my 4 year old loves it!
My friend loved it and it's soft to the touch.
It is a nice gift, however it is much smaller that it was in the image.
It has a fat tummy and it his favorite to snuggle at night  My son loves this little snorlax. It has a fat tummy and it his favorite to snuggle at night.
Love this!  Love him. My son carries with him everywhere!
Now the favorite!  Got this for my year old grandson as Umi is a favorite. Geo has now become his favorite pal. We put the show on then laid the doll on his table, he was so excited he ran to 'tell' us over and over again. He is very interactive with the toy and show together. Nice toy.
Ecstatically happy grandson  I bought this item because my grandson, who is 5, is in love with everything Mario. We search for more different characters every day. The wiggler is in perfect condition, and arrived very quickly.
Large police rabbit  This toy came fast and was larger than I expected for some reason. He is about one foot and a quarter. The bunny portion is a fuzzy material and the uniform is soft and smooth. This animal is not breathable so do not leave in a crib with a baby. He's cute and fun to play with. I received this in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Great toy!  My son is in love with Super Mario Bros and really wanted a yellow toad. He was estatic that I found one wearing a squirrel suit. Its perfect for is 6 year old hands.
Inspires a sense of pride and encourages parent interaction  Exactly as described.  This is a bright, fun, soft & huggable toy that inspires a sense of pride.  My 15 month old can spend about 10 minutes at a time with this toy (minutes with anything is a win in my house - we can generally hold her attention for about 30 seconds with toys, but minutes is a hard sell for her!!)  She's mastered the zipper but loves to try to connect the buckles.  Every time she hears one click she's genuinely proud of herself.  This improves her self esteem and encourages parent interaction.  Love this toy!
Plushie collection updated  Its nice to add to my collection of plushies!
So cute!  So soft and cute! I gave this as a gift but wanted to keep it :) The baby loved it!
Awesome SAO plushie  (this photo will be used for 1 other product) This Asuna plush(left side)is very detailed from top to bottom. seller i bought from: eknight-media
Adorable~  Oh my gosh~ I bought this as a gift for my friend's birthday since she is in love with Ciel from Kuroshitsuji (thinks he's the most adorable little master there is). Anyways, came literally on the day of her birthday, which I was very happy about and she loved it tremendously. His hair had a little bend on the middle strand in front of his face, but she didn't really mind. The hair was also really soft. He was a bit smaller than expected, but he is a young boy, so I guess it was fine. Overall, a great buy!
Great gift  Granddaughter loved this stuffed animal.  She has a collection of Pokmon and was happy for the addition.
Very Cute  Bought this for my 3 year old son, who loves to read Llama Llama books. This is such a cute plush toy. My son loves it!
Thanks!  Fast ship. Daughters love them thank you.
Everything I was expecting it to be and I received it right away.
Bought 2 of these for my god children - they watched the Gremlins movie for the first time on vacation this year and loved it. They were extremely excited to receive their Gizmo dolls.
Nice
love this plush :)  snap dragon is super cute. my little guy loves him!
Cute little Uglydoll  This little Uglydoll is adorable. Smaller than I remember them being when we bought one for our niece a few years ago though. They're soft, we'll made, and we'll, different! My daughter loves bats, so we are hoping she enjoys this little guy.
I had to get this because I love him. He is so cute and holds any money I might have.
My 10 year old loved it!!! It's was perfect , great quality
Fantastic!  My 2 year old twins LOVE Cookie Monster and Elmo.  I was looking for something soft enough to sleep with but big enough to play with.  These are PERFECT!  We have had them since Christmas and I have already thrown them in the washing machine a few times.  They wash great!  I throw them in with a regular load and hang to dry.  Both dolls are about 12" tall.  My girls sleep with these dolls, put them in a little stroller, etc.  They are fantastic and worth every penny.  Highly recommended!
very cool looking plush toy  Authentic Minecraft Plush. This is a large, very cool looking plush toy. Trust me, this is the one your kid wants. Don't kid yourself into buying the smaller version. This is also a very good price for this at about $15. Usually I expect to pay $25 at least for a plush doll of this size. Comes in official minecraft box, and all in a protective clear plastic bag that keeps it clean until it gets to you.
I love it
Adorable, love it!
Looks great my son is giong to be very happy  Arrived early. Just what I ordered. Looks great my son is giong to be very happy!
Adorable! My 2 yr old loves him!
Wanted this plush for a long time  I am so pleased with Rafiki. The service and quality were great.
Great
Adorable  Adorable
Disney Princess  It was exactly what I wanted my little sister loves her dolls. There was no damage it was perfect. Thanks
Super cute and got here in time to use for my Misty Halloween costume!
Only a flesh wound  Best 50 th birthday present ever...he is still playing with it!  Say no more...he has recaptured a piece of his youth forever
SO CUTE!  I ordered this for my 5 year old son's Christmas present (all he wants for Christmas is his own pet Perry).  It arrived after Amazon's 2-day shipping (great job Amazon for the fast delivery), I was surprised at how cute it actually was.  The sound is just like the noise Perry makes, which my son will love on Christmas morning.  The best part is how soft and cuddly Perry is.  The fabric is so soft and seems like a great quality!  He is actually really cute!  I know my son will absolutely be surprised to have his own pet Perry, but will LOVE him as well! :)
Amazig quality  Amazing quality! Waifu is here! Been hoping for a while a shiny gardevoir plush to be made & finally it's been done!
My Mini Pomerania Loves Boo  My mini Pomeranian loves to hump this thing all day long.  Just the right size for him.  Boo is kind of crusty now and could use a good wash though.
Great condition  So adorable! Came as described.
Perfect for our 1 year old!
Ludo! :D  I was very satisfied with the quality and he looks somewhat sad, but it makes him look more adorable!
Very cute!  Love this backpack, I used it for my Halloween costume as Hans Solo this year. I used a comb to brush it and it looked great! It doesn't hold a ton or has organizational pockets but is very cute and it shipped out and arrived quickly. It's honestly adorable.
Too Cute!!  Daughter saw this and had to have it. When it arrived so quickly, she was thrilled and even more so when she saw it. Can't get it out of her hands.
Very cute Pokemon  It looked as I had expected. I bought it as a gift for a friend. She loved it very much.
Fine
My daughter got one of these a few years ago when she was hospitalized and it's her favorite toy. The one she currently has is getting to the point of almost falling apart so I ordered this one for when the old one goes in the memory box
Best Teddy I know  This is my daughter's teddy and her other one (her original teddy) went missing, and we were lucky enough to find him here on Amazon. The bear is soft and cuddly, and he is filled with bean like material. I am going to order another one just in case, but it appears Amazon doesn't have any in stocks currently. Overall great bear part of a unique collection (red thread collection)
Nice, big plushes  Came in a day early and my son loves them! Nice, big plushes!
Great toy!  This was a gift for my friends daughter and she loves it! Very well made. Soft and attractive toy. Would definitely reccomend it!
Mew 2 Fans will love this  My kids love this toy...big hog with their friends.
I bought all of the characters for my daughter.  We keep them in a basket in the living room and she plays with them almost everyday!  Her favorite is joy and will sleep with her every once in a while! We have had them for a few months now and they still look brand new!
Bought for my daughter. She loves it
love this
Thanks for the great experience!  This was exactly what I wanted, delivered in pristine condition, and in two days when I had expected longer. Thanks for the great experience!
Perfect for a trip  My 21 month old loved this toy. It was great when we traveled. Small and simple, but kept him busy. Also helped with his fine motor skills.
one floppy antler, but it gave it character
SHE LOVE IT!!!
Adorable...  My 2 year old niece loves this little fur ball.  I just wish he was a bit louder, but otherwise, well packaged and as described.  I'd purchase from this company again.
Fun for kids
My grandson will love this!
We loved it  My nephew loved it!!
Super-fast delivery. Everything just as presented!
Great price  Kids adore this. Great price too
Nice quality and size  Very nice quality. I bought it for mt daughter (23months) for Christmas. I can't wait for her to open her gift.
An Epic Pokemon Plush Befitting Its Legendary Namesake  This Palkia plush stands on its own, looking rather impressive at 16" tall (which seems even larger when next to a petite 6" Mismagius). It seems well-made, sturdy but soft and quite detailed; for example, the darker purple stripes are a matte (almost leathery) fabric, while the orange centers of the shoulder-discs seem to be velour.  My Palkia was very reasonably priced for its size, arrived very quickly and in great condition. My only (very minor) comment is that its right wing tends to curve slightly in towards the other, possibly due to being cramped in a shipping box. However, that is hardly enough to diminish the enjoyment derived from this cool and cuddly space dragon! There may be larger Palkias, but the quality demonstrated by both manufacturer and seller make this worth it, especially for any Diamond/Pearl fans.
Grand kids love it
Sweeeeeeet  Perfect for my boyfriend.. Smile was non stop lol so that made me happy.. Plush is just like movie! Comedy
My three year old girl her Elmo.
My girlfriend loved it
It was fantastic it was exactly what I wanted to give as a present. It was perfect.
Plush Woody  I bought this toy for a friend's child who really loved Woody and the Toy Story movie.  The doll is so cute.  He has become the friend's child's favorite toy.  It goes everywhere with him.  He is easiler to cuddle than the regular Woody that has the string to pull to talk.
love it  I Bought it for my 3 year old son for xmas. Perfect size, good quality, very cute. Would totally recommend!
they loved him.  Gave him as a gift, they loved him.
Great
Great for Kisuke fans!  This doll is great for every Kisuke fan out there! It's definately one of the best bleach dolls made.
Not annoying at all  My girls loved them. I was not sure of buying this toy because I heard they couldn't be turned off... Actually is very easy.
I love it!  So cute, I love it!
Well made posable stuffed dragon  Was a big hit with my Dragon living grandson
It's not supposed to be an empty frog skin yes it's plush!  I love this wallet!! Some say there's too much stuffing nut I disagree, it's supposed to be a plush frog, not an empty frog skin eww haha, it's just like the one from the show! I love it, I had to poke a 'hole' threw the stuffig and get it settled right but it's a very good purse that will hold some spending loot when shoping! I love it and very happy with it!
My Grand daughter loved this!
This stuffed toy is the perfect size for a toddler  This stuffed toy is the perfect size for a toddler!  Very well made stuffed animal.  My 3 year daughter loves TEC!!
A Fine Set  Outstanding fit and finish on these tools. Each level has it's own pocket in the case. A nice idea to keep them safe and looking new. After removing the plastic, my first thought was to stack the set and check all 5 in one motion. Perfect bubble.  I considered just the 2 larger sizes for marking cabinet installs, but there's something about having the set in a case that feels nice.  E
Adorable  I love it, it's adorable - a nice big space ship that is also soft and nice to cuddle with. My grandson really likes it and sleeps with it at night. Very pleased
well made and accurate
Great Nemo toy!  My daughter loves this!  It is extremely plush and soft.  It is made very well and holds up to my daughter's abuse :)
Awesome!  The puppy is really cute! And it's so soft! Makes for a great gift for your valentine or kid. Also, it makes a barking sound when you press it, which is nice!
Love her /)^3^(\!!!
amazing!!  Came super quick and everything works perfect!!
Great toy!  My daughter loves this toy...great for road trips!
My daughter loves it
Better then expected  Better then expected! So cute and big. My daughter is going to love it. I want to get them all!
Fast shipping and great quality.  This was an addition to our annual Elf on the Shelf.  The Grinch played many games with out Elf this year.
Great Thanks
grand daughter loved it as an infant
Loved it
Realistic and beautiful  Like all Hansa products, highest quality.  I have a collection in my living area and many comment on it.
I & our baby love this!
My dog goes crazy for these  The recorded sounds are hysterical and your dog will love it if they respond to squeakers and "real" sounding squeeze toys.
My Review  I was very happy with this product. I initially saw it on ThinkGeek.com but they were out of stock. It shipped very fast and I have never been so excited to open a package.
LOVE  Bought this for my 18 month old who loves Pooh.  He is a great size and soft and huggable and will sit up, too.  It's perfect for what I was looking for and at an affordable cost.
Thank you.
Prime item for any stuffed animal enthusiast.  A very nice example of "The perfect plush." This guy is not only very cute, but he's super soft, and the perfect cuddling size for any child. The fact that he's lightly stuffed also makes him very huggable, a fact that my little sister practices on a daily basis. She absolutely adores this plush, and he would make a great gift for any child who likes stuffed animals, especially foxes! Being someone who, in the past, has had much experience with "the good an the bad" when it comes to plushies, I can say with confidence that this adorable little fox exceeded my expectations. Overall, this is a very nice item, it has earned my stamp of approval!
my kid liked it better than rock n roll elmo!!!  My baby got this a gift and he likes it better than the rock n roll elmo which costs more!
Perfect size for little hands to cuddle
Clean fluffy I love it
Great size and quality  Great size and quality! I got "Oh" for my son first and loved it so much we came back and bought Captain Smek. The quotes that it says from the movie are very funny. It is just such a soft and cuddly fun toy.
Awesome plush set for a good price.
Excellent!!!
So cute and super soft!  My daughter loves this bear!  So cute and super soft!
Excellent!  Sooo cute! My grandson loved it! :)
Sounds Great!  Fantastic product. The voice is very clear and sounds exactly like the Elmo we all know and love. Very cute. Baby is thrilled with him.
Softopus!  Boyfriend bought Hank for me, he's super cute and soft! Love him!
Perfect!  My son is crazy about this toy! Just perfect!
A big hit with a first grader!
Collection complete!
Great toy - all plush  This is a great toy. I bought this to replace another woody doll that my 2 year old nephew sleeps with. His old woody doll has a hard plastic head, hands and boots. It is also missing some fingers which snapped off during some rough play. So being the wonderful aunt that I am, I thought what a great idea to get him a 100% soft one to sleep with! This one is all plush and it looks great. Unfortunately my nephew still prefers the hard woody over this one because he is two and there's no reasoning with him. It's still a great toy!
Cute and scary
Clover is well made & ready for super snuggles! My daughter loves him.
Nest toy I have ever purchased, My 2.5 y/o granddaughter loves buckles and this just fit the bill.
The mom to be just loved it.  This elephant was the icing on my diaper cake. The mom to be just loved it.
Exactly what we needed!  Licensed item, good quality. Exactly what we needed!
Daughter Went Bat Crazy For It!  Really nicely done. Pretty big, too. My daughter loves it and goes with the other nineteen Sonic plushes she's collected on her bed! (Oh yeah, with all those & FNAF characters, she now has to make her own bed!) Just wish it'd laid flat to ship instead of curling her wings; took some time & doing to get 'em to lay flat.
Perfect!  Love this lap blanket and will order another in a different print asap. You just cannot beat 100% cotton, and the print is lovely.
GREAT..
Very well made; was going to give it away as a present but my daughter loved it so much we will most likely be keeping it!
Good size and wonderful color!  I received this today. It is too adorable! It is really soft, and the color was rich. It definitely looks so much better in person than the picture shown.  I had originally ordered for my youngest son. But we decided to give it to our niece. I sent her mom a picture and they too fell in love with it!
Secret Santa  This was a secret Santa gift for a coworker who loves Final Fantasy.  He *loved* it and it has a place of honor at the top of his Christmas tree!  Item was nicer than expected for the price and it arrived quickly.
So adorable!, cuddly, and cute.  Purchased for a Christmas present for my 3 year old Granddaughter and it is the perfect size to carry by this age and size of child without being too cumbersome,heavy,or awkward. It is soft,cute as a button, well made, and begs to be cuddled, adored, and played with. Very pleased.
Great Purchase  Very pleased with these.  They are much cuter than the picture shows.
Absolutely loved them!
AWESOME!
So Cute!  My grandson loved this.  I didn't want to pay the extra shipping, it was worth waiting for.  Cute and well made.
Perfect Totoro  I just received my Totoro and it is perfect! Authentic Studio Ghibli with original tags. Wonderful quality and definitely a collector's item. Totoro is magical!!!
My son loves this! Wants more of them.
I love it :)  "This was the tauntaun I was looking for" 
My daughter loves these plushies good size exactly as pictured
Excellent
The item arrived, I am satisfied
nice size and soft  It arrived so quick, nice size and soft. My granddaughter Loves it
exactly what I expected and quick delivery
I hope my great-granddaughter will love this Elmo also. I think she will.
love it  got this for my son. it matches his room decorations and this is always on his bed.  it folds up kind of like a pillow pet does he loves it!
Son loves it.  My son loves it -- it was exactly what he was looking for and expecting for a Pokemon fan.
My boyfriend loved it! Very similar to the character unlike other plushes. Just perfect!
... as a gift to my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it! The fur is very soft and comfortable  I gave this goat as a gift to my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it! The fur is very soft and comfortable. The goat stands and sits on its own with no assistance. This is a great product.
It's a must!  Great product! Pretty good siZe and looks super nice
Well made....no sound :-(  Well made..One of my son's favorite game / plushes. Only thing is they should of made these with sound like the previous original version.
This is velvety and soft.  There is a bag that Peppa is carrying that opens and closes with velcro. The size of the 2 characters are large and comforting.  Washes well too in machine and dryer.
Adorbs!!!  So cute for the PVZ GW2 fan in your life! The perfect size for a Easter basket!!!
Looks just like it does in the picture  Looks just like it does in the picture. About 10 inches tall. Very firm stuffed animal. Turned out well for valentine's day.  Product info:  Aurora World Miyoni Sea Otter Plush by Aurora World Measures 10" tall Authentic Miyoni plush animals have realistic styling, made with superior materials and impeccable attention to detail Silky plush and soft huggable bodies  Aurora World's Miyoni premium plush animals are made with superior materials and great attention to detail. Each piece is beautifully designed and features realistic air-brushed color accents to replicate the animals as found in nature. Double bagged bean-filling along with lock-washer eyes and nose ensure safety and durability, giving long lasting enjoyment. Aurora World is an industry leader with over 30 years of experience designing and manufacturing innovative, high quality plush products.
He loved it
Got this for my grandson, he loves it!
Best Cholera birthday party ever.  I bought this along with MRSA, ebola, measels and penicillin for a friends birthday party.  We hing pictures of the John Snow Cholera map, which we also made into temporary tattoos!  This cholera plushy was lovingly hung on the punch jar (or pump) so that people would know how serious we are about auththenticity.  This was quite honestly the best cholera party we have ever thrown or attended!
My nephew loved it. He carries it around and plays with it. Very happy with purchase.
Loon Toy.  Loon toy.  Nice recording of the common loon.  I purchased numerous different birds for my grand kids.
Great buy  Such a cute Kirby especially for animal lovers. My 20 year old daughter loves it. Buy one now.
Budding fan of the band KISS and the irony of something docile like Hello Kitty made up like a metal rock singer is a source of humor for me daily.
love it and can leave little surprises in the sipper section.
Cute talking Joy doll  My 3.5 year old daughter loves her talking plush Joy doll! I do think the Disney Joy doll looks more like her than this one but my daughter doesn't seem to care.
Awesome attention to detail; exactly what I expected. My son loves it.
Great quality  This is great quality, I am super impressed by this product, It's super soft too!
Very cute and very soft.
he was delighted. Every 8 year old needs a stuffed dragon  Gift for my grandboy,  he was delighted.  Every 8 year old needs a stuffed dragon, right?
So CUTE!  My daughters are huge Domo fans and this was to add to there collection :-) Super cute and nicely made!
Great for a party favor!  They were a hit at my daughter's birthday.
My daughter loves it
Great!
Great!
Great quality  My daughter loves her Winnie and takes him everywhere. Very durable and safe. We purchase the second Winnie (calling him Brother Winnie) to prepare my daughter for her "arriving" baby brother in few months. We love our expanded Winnie family!
Cute, huggable and excellent sound  I have bought two of these (one for a woman and one for a kid). In both cases, the result was excellent. It's cute, huggable and makes noise. It stimulates three senses, which makes it very interactive. I think that's the key to making it so popular. If you need to impress, then this is an excellent gift.
Son loves it
Awesome topper.  This was awesome! Used it for a topper on a Diaper Cake and it actually matched the bedding in the baby room.
so well worth the lil extra to see them happy!!  Expensive vs the $9-$10 in store for the exact product, but my kids had to have it, so well worth the lil extra to see them happy!!!!! I'm just glad I found it, regardless of the price!!!
Great expressive face  Nat and Jules stuffed toys are always high quality and this tiger is no different. Great expressive face.
My son is going through a wolf obsession phase the past year and he had to have these. He Loves them,he sometimes has to sleep with them. Thank you for assisting to please my little man.
Mr Buckles  Lil daughter loves Mr. Buckles! Had for 6 months & works well for road trips.
Good choice!  I purchased this for my beautiful niece, and she adored it. It was excellent quality and certainly not a cheap version of this doll. very nice!
Adorable!  Not fluffy like a teddy bear, but certainly an adorable stuffed animal!
My little brother loved this.
This is so cute and was an awesome price!!
The exact Elmo we were looking for!  We love this Elmo! It's flexible, soft, and the perfect size! My 2.5 year old boy has been sleeping with this elmo for 1 year. He's held up well in the wash, endured many vacations, and lives through nightly bear hugs! :)
Nice price for this item  Very well made with the authentic Disney seal stitched into his foot. When it arrived it was larger than I anticipated, my son was thrilled! Very good value!
Got it for a friend and she loves it
Fully satisfied with this nemo
Awesome.  Great quality, exactly like the one they sell at Disneyland. My brother loves it.
Adorable!  We've bought more than a few pokemon plush toys and this is our favorite. It's remarkably well made for how cheap it is, and it's just freaking adorable.
Its so kawaii!!!
Excellent. Most excellent.  Exactly what i needed! It's a beanie baby so expect a smaller size. I did so was not disappointed. Will be perfect for the toddler i got it for.
Super cute and soft
Best purchase!  my son loves this item!! i got it for him when he was 17 months old. it is brilliant! i wish i knew about it when my daughter was his age.  he's a little less into it now- he's now 20 months but even if he never played with it again it will still be worth how much he used it.  best distraction toy ever.
Excellent. od quality toy
Adorable!  My daughters couldn't be happier.
Adorable! Love it!
Unbelievably Beautiful!  Why aren't there more reviews or more purchases for this item?! I didn't provide a photo as of now (I will at another time) but the VIDEO provided by Vyshtia is spot on and the doll is even cuter in person! This is an absolutely lovely, cute, big-headed doll. My first born loves it! I surprised her by leaving the box opened next to her bed as she slept. She opened the inside package and came running downstairs to say "Thank you Mom!" I tried to act as if I was confused but she knew I bought it.  Thank you Amazon & RomanticStore!  Beautiful Doll
He's a lot smaller than what he looks like in the picture  So cute!  He's a lot smaller than what he looks like in the picture, but he's still really soft and worth the money!
I love it!  So cute and fluffy! My husband got this as a gift for me and I love it! Great price, great product.
Excellent
this was a present to my gf and she loved it
Wanted the perfect stuffy to match our Springer Spaniel  Wanted the perfect stuffy to match our Springer Spaniel, and this is pretty darn close... right down to the spots! Some beans in the back end like most stuffed animals, and very soft fur.
good quality.  My son loves them. good quality.
The product was awesome. Great size too.
My grandson smile.  When my grandson opened his gift his smile was from ear to ear. He  was so happy to get the angry birds star wars plush. Words could not explain. So thank you for the memory.
well constructed.  Very well constructed gloves. Form fit 3D padded top and bottoms. Great price.
Nephew loved it!!!
Cookie monster is rad, but it!
Great squeak toy  My 10 month old pup loves it and so far it has lasted loger than his other squeak toys. His grandfather thought it was a real bird he first time he saw it in Hunter's mouth.
My daughter loved this stuffed animal!!!
BEAUTIFUL...  GREAT TOY!!!
Two dolls in one!!!  Adorable and very well made doll. Perfect birthday present for my niece and I bought a second for my own daughter.
Love it!
Adorable  This is absolutely adorable.  It's a great quality product and so unique for a stuffed animal. I purchased this with the bigger one for my granddaughter and I'm so glad I did!
loved it.  My granddaughter was jumping up and down, when she opened the box and found her gift!!!!  that's all she wanted for her 10th birthday!!!  loved it...
AWESOME!!!!!  This plush is for those Pokemon players who want to show their pride in Pokemon. It's soft and big and just the right size to snuggle with. Perfect for those outrageous Pokemon fans.
So adorable, my daughter loves it!
Exactly as pictured and arrived promptly.
Great product!!  I love EK Success products for scrapbooking. These are wonderful scrissors. These just add to the EK Success products I currently own.
1/2 as much to buy on amazon than Disneyland....twice as big
Cute  My daughter loves the show Black Butler.  It is hard to find many things that I can get for her related to the show.  Thanks.
The material is perfect for sensitive skin baby-toddler  Will buy from Living 63 again! Details are delicate but made to last. The material is perfect for sensitive skin baby-toddler, and is machine washable!
Adorable.
Worth the money  The quality of this little plush is far better than average. Beautiful fabric and detail. Be aware it is quite small: the 7 inch size includes the pink ear.
Perfect
My favorite character to date.  My favorite character in all Anime. Kirito! It's nice hanging on the wall besides Asuna.
Sooo Adorable!!!  I saw these in a comic book store near my work and I just had to get one for myself. They're weird, but so cute. My ugly doll has a new home in my dorm room. I always get compliments on him :)
My son is going to love this. Fast shipping and exactly as described  My son is going to love this.  Fast shipping and exactly as described.  Smooth & easy transaction.  Thank you
Adorable!  My daughter has decided to collect Ugly Dolls, and Picksey is adorable! She is typical Ugly Doll ugly, which makes her so cute.
Above and beyond  I upgraded from the Energy RC-10 speakers. The RC-10's are good speakers but compared to the VS-260's they hold no candle. The VS-260's will probably be the most neutral speakers you will ever hear. They will bring out any errors in sound recordings you have.  Soundstage of the speakers are incredible. You can hear every little detail that goes on in symphonies and other music work. The louder they are the more you can hear and the better they sound. These speakers are definitively worth the $1400 they retail for. But for $500 a pair they are a no brain-er to buy. You will be shocked and amazed at what these speakers put out. They will put most (if not all) speakers to shame in the $1500 category.
Hella cute bro
Never though I would call a frog adorable.  Absolutely what I wanted.
Thee were very cute - liked by all my grandchildren.
It was perfect it looks exactly like the picture, a little smaller than expected but still great.
She likes it! She really likes it!  A child had selected this as her Dragon TO Be Trained and is working very hard to encourage his good, dragonly behavior.
My 14 month loves this elmo. Soft, doesn't smell, not too small and not too large. Eyes are soft too thus no accidents or ouchies from hard plastic eyes.
It's so cute!!
wonderful gift  I bought this as a gift for a family friend that loves frogs. the smile on her face when she opened  it  was priceless. it's a very good buy
great set!  great price!  love it!
Hilarious!  Monty Python's Holy Grail is such a great movie and we love re-enacting the scene with this funny toy!
Awesome buckles!  Best toy for toddlers who love buckles!
What a great bedtime friend  Our great-granddaughter just loves her night time Elmo.  It encourages her to sleep and has some beautiful lyllabys to doze off to.
Moogle Kupo - Cute and Excellent  Product received in excellent condition, package reached ontime. Fantastic!
THING 1  This plush Thing 1 doll is exactly what I was looking for!  Thank you so very much for completeing the set!!!
Very Cute Little Guy  The cutest little leprechaun ever ... He was a happy addition to my St. Patrick's Day decor.
Adorable Stuff Lion..  ...I bought this Adorable stuff Lion for my grand daughters first birthday...I can not wait to give it to her.  This Lion is very well made , soft and cuddly, and very colorful....I can see her cuddling up to it during story time..
fennec fox toy  Much smaller than expected, but adorable! Super soft,and looks very realalistic. It looks better in real life than the photo, and is sturdy, stands up well. I got it for myself, but my sister adores it and keeps begging to borrow it. It's perfect for just about anyone!
I love my Gunti.
My 1 year old daughter is obsessed with Barney. She loves this toy because he talks and sings
Great for Star Wars and Angry Bird fans alike.  My son first got introduced to Angry Birds (he calls them Mad Birds), but then got into the Star Wars books at school, then the Star Wars Angry birds.  This was a great way to mesh his new loves.  He plays catch with them and also builds his own Angry Bird levels at home so he can send this flying! Only concern about this guy is that he is a bit furry.
Very pleased with my purchase. These are just the right size for a toddler to play with.
Adorable !!  I got this for my niece and she absolutely loved it! It's very soft and cute ! She always holds and hugs it , one of her favorite toys
Very nice~~  The plush is super cute, and I love it a lot since Bulbasaur is my favorite Pokemon. It's more on the firm side, which is good because it'll stand strong on its own, and is still soft to the touch.
Animal heads!  Looks realistic!
cute!
Adorable  Got this for my 5 month old niece.  It is really cute even though it is small.  Perfect for a little one!! Update: Gave this to my niece on Thanksgiving & her Mom says she loves it & wants it with her all the time.
Happy with purchase  Adorable
Loved Angel!!!  Excellent!!! My daughter loved it.
He LOVED it and I liked the quality of the product  I got this for my son as a Christmas gift, He LOVED it and I liked the quality of the product.
LOVING IT  Everything about is great nothing was wrong it was in epic condition!!! :D It felt nice he look awesome although his pattern was a little off like one side was slanted but all in all it awesome! :D
So Fun  This little guy is funny, quirky and great to hold onto when listening to the Cat In The Hat stories or watching a Cat In The Hat movie. He is of good quality and just fun to have.
very good
My son loves him
perfect.  Just as expected, perfect.
Need more
lil smurfette  I love the smurfs and this toy was great.  I'm looking to buy another one, maybe not plush.  I put this one in my car, I want to put the other one with my other dolls.
ADORABLE! Even cuter in person!! 
We love Olaf.  Cute. Well made Olaf. Made my day that he doesn't pull apart completely and is attached by a string so no pieces could get lost.
The children loved it!  Bought for a school project about Texas. The children loved it!
Really good salt!  This salt is really good. Once started to use this salt, all corals started to grow and very good polyp extensions. I am so happy. Not yet used the free reef energy yet.
Van Gogh  I .am an Art docent and want to inspire the love of art with my grandchildren.  This doll and the accompanying book cause many questions and a lot of interest in his artwork and life.
he loved it  i think the dog ate him... he loved it though
Cool  Awesome detail on the zombie my son really likes them.
Full sized.  Very well built. Don't have any concerns of it falling apart any time soon.
Very good product.
Love it! Very cute!!
Our daughter loves playing with this in the car. It's great that it teChes her how to clip several different styles of buckles.
cute
So Soft  Excellent stuffed animal.  Very soft and cuddly.
present super cute ,loved the price
Love the color!  Blue is my favorite color and getting a Furby in this color was great!
Love this mermaid!  I gave this and a mermaid book as a gift to my daughter after finishing her swimming lessons this summer. She loves it! I have bought other mermaid plush dolls in the Aurora line to give as birthday gifts for her friends, and each of the recipients loved them! This doll is absolutely adorable and well made. Happy with my purchase :)
:))))  Very cute fun learning toy, both my 2 and 5 year old love him especially the counting cowboy version. Say 100% fantastic buy. WELL DONE PLAYSKOOL!!! Got it on campaign for bzzagent an can't complain!
My one year old loves snuggling this plush
xmas present!  Got for sister whose dogs kick her out of bed! Lol.
Exactly as expected and arrived on time
My daughter is in love with pokemon  My daughter is in love with pokemon, with the usual shipping she wouldn't get them until the end of the month or 3 weeks later, however this one came very quickly and she was very happy. She has him with her all the time.
Great product  Bought it for my son for Christmas.  It is smaller then I expected,  but delivery was quick for coming from Australia.  He absolutely loves it!
Great for any Chewbacca fan  My Daughter-in-Law's favorite Christmas gift!
Nice plush, buyed it for my  Nice plush , buyed it for my collection
Excited loved  Very excited to see the face of my babe when he got it. So precious moment unforgettable he loves sailor moon
Love it
The item i got was an official USA Tomy Charmander plush from the Pokemon X and Y series. High quality and absolutely worth the money.
Angry Birds Star Wars Bird Chewbacca  My four year old grandson loves his Angry Birds Star War Chewbacca! It was one of his favorite Christmas gifts this year!
Well constructed and good size!  Come on - It's OLAF!!  What's not to love??
Gru is awesome!  Good product.  Slow shipping.
like it
very cute  very cute, nothing bad but i could nit pick at the wand which came very loose
Long haired and adorable!  It is the cutest long haired stuffed dog. Looks just like our Border Collie.  I am going to order another one.
My 9yr old daughter will be happy this Christmas  Thank you got package today. My 9yr old daughter will be happy this Christmas. Did not open. I'll wrap it up for Christmas. Faith Wells my daughter picked this product . Ty again
Beautiful Plushie  My sister got Daisy and she thinks she's very pretty. She's really soft, and she carries her everywhere. She says it's not too big, and not too small. She looks better than Peach because she's smiling, not kissing you with giant lips.
*\(^o^)/*Super Great Gift  One of the best plushies I have ever purchased... You can take of his hood and Sebastian has a full felt head of hair!! Nothing was bad quality... Super soft and I have hung this on my door, vents, and ceiling!
A necessity.  Come in handy at 3am  At 3 am when the baby is crying.  The last thing you want to realize is your only mattress pad is soiled.
Very cute, needs gentle hands  Very cute, not sure how long the head would last if played with too rough.
Adorable. Loved by my 2 yo granddaughter  Adorable. Loved by my 2 yo granddaughter. Very cute and the light up Tigey is quite bright. Perfect for bedtime
4 Year Old Loved It  I bought this for my 4 year old nephew and he loves it! It is now his favorite toy! It was a great buy!
My granddaughter loves her ELMORE !!!!!
Love Wonder Woman  My daughter loves her doll, great size and great price.
One of the best looking hedgehog stuffed animals  One of the best looking hedgehog stuffed animals. Its soft, but not extremely soft; the long hairs have a slight bristle to them. Realistic and still cute, my niece loves it. She's named it "Pokey".
Love!!!  Exactly as pictured! Awesome material! And they are machine washable!!! Great size and absolutely adorable! I'm in love with these!!! We got three because we have triplet boys coming can't wait to see if they like them as much as we do! Thank you!!!!!
Beautiful Collectible!!!  This is a beautiful collectible!!!  Fits perfectly on the nursery shelf.  I would recommend this to anyone wanting a nice piece for the nursery.
Don't hesitate to buy!  Super Cute!
Very well made.
Made niece happy!
grandaughter loved it!
My child loves this.
GOOD HAND MADE DOLL
xmas gift  I was amazed how fast this came I love it and I know my brother will too because every holiday I get him a character form toy story!
Great!  This is a cute little toy that was exactly as described.  Shipped quickly without any issues.  Extremely satisfied with the purchase.
Luigi plush back pack  My kids love this they bring it every where they go great and adorable ,mostly play time ,great to put snacks or small juice boxes
great quality. SO CUTE. It's a great add on to the domo collection!!!
5 year old loves "anda"!  Absolutely love this snake.  Made of high quality. My 5 year old has been sleeping with "anda"  wrapped around him every night since Christmas! Our 7 yr. old has been trying to trade him for his smaller caterpillar.
Grand child lived it
Great, My little Nephew love it, Can't sleep with out it
Super soft and adorable  Super soft and adorable! This is one of the best quality Pikachu dolls I've seen. Though this is nothing unexpected from Pokemon Center. Their merchandise has always been top notch. Highly Recommended.
a vey beautiful doll that came in a beautiful box!
lambchop  I love the lambchop doll..it's more of a friend than doll..brings back old memories of watching the sherri lewis show..and lots of fun during the time of youth..would love to see more lambchop items..
this one is so cute i love it  this one is so cute i love it
Arrived on time & as described.
Simply adorable!!! Will make a great stocking stuffer for my 3 year old. :)
Great item  Stitch is the perfect size for my granddaughter who is 2. It's very soft and huggable.
Jiggglllllyyyypuffffffffff, jiggglyyyyyyy PUFF!  /scribble /scribble
I was very happy with it  I was very happy with it! But when i got it was a bit dirty (there was no wrapping for it)
Cutest chlamydia I've ever seen.
It quickly became a favorite.  My daughter loves her Elmo. She already has way too many stuffed animals, but I figured she needed and Elmo. It quickly became a favorite.
Gift Espeon!  I bought this as a gift and she absolutely loves it!
Awesome son enjoys it  I've had this item for 4 to 6 months and my son still plays with it all the time it's held up very well especially for the price
No more spoiled food!  I have been using these for over a year and they really do keep the food fresher and I am not throwing away my leftovers anymore!  Great product!
Great doll set  Great quality doll set and it's original. I also bought the 18 pack of Mario Bros figures from ebay that are like 2" high and he likes to play more with those than these. Still nothing wrong with this set it just that kids prefers somethings than others I guess. I may end up cleaning them and hang them on his bed to decorate.
So Cute!  Love these cats! They are so soft and adorable! Would recommend to anyone who loves Chi's Sweet Home! Makes a great gift!
You should buy it  Very soft and fits nice. Its good to wear at night when its cold. No defects, color is great. I love it.
Great buy!
Fun!! My granddaughter really likes it  Fun!!  My granddaughter really likes it.  She loves everything Frozen!!
So cute!  My 3-year-old nephew opened the box and immediately hugged this adorable baby Pete the Cat doll. So cute!
It's definitely one of the best looking plushies of mew I've seen  It came much faster than I thought it would! It's definitely one of the best looking plushies of mew I've seen. I thought it might be larger than it really is but that's ok. He's just the size to go on adventures with and his little face is so adorable!
Love  Shipping quick and my daughter loves it
Elmo Plush Made my mom laugh  I bought this item for my mom who is far away and she was sick at the time. Who says that toys are only for kids. When my mom received it she was so happy and laughed so much. It made her happy when Elmo hugged her and she listened to his voice. I couldn't be there to hug her, but Elmo hugged her for me. Thank you Amazon.  Fast delivery and Item was wonderful!
disgust in a good way .. adorable.. my lil friend luved her!
Good quality, good price  Much larger than I thought that it would be.  Good quality, good price!
Great product  Good Quality and our Granddaughter loves it!!!
Love  Definitely worth the money arms legs head move feels very expensive
Soft and cuddily!  My one-year old is madly in love with Elmo. She kept taking an Elmo hard toy to bed and crying when I'd take it away. So... I got this. I melt every time I walk in at night and see her cuddling with Elmo. We actually own a few characters from Gund. They're well made, have bright colors, they're soft and don't fall apart. None of our Gund stuffed animals have collected dust/lint. Happy with our purchase!
GREAT SET
I love it!  Very soft, nice colors. It's everything and more that I expected. I absolutely love it so much. I recommend it.
I would've liked this to have been a bit taller
genuine item
Extremely durable!  Hung this off the bumper of my truck for 3 weeks from Christmas thru New Years. Extremely durable and looked like brand new after running it through the washer and dryer (with prewash and extra rinse on the heavy duty cycle). Would buy again. But I don't need to.
Really cool gift for art lover!  This is so cute and just the right size. It is soft and stitched well. A perfect gift for my 13 year old art-enthusiast daughter!
These are wonderful toys!  I've owned Bucky the turtle for quite some time now, and I just recently purchased Blu the whale for a birthday gift. I was pleasantly surprised to see that all of my complaints with Bucky were addressed in this latest addition to their line of buckle toys. The material is much more plush and soft. The buckles have a bit more slack, making them easier to bring together. The zipper is also easier to do. Even though I wasn't completely satisfied with Bucky, having owned it for many months now, I can say that it was still worth the money. I've gotten so much mileage out of that toy. These are great toys to have in the car. If your baby/kid is obsessed with buckles, get one of these toys. They are great!
Excellent for Baby  My daughter loves this. Got it for Christmas when she was 4 months old and used it to sleep every night. We need to replace the batteries now (3 months later) because we are constantly playing it!
The person i gave it to loves it!!!
I bought this for my daughter's graduation and she loves it, this is her fourth Stitch.  Can you believe she still loves stitch and going to Graduate school MS and PhD.....
Finished our collection  Thanks for the this great stuffed animal.  I gave it my son for Christmas, and he was very excited as it helped to complete our collection of Disney characters.
good
Great Mega Charizard product  I got this product for my daughter. I was impressed with the price, size and the quality of the product. It really is a cute item. I would do business with this company again.
Very Nice Little Piggy  This little piggy is very soft, cuddly, and so adorable.
excellent very sturdy soft and safe Fun Toy for my little DOG!! lol he cannot be without it- hope to get another in case it wears out!!
Barney Yeh  MY granddaughter loves this little guy. she loves Barney and sleeps with him. Some say he is scary but she didn't think so . she is 3
Cute
Grand kids love it.
absolutely lovely doll
Arrived as picture shown. My 4 year old loves it.
a hit!  My 2.5 year old cousin LOVED this. In fact, as soon as she opened it she threw one of the dolls she had received earlier in the day out of the doll-sized crib to make room for Dora and started singing the Dora song.  The hair seems a little bit fragile so I might not purchase this for a child who still puts *everything* in their mouth.  5/19/13 update: Amazingly enough my (now 3 yr old) cousin STILL loves this doll. It lives in her toy crib and is played with very regularly. The hair has been more durable than expected, but I suspect that it would come out easily if pulled.
Elmo the magnificant  Bought for our 2 year old (almost) grandson.  He loves him.  Takes him to bed with him.  Elmo seems to be good enough quality for a stuffed animal, and certainly resembles the TV character.  As advertised.
Absolutely perfect. Ordered for my daughter and she is in love with it! Great quality and quick shipping.
Love it
Worth the $$  Wow this frog coin wallet from Naruto came in just as describe. I Love it!
My son is a huge anime fan. He loves them and they have held up to a 5 year old !
Love  M6 grandson loved it!
Good high quality toy that stands up to a three year old's affections.
The buckle toy is an educational tool. My almost 2 year old loves buckling and unbuckling her toy over and over. It's exciting as a parent to watch your child concentrate on completing a task and being successful.
Great toy  Great toy and made very well!! Our 2.5 yr old loves this toy and has to have it in his bed at night!!
Baby Absolutely LOVED this as a gift. till now Months later she still does!!!!
Adorable  I loved this plushy he is adorable and makes a great addition to my collection of naruto plushies!! It arrived in just a few days and in perfect condition..
Excellent  My daughter loved it.
Great quality calendar.
Good buy  My daughter loved this plush, it was just what she wanted for Christmas. SHe was very happy and excited to recieve this as a gift, perfect size
Always a winner!!!  It's Elmo what more can you say.
This soft and comfy guy sleeps on the pillow right next to me. (I'm not ashamed to admit that!)
Great!  Great quality! No errors perfect condition
Crazy soft and looks even better than pictured  Crazy soft and looks even better than pictured. I came rolled up super neatly and didn't have any smell.
... I gave him George and the dinosaur and he loved it!  My grandson loves Pepa Pig and I gave him George and the dinosaur and he loved it!
Great!!
Perfect size
It came as shown and is very cute. Wish it were less money.
Nice toy my boys play with it every day. Thank you.
gift for my granddaughter who was delighted with the doll
Perfect size  Perfect smallish size for my 2 yo. She loves to cuddle with it in bed and it is the prefect small, but not too small cuddle size for bedtime and carying around the house.
This Pixar monster is awesome. Just the right size to use in my classroom as a mascot. :)
Highly recommend.  Very loved and well made.
Vibrant!  Well done!
In my Christmas Tree every year from Christmas Vacation movie!
Best
LOVE the smell!  I had to chime in after reading the other review of this product. I love this conditioner so much I am worried that it may someday be discontinued, thus leaving me without its wonderful effects. Not only does it make my hair look and feel exactly how I want it, I can't get enough of the fragrance. It has such a dreamy, earthy-sweet smell unlike any hair product I know. My boyfriend also loves the smell - He says it reminds him of so many complex memories and emotions. I will go so far as to say that I buy it again and again because of the smell. It does not smell at all like patchouly, by the way. It's more like cloves and oranges. Lovely!
cute!
My grandson loves it.
I love these slippers  I love these slippers. It's like walking on a cloud. My wife doesn't like them. She says they are scary looking.
Product does not guard bridges as advertised.  None shall pass! It's the Black Knight in the flesh... (wound)... The limbs are precariously attached to the torso via velcro. The stock image gave me the impression it would be made of a harder material. But he's fine as the soft pansy he is, I suppose. Worth a pick-up or your son or husband who's going through that awfully daft Monty-Python stage of life. (That doesn't end, by the way...)
Great Freddy plush!  My son received this for his 4th birthday and he loves it. Sleeps with the Freddy Plush every night. Great stitching on this, and true to the game looks.
Too Cute  Grand daughter loved this for Christmas!  Cute, perfect size for 2 year old, soft and cuddly
Exactly as listed
Good quality. My granddaughter loved it.
Got this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she absolutely loves it.
Its soft and I love it!  Really fast shipping and its much bigger then I thought it would be. Its soft and I love it!!! - Daisy
Fun toy!  Great quality! My son loves it!
This plush has very nice details and its a little bigger then the other luigi problems but its not too much of a big deal its very nice the head is a little shaky as well but in general its a very nice plush.
Shabby and adorable!  Cute shabby looking little fox! Stitched eyes and nose so it's safe for a new baby.
So cute and not too big!
ugly cute  This toy is so ugly he's cute.  Very soft and well made.  I hope he doesn't scare my grandson.
Larger then expected and a great deal!  So cute and Soft! Larger then expected and a great deal!
Better than I expected. 5/5
Very happy love it  Love it it was more than I expect it ... He will be the center of attention for sure on my daughter 15 b-day party . And it was shipped fast
Super cute but we didn't keep it  Super cute but we didn't keep it. It was too big for our Mickey Mouse clan that weve started.
Great toy  I bought this for my 4 year old for Christmas.  He absolutely loves it.  It is really soft and cuddly.
3 year LOVES it  LOVE it!!!!! Adorable for a hunting theme room, however a little smaller then I figured, but still love it
Soft body, hard eyes.  The material is very soft to the touch and my daughter loves it. The eyeballs are hard plastic to be careful against fragile objects.
This toy worked very well for my 16 month old Grandaughter who loves to work on buckles, on her high chair, etc. It is colorful, has the eyes, nose, & mouth thing, which is also very popular with her at the moment. It is portable, and keeps her interest.
For my brother, I don't know much about it but he was enthralled. I don't think it would hold up to a small child, but then, it's not supposed to.
Love it!
Cuteness abounds!  CUTE!  So cute that looking at it nearly made me die.  Oh someone save me from this particular purchase.  Cuteness abounds!
Great snuggle friend for bed time. For my daughter.
Love it  We just got this a few days ago and I have to say that I really like the way this toy allows you to pull from both ends. We have a six month old and he's at the stage where his hands are all over the place so this keeps them occupied for a while anyway. I would definitely recommend this to any infant.
Very cute. It was a gift for my granddaughter. She loves it.
It looks like green Marion upside down!
My Son LOVES It!  As seen on Amazon, and my son loves it.  He looks the same in person, as online.  Thanks  a lot!
Baby Time!  This plush is great my sons love it they are making a dhow where their Mario turns into a baby Mario so cute I am very satisfied with my purchase
Kids love it!  As advertised. Kids love it!
Great for busy hands!  My grandson loves this toy! He is fascinated by how things work and quickly learned how to match the right buckles together we like how there are different types of buckles.
Soft as can be!
So cute. Item as described.
Great quality and came so fast! Its so big and I love the pocket on his back!!
Kupo!!  I love moogles first of all, so this guy was just the bestest thing ever when I got him! Got this little booger as a gift and I just adore him! He's cuddly and darling, just like the picture. Well made, quality material, durable little guy. I love him!!!
Really good  This pillow is really good, soft to only problem i had with it is that its small and wish it was bigger but i knew  it was going to be small in the first place
Expensive but great quality and huge! My six year olds favorite Bday gift!
Sweet item!  My son can't get enough of this Batman Plush! It's the perfect size and is head-to-toe soft, which means when he whips it across the room, everything (and everyone) is safe! All around great item! Thank you!
too cute  i love it.  i saw him with the peanuts tree and other characters at my bank and found them all on amazon.
well made  the doll is well made and the quality is great.  my boys couldn't be happier with their purchase.  they now own the entire collection of the dolls.
Awesome cute babydoll  I gave this doll to my grandaughter for Christmas even tho she's still too young to do anything more than chew on it. (which she loves to do-glad it's washable) It is adorable. I'm sure it will be a favorite.
Great
Cute and perfect toys for the Mario lover!  My 6 year old and 4 year old live and breathe Mario (and Minecraft..lol).  These are just so cute and soft - they love them!!!!
Love the Muppets  Sooooo cute!!!!!!Got it for a Christmas gift and was a big hit, had a hard time finding Muppets stuff and Amazon is the place to do so....
My son is obsessed with sonic ....he sleeps with this stuff animal toy
Great quality. Looks just like picture. Different buckles, not all same, to keep kids thinking!
This is soooo cute.
granddaughter loves it to pieces
I think this is a great way to prepare your teenager for parenthood  My daughter adores this plush toy.  She calls him her baby and wraps him in a blanket and feeds him with a bottle.  I think this is a great way to prepare your teenager for parenthood.
LOOOOOVE IT  We have different pokemon plushes and we LOOOVE this one. Great quality, super soft, great detail. Get it, get it, get it, you won't regret :)
Cute plush toy.
Cute and great size
Very pretty!  Love the doll!
Must Have  A must have for any of those kiddos obsessed with toy story. He plays with it alllll the time and he is now 3.
Perfect mix of our fav. things!  My kids love them!  They are pretty good quality but not a few little things bug me BUT honestly it doesn't matter because if something happened to any of them I'd order again to replace them if I couldn't fix it.  My kids LOVE them!
Peppa sure is cute! My 4 yr old daughter lovers her!
So cute!
Just as expected.  Good plush figures for my son who is in love with Minecraft.  He carries them around and has battles with them.
Chicken Little  I purchased this as a memorial to a dear friend.  It was exactly what I wanted, though in hind site I would have gotte the smaller one.  This one has trouble sitting up because the head is so big.  Alll and all I am pleased.
Great size and wonderful quality. Highly recommend!
This little Yoda is really cute.  It is a gift for my 15-mos-old grandson, and I think he will like it.  It is soft and very huggable for little hands.  It is shipped from China, so took a bit longer than usual to arrive than most things I order from Amazon.  Worth the wait.
I love them!!  SO CUTE!!! They are small. Fit in the palm of my hand and it stand up by themselves. I love the little background it came with. I recommend it as a gift or just for yourself! :)
Satisfied  Arrived on time.  Grandson extremely pleased.
Moosehead  I thought that my little grandson would enjoy having trophies in his bedroom.  His Mother tells me he wants to sleep with them
Great toy, looks like real Stitch!
"Egg farts" - Gudetama  Super cute! My wife became a bit obsessed with this little depressed egg while we honeymoon'd in Japan. Now we have a bunch of little Gudetama knick-knacks all around the house. These were for a number of little hanging places (They all come with clips), so we could have Hanging, Depressed eggs around our house.  They are pretty soft too. As I said though, they do have these plastic clips on them, so if you're looking for a cuddle friend, you may look at the bigger plushie.
Organic is unnecessary, but I love the chime  I am trying to keep toxins out of my daughter's mouth so I bought organic. Since she can't stick stroller toys in her mouth, I didn't need this to be organic. The chime it makes really is a better sound than other ringing toys. My daughter loves it when it jingles while we're driving or if I shake it.
So cute!  Bought this for a 7yr olds birthday. My girls loved it so much we had to get two more!
***REALLY good toy for: Baby, Toddler, Preschooler and even older if your kid has autism, special needs, or needs more fine moto  ***REALLY good toy for: Baby, Toddler, Preschooler and even older if your kid has autism, special needs, or needs more fine motor skills tuning.***  This is around 12 inches or so. Very good quality toy. Embroidery is done well, stuffed animal is a quality plush.  There are 5 buckles of different types on the front and one zipper hidey pocket in the back where you kid can stow small "treasures".  I originally bought the penguin and the dog to give to my baby as lovies initially and then for him to use for fine motor skills as he got old enough.  My 5 1/2 year old who has autism took the penguin right away and started buckling/unbuckling and was quiet for 1 hour straight. That in itself was worth it's weight in gold. She doesn't sleep well which is common for kids on the spectrum and this is a wonderful fidget for her.  My almost 4 year old son grabbed the dog and started doing the same as well as some imaginary play with his other stuffed animals.  I am guessing I will be going back to buckle toy to buy my baby his own. :)  BTW I was privileged to purchase these with a discount to test and honestly review. These are very well made and worth their full retail price.
Happy Grandson  My grandson loved him
Super Kawai  My daughter loves it. It arrived quickly. Price was good. Perfect for Christmas. I don't have anything else to add
Plush Shuttle  Exactly as expected.
So cute  I love it
It is of great quality and was perfectly sewn  What is a Pokemon collection without Togepi? This plush brings back so many memories of the early years of Pokemon and of Misty. It was also bought for my Misty cosplay. It is of great quality and was perfectly sewn.
Got this for my girlfriend and she loves it!
Daughter LOVES it.
Love it  Sonic is a great size, it is very hard to find one at the store, my grandson loves sonic, unfortunately the dogs loves to chew on it too, so this will be a great gift for his birthday.
Arrived on time in good condition.  :)  Received very quickly from seller.  My son loves it.  :)  He's a big Plants vs. Zombies fan.
GREAT PRODUCT. EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED  GREAT PRODUCT.  EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED.
My son with Autism is obsessed with Ariel since we went to Disney. He loves it and the doll is big enough that he can hug it and go to sleep with it hugging it. :)
It is cute. Arrived on time.
Nice size
Awesome  My girlfriend loved it!
Nice and cute !  Came really fast! The plush is as show on the picture but still a little smaller than i was expected otherwise perfect !
She loved it! It's super soft  Bought it for my sister for her birthday; she's been wanting a Fennec fox.  She loved it!  It's super soft.
Delivered on time and matches description.
Plush doll  It was exactly what my grandchild wanted, exactly as it appeared on screen.  It was shipped promptly.  I am very satisfied with the service
Filled a little girl's wish very quickly.
Darling toy!  She loved that it played with her sister's toy!
She loves it!
A great gift.  My friend is a huge Sasuke Uchiha fan, she was so happy to get this plushie. He's so accurate too, I'm impressed.
Awesome! and so fluffy!
So cute!  I bought this to make into a catnip toy for my kitty. I just cut it open, pulled out the stuffing, replaced it with catnip and sewed it back up. She likes to cuddle with it, it's just adorable. :)
Brought this for my niece and the loved it.
Love this for our newborn.  This little Itty Bit is absolutely adorable!  I can't wait for our little girl to grow a little more so she can play with it and appreciate it.  Right now it sits on a shelf and just looks cute.  But I plan on ordering more and getting her a cute collection started.
Big hit!  This was absolutely adorable and the mom-to-be loved it. Such a different style stuffed animal for a baby girl and the socks were delightful. Big hit at the shower. Definitely  recommend this to for any little baby plus their is a boy style available as well.
Perfect for a Pokmon fan  This toy is exactly what I was looking for, for my 4 year old Pokmon fan.  Soft, durable, and totally cute.
Great price
received in great condition
She's Adorable!  She just arrived the other day, and she's soft and cuddly, just the right size and color, and I found that her baby "Joey" is attached by an elastic inside her pouch, so he doesn't end up lost!  Just perfect!
Great product at a great price!
Fling some fun  I couldn't resist picking up a couple of these when I saw them late last year. I took one to a work Christmas party for white elephant exchange. I'm glad we ate dinner first. It changed hands several times and was flying all over the room. It is pretty durable, I don't think I would taunt a pet with it though, pretty sure they would eat it.
nice and soft  Cute, just the right size for a toddler, nice and soft, nothing breakable, can't wait to give it to my granddaughter :-)
Great quality, super inexpensive  Bought this for a gift and arrived super fast and great quality. They loved it. Definitely recommend Great Eastern for my plush purchases.
great buy
My daughter LOVES it!  This is the perfect size for my toddler daughter to hug! Which she does a lot. It's good quality and I know it will last a while, even with my rough little girl.
Kids are happy with purchase.
Long Live IX!  Adorable and fuzzy; plush and tholiny; a quirky gift for any smartypants child and a fitting tribute to the ninth and cutest planet.
These are tiny, maybe about a foot long & the buds are really small & closed. But they are cute for giveaways though, esp for preteens to older because of their size, and for that purpose, will definitely reorder.
Just Awesome. He is my cars mascot!  Its plush a bit smaller then expected but still great size fits nicely in my cars cupholder. And he is the mascot for my car
My daughter loves him and calls him "Fender."  Hilarious.
Wonderful  My daughter loves this Anna doll. She matches her Elsa doll, and she loves them both!!
So soft  We gave Lilly the Ladybug for my daughter on her 4th birthday and they've been inseperable ever since. She sleeps with it at night and takes it to preschool every day. The blanket is incredibly soft and warm, I even use it when I watch TV on the couch. It's way cuter than Pillow Pets but I wish the ladybug could still be used as a pillow after the blanket is taken out. We're still very happy with our purchase and planning on getting more as gifts.
Exquisite!  Bought her as a gift and it went over in a big way. She's beautiful! Would recommend her to anyone.
Cute & Fun for the Angry Bird/Star Wars Fan!  I bought this for our almost 5 year old who loves Angry Birds and has just discovered Star Wars,  is super cute, very fluffy and soft, fairly durable, has been thrown around a lot and still looks pretty much new.  This item would make a great inexpensive stocking stuffer.
Buy it, they'll love it!  My sons are crazy is about these Angry Birds plush toys. They're heavily played, and surely well made.  (Best when paired with pigs).
Beautifullly-made Peter Rabbit doll  I purchased this together with Mrs. Rabbit for my seven-year-old daughter who loves Beatrix Potter's tales and is a great fan, as am I. This is a well-made, quality plush doll and has the most life-like curious expression on it's face, just like one would imagine a naughty little bunny to have! His blue jacket is soft to the touch and has an embossed embroidery stitched on it with a picture of Peter and the name "Peter Rabbit" on it. The carrot is stitched on to his paw and jacket, and his other paw is stitched to his face.  I don't think this is meant for rough play or as a real toy, more to touch and feel and put away in the box. It is certainly collectable, and I love all the little details right down to Peter's brown fabric boots.
My buddy, Pip  I bought this as a gift for myself since I love Doctor Who and have been looking at this little guy for months now. I didn't expect him to be so soft and cuddly. He has become my bedtime buddy and his been named Pip (short for Pipsqueak). I definitely plan on getting one for my little girl when she is old enough to watch and understand Doctor Who. Bottom line: totally worth it. :)
Perfect for a 2 yrs old and above!
Cute and adorable!  When I first saw this I knew that I had to get it for my little sister since she is a Kirby fanatic and now she still loves it and plays with it all the time. Just the right size.
Very well made!
VERY CUTE!!!  Very cute i love him an fast shipping.
My grandson is so in love with it he mades YouTube videos with them he now has all 7
Great  My son absolutely loved it!
A must-have if you love Pete  Bought for my nephew who loves the Pete series. My sister says he adores it and can ise it easily.  It's very well made and he lives popping the button. A perfect accessory to go with the books.
Just what my daughter wanted :)
Soft cuddly and the perfect size for my 2 year old
I love it.
Sooooooooooo Cute!  Our new Niece is going to love this... so soft and very well made, makes the Big Bad Wolf friendly
JUST BEAUTIFUL LOVED IT
Thanks
Got this for my son for Christmas he loves it!!!! It's very cute.
Got this for my sister for her birthday since she'd been coveting it for some time. When she got it in the mail and unwrapped it, she yelled to her husband, "I GOT A TENTACLE KITTY!" He replied, "A cat with tentacles? That's weird." ....And then he held it for the first time and said, "Wow, that's really soft." New convert.
Sigmund for my psych major college age daughter.  My daughter is a 3rd year psych major and I wanted to send her something unusual and fun to compliment all of her efforts and hard work in school. She loves this little doll and the whole collection. This is a well made toy to give encouragement to college age kids, or to spark curriosity and discovery in younger kids. We will be collecting several from the collection.
Cute plush Otter.  Cute plush Otter. Very soft and a great size.
Grandson very happy.  A loveable figure that my grandson wanted.  He was overly pleased with the Disco Zombie and is looking for more to make his collection grow.
cute , but to much money not worth the price
Very well made.
Awesome!!  My daughter saw this at the zoo for $75 and would not put it down.  I bought on here for a lot less and she loves it!  Its a cute stuffed mermaid and made very strong and nice.
19mos-old daughter is in love with it  19mos-old daughter is in love with it. Bigger than expected, but awesome. Keeps her busy on long trips. She'll do it again and again, connecting the buckles every which way. Around the back. Different colors. Same colors. High quality material. Very well made. A homerun toy.
Good toy. My daughter loved this Sophia.
gift  Purchased this as a gift for our 4 month old grandson and he loved the sound and the lights as they lit up.
Just what Santa recommended........  A real hit with my 16 month old granddaughter.
Just know my daughter loves these!
very soft
Very good
A++++  Great!!! Buy from this store anytime. My kids loved them. Great desk too. Three bubble guppies for the price if one.
I love it!  I love it!! It came with ease and looks awesome. The characters that were on this keychain all came in good shape and it looks really well-made and looks like itll last for quite a while. ^_^
Quick delivery  Very timely and cute!
Best stfuffed animal you can give for Christmas.  What an adorable Boo.  My daughter carries it with her wherever she goes.  So cute!!!!
bigger than expected  i got this for chritmas and it was alot bigger than expected:). super soft plush and i added it to my collection. very great for collectors
Thank you!
Great alternative to the Wubba for babies that like a different kind of sucky.  Purchased to replace a Wubbanub since my baby didn't like that type of sucky. It is slightly larger than the Wubba animal she had. The narrow legs on the giraffe makes it easy for her to grip. She does use the sucky at times, but mainly likes to play with and mouth the stuffed toy. We got this at about 4 months old and it has been a favourite toy for the past two months.  Has held together well so far, so well worth the money.
Very soft and well made!  My best friend is a huge Pokemon fan so I purchased this for him. He loved it!
L is super adorable!  I absolutely love this L plushie. L is my favorite character from death note and this plushie is just a perfect way to remember him by. I take him with me everywhere. It's perfect for any death note fan! :D
Super cute! Its just a little larger than i though it would be, but it doesnt matter, i would still recommend to everyone!
adorable for kids
I laugh, you laugh, we laugh  Laughter is good for the heart. Give yourself a healty heart.
So cute!
Grandson loved it  Was awesome
so glad you can find these toys fast shipping grandson loves it thanks
Perfect  Love!!! Just what she wanted and the perfect size to take places!  :)
Good quality.
You can't find something more adorable to give for a shower  You can't find something more adorable to give for a shower. Soft, cute and washable, it's perfect. I bought the rabbit and the bear for twins, they are both great.
Great for a 4 year old  My son loved this toy.  I was looking for something he could sleep with since he loves super heroes.  This was perfect.
Love it! My son it's going to be so excited on Christmas morning
My son favorite mario cat plush  Just as describe and my son is happy with it
Gift
Adorable!
angry birds star wars 5" plush - chewbacca  angry birds star wars 5" plush - chewbacca - thank you, the item will fit well with my build a bear collection
Kind of small but loved...
It is so pretty that we had to order another one because both of my daughters wanted to sleep with it. It's small and perfect size for little hands.
whose favorite books are the Little Blue Truck Books  This was a gift for a two year old, whose favorite books are the Little Blue Truck Books.  This made the stories come to life.  Great toy.
My niece loved it.  I bought this for my 3 yr old niece and she loves to play with it! Her smile made it worth it :)
My daughter loves this thing!
My granddaughter loved it, takes it everywhere
Great Goat.  This small goat is very soft and well constructed and looks great. It is very much loved by it's recipient.
Luna loves it  So far so good.  Was nervous at first that it would fall apart but my 5 month old loves it and it's holding up well.
Pretty Good!  Very soft, looks like the picture for the most part (the doll is darker yellow than the picture.) but all in all, very good plush.
Completely satisfied with my purchase  My granddaughter loves Tinker Bell especially this doll. Very well made and safe for a 2 yr. old. Completely satisfied with my purchase!
Love him!!  Nemo is adorable and so soft!! My Granddaughter loves him!!
Great! Just as described
goofy is my daughters favorite
A new little friend  Product came quickly and in perfect condition. I bought this for a friend, who was absolutely ecstatic about it. TsumTsum Hawkeye is her new little friend :)
The only gift my toddler needed  So, I should have just bought this and returned all of my toddler son's gifts for Christmas. The Buckle buddy won Christmas and I couldn't be happier with how long it holds his attention span. Made well, feels secure.
Super cute!  Excited to give it to my son for Christmas!
Amazingly soft and sturdy at the same time !  Very pleased... It's a Disney product too!
GRANDDAUGHTER IS THRILLED.
Cute Mandrill Monkey  This is pretty cute.  Well stitched and put together, great price.
A wonderful toy for a baby. Lots of interesting parts to keep them interested.
my daughter loves it
We love this Winter Cabin Quilt Set & So Do Our Vacation Rental Guests!  We love this cabin quilt set and so do our guests at Palomar Views Cabin.  It is well made and looks beautiful on the bed of our Palomar Mountain vacation rental cabin. It is just the right weight, colors are bold & vibrant. The exceeded my expectations..a great value!
adorable  my nephew will LOVE this for his 2nd birthday ...
my little nephew loves it  its kirby and my little nephew loves it
love
10 year old niece loves it. He's soft and fluffy
good quality. Wife loves it
great gift  Great!
I love Hank!  What can you say?  It's Hank!
Awesome!  Got this for my daughter she is always trying to buckle anything with a buckle. She has played with this toy non stop since we purchased it!
This plush is perfect in most of the details  This plush is perfect in most of the details, even the tinier ones. I was really susprised when I saw how cute and detailed it is, I'm totally hapy with it.
Perfect!  I love it! I got this for my boyfriend and he loves it too.
Very Cute ()/  Loved It. She's So Adorable <3
my nephew love  Very cute, my nephew love it
Good Quality, Nice packaging.  My son is in love with it! Durable enough to take on a 6 year old.
Dog and owner happy  Forget squeakers! My dog is so happy fetching her ugly bat, one of several ugly dolls she loves. Not for a dog that destroys toys but perfect for one who fetches, carries and snuggles his soft toys.
Cute  This prion makes my day. I love all of my giant microbes. I like the little tag with information about the microbes.
Go for it!  I LOVE MY PERRY!!!! I've had him for 5 years and he's held up well!
Usd to communicate with my legislators about support for PBS and NPR.
I am Sailor Mars^-^  Received my HUGE plush of Sailor Mars today! Very well made with pretty eyes. She is cuddly too!
It is the real deal  Cute , looks authentic ! Love it
om gosh
Perfect representation of a Pikachu  Perfect representation of a Pikachu.  Definitely on the small side, but the kid loves to walk around with it on his shoulder.  Sadly the first one I ordered had a defect from the manufacturer (one of the back stripes not completely sewn to the yellow fabric), but Amazon refunded my money and I quickly ordered a replacement that came in perfect condition.
My daugther loved it. kind of small but its what she wanted
My granddaughter just loves elmo!
cute
My boy bought this to ask a girl to go to prom with him. We have to buy frabric to make a scarf and monogrand the girls name, and year. She loves it and they will go to prom together.
Wonderful little toy and an exact replica of the tractor in the story. Great addition to my Great-nephew's growing collection of toys!
Very cute  Larry is quite large.
Amazing soft lovie  We bought a second one after 2 years of being the most adored lovie just in case.  The first one has not been retired yet but as the little girl reaches toddlerhood we expect more messes and rough use.  We are going to get our second child a Nat and Jules plush when the time comes.
Good toddler size  Son loves it. Good toddler size. Hes 3.
Cute!  This is darling, we have it in the bathroom right next to my son's Elmo potty. He loves it and I think it helps with the whole potty training process.
Another movie night with my Grandson and a surprise appearance by Gizmo, perfect memory of this movie night as he loved gizmo so much!
My son loved it
Love it.  Super soft and snuggly.
Just what I wanted couldn't find it anywhere but here
He is so cute :) Very excited to gift this to my son this Christmas.
Small but nice.
Great addition to the complete set of characters  My daughter loves the Toy Story movies (who doesn't?). We worked on getting the whole set of plush figures that she still proudly displays on a shelf in her room. Great quality and long lasting.
Worth every penny.  My son loves his gummy bear! I would buy it again. Good purchase for the price. The material is good seems to take a good beating from a 3 yr old.
Tired of robotic dogs? This dog is for you.  I've seen the so-called robotic dogs that bark or run around the house, and I've never been a big fan of them. In my book, they are cute, but they just don't feel real to me.  This Boo dog is not like that. It is so buttery soft that you just want to bathe in its fur. So if you're tired of the robotic dogs and are looking for a stuffed animal for your children, I highly recommend Boo. The dog is well made and of excellent quality.
Daughter loves this doll.
I love it very much very soft and really huggable it was not the knock off thank goodness , you should buy it it is really cute  Very soft
She loves it!
The kids love these in thier Easter basket. They smell wonderful.
Nice toy!  Very cute toy.  My niece loves it!
Granddaughter loved it!
my youngest loves it he wishes tho that he could have gotten it while in the hospital
good quality doll  Very cute, good quality doll.
Gift for Grandaughter  Adorable!  Just what we expected.  Quality looking and durable.  Grandaughter LOVED her gift.  Would buy again and suggest to anyone who might want to buy.
its a fun gift  It met all my expectations.
They were a hit!  I ordered these for my 2-year-old niece for Christmas.  She absolutely loves them, and I'm happy with the quality and price.
Good Toy  SO SO SO SO SOFT AND HUG ABLE. GOOD FOR JUST TOSSING AND CATCHING TOO. I LOVE IT. GREAT FOR CHILDREN
Grandson's favorite character!  Walter made our grandson very happy because he watches the Muppets all the time and Walter is his favorite character. Also his Grandfather is named Walter...cute.
My niece loved it!
Exactly as described and pictured. My daughter loves it.
Perfect! Quickly shipped  Perfect!  Quickly shipped.
Loves her Doc McStuffins!  My granddaughter loves Doc McStuffins, Dora the Explorer, and Minnie Mouse.
Shipping was pretty fast so that's an A+  Purchased this for my daughter and she loves it! Shipping was pretty fast so that's an A+! Def would recommend to anyone!
Great details. Great Product.
Colorful Trolls  Nice Trolls! The color and size of these Trolls are well worth the cost.
Very cuddly!  Bought this for grandson's birthday and he ha sbeen packing it everywhere for the last month.
Fun Plush Toy for Kids to love!  Great toy! My son is thrilled with it! Bigger than I thought, so we are happy with the quality and size.
Persephone  Awsome stuffed animal! She looks just like the real one! Now all you need is Sparky! She has accurate black furry hair and the white stripes on her hair from when Sparky electricited her! I reccomend this plush!
Super fast  Wife Love's it.  Super fast shipping
Soft and cute and a perfect for a toddler to carry around  Soft and cute and a perfect for a toddler to carry around.  My 20 month old loves it and it fits right under her arm. She yells "Elmo!" "Elmo!" "Elmo!" Good buy.
Very cute!  My daughter loved the red panda and it was a perfect size!
LOVE IT  I bought this as a Valentine's gift for my boyfriend since we're both in love with Pokemon.  When it first came in the mail (early) I was so excited to unwrap it and the quality was amazing.  I love the feel of the fabric and it was definitely worth the cheap price.  I wish I could keep it for myself, but I hope my boyfriend enjoys having it!
He loves it  So yes I know my 3 year old son shouldnt know who Deadpool is but he saw the dvd case and fell in love. Hes never seen the movie but he carried that dvd case around for over a year. As it wore out we decided it was time for him to have his own unicorn stuffie. We bought this for him and has slept with it ever since. Its held up to much torture. The swords on the back went limp but they're still there and attached so thats not a horrible thing.
Furby did it AGAIN!  I did not want to get my daughter a Furby this year because she has asked for the very same thing last Christmas but seeing her face every time she saw the commercial and hearing her say over and over again that she was gonna ask Santa for it this year again, I had no choice but to buy the thing haha. Let me tell you, she has NOT stop playing with it, she likes playing with the Furby Boom app and spends a long time hatching eggs and playing with the Furblings. I find the thing amazing as well and honestly it is an interesting toy. LOVED the heart design too.
Great Product, large size and well made.
Bought for my son. Elmo works as expected.
Love this dog?  Loved the way it really looked like a springer spaniel. It seems to be made well with quality my grand daughter loves it
My son loves this Charlie Brown. It's the perfect size for him to carry around and snuggle with at bedtime.
My granddaughter loved it!
... daughter has a quirky sense of humor and a love of vanGogh  My adult daughter has a quirky sense of humor and a love of vanGogh. What more could I ask for in a bday gift?
Super soft and adorable  Super soft and adorable! I'm an avid hearthstone player and got this to spice up my stream. Much softer and taller than I expected, which is always a good thing.
Great Product  Sure, it's not perfect. One of the feet has a little less stuffing than the others, but it's Appa. A jumbo stuffed Appa. Get it while you can. You will not regret it.
... being so fat and round but he came in great  This had to be the hardest thing to wrap with him being so fat and round but he came in great condition
Came fairly quickly, very cute and a good size. I bought this as a surprise for my younger brother and he loved it. it kind of has a little bit of a flat head though, if you care about that. But overall a great toy and a great gift!
Perfect.  Great condition.  Great quality!
My granddaughter loves it and received it in the mail on time.
Plush Star Wars Storm trooper  This item is awesome. I ordered for my son for valentines day. We were both very pleased. Great product. Good value.
Great quality
Adorable! and child-safe  I just love this scarab stuffie! I got it for my recently-born grandson, because I was pretty sure he did not yet have a scarab stuffie. It's great! Everything is sewn on sturdily; no buttons or anything, and the black plus is very soft while the gold is very shiny. The gold is also a bit stiff, so it's probably more a play-with toy than a snuggle-buddy, but that's OK. And it is SO CUTE!
I bought this for my sister and she loved it! It is really well made and the fabric is very nice.
Well made and durable  So many plush items are poorly made. Not this plush pikachu. It is well made and durable.
Plush Doll  I would buy many dolls from this site.  I know all my daughters friends are ordering for our new baby.
had to have him  I saw him at the store and knew I just had to add him to my collection.  he is like a big pillow - soft and cuddly
For kids and adults  I bought this for my daughter to go with the Stitch I got for my wife. They're both so cute and mushy. We get plenty of use from them.
Good buy
Worth The Smile  Bigger than expected. The blanket is an actual blanket, not just a decoration.
The craftsmanship is excellent and my grandchild was thrilled to receive it  This was exactly as I expected. The craftsmanship is excellent and my grandchild was thrilled to receive it.
Love the size and quality
My wife had to have it  This was a gift for my wife who loves the movie and had to have this funny looking creature.  She loves funny looking creatures (that's why she married me).  Well made, stands well.  What more can be said.  If you like the character, then you'll like the toy.
Got it for my best friend. Super soft and cuddly  Got it for my best friend. Super soft and cuddly, perfect Mr. Narwhal. She loves him very very much.
Very cute and tall!  Very cute with bendable neck and legs. Not super cuddly since it is made to stand and bend, but still like this. It was a gift for my 2 year old grandson and he is very happy with it.
Simple, quiet and irresistable  My daughter (16 months) loves this toy. It is well made and sturdy. We hide it sometimes so that it is very special and can be used in a pinch to get and keep her attention. She can't unbuckle, though, so there is periodic intervention required from an adult or older child. It's perfect for church, plane rides or waiting rooms.
Excellent!! My daughter love it  Excellent! ! My daughter love it..
Awesome plush!  It looks better in real life than the picture does. My kids love it!
Cutie lil Vaporeon  It is so soft and looks exactly as pictured.  It is tiny, it fits in the palm of my hand (I have tiny hands) so if you want something bigger this isn't the plush for you.
Beautiful!
It's very cool, exactly as shown on the picture  It's very cool, exactly as shown on the picture. Although it's not plush as my son expected, he loves it.
Bought in 2008 and is STILL in one piece!  I bought this bunny from Nordstrom in 2008 for $15. I thought it was pricey but SOOOO adorable. I couldn't resist. I never dreamed it would be THE favorite lovey. The size is perfect for a 2 year old. The way it is pliable with beans in its bottom to make able to sit up. Its face is so sweet and the expression is so neutral that the child can bring their own imagination to it. I had no experience with children, but 8 years later, I now get why this bunny is so loved STILL. It has all the details to make it a favorite. It has been washed several times and looks so mangy now. It is permanently a dull grey color now and it is SO LOVED! I have not had to sew a seam yet. It is very durable and well made, even surprisingly so. Slept with every night, played with all day, and it looks like it will survive a few more years yet. Best stuffed animal I ever bought!
Cute and solid  Strong and beautiful! It holds my wedding rings with no problem and people love the way it looks! And the other day I dropped it and it suffered no damage.
Fun!  This is hysterical. It's BIG and the kids love it. I bought it for a program we run for ages 4-8. The older group (ages 9-14) got wind of it and wanted one for their group! The chicken plays music and you toss it around -- whoever ends up with chicken when the music stops, is out. Great for all ages.
My daughter loves this  This is well made. My daughter loves Corgi's. She has been carrying this around since Christmas and it has held up well. One of her favorite stuffed animals.
good for my 6month old  my girl liked it and it helps her building hand skill too, she put her fingers through the tags and try to lift it instead of grabbing it, i don't know why, but it kinda stregnthens her fingers and motor skill~
Pricey, but so worth the purchase. My son has been playing with this for many months now. He's currently 18 months and it keeps him busy.
great for kids!  my grandson loved it
love it
Love it only sad part is that can't take off the hood but still love it!!!!
Sven is adorable.  Another Disney product well made.  Sven is adorable.
SUPER CUTE.
Great item!
The only screwgun that most people need  This is the second one of these that I have owned. The first fell victim to a horrible getting-run-over-by-multiple-vehicles-because-I-left-it-on-the-bumper accident. (the battery survived)  This driver has plenty of power for most tasks around the house. It can easily drive 3 inch screws into PT wood, and just as easily screw electrical outlets in. I carry it in my toolbelt for all the jobs around the house.  What it is not: A driver for framing your house or building a deck. For that get a 18v tool that has a longer battery life. A driver to install lag bolts or remove stuck nuts. For that get an impact driver. A drill. This is not a drill, and even if you can get the quick lock bits, they just don't work as well as a good set of drill bits.  Bosch makes a great and solidly built piece of equipment.
Very small in comparison with the picture.
my 14 month old Loves This Toy!  My 14 month old LOVES this bear. We bought Cora the pink one and set it up to say her name and favorite things. And plays TONS of GREAT songs. She LOVES it. It was Ssooooooo completely worth 20$!
Super Fun  Got this for our 5 yr old son and he loves it, however it doesn't have an off button so he has rolled over on it before and scared him awake ..kinda funny but now we remove it at night
Worry No More With Wince!  I love the WorryWoo Monster series and all their books and plush. Wince is exceptional. He is soft with silky long ears and my kids absolutely  ADORE him. He is great for play but I also use him to discuss the worries they have... play and educational in one.. can't get much better. There is also a great WorryBug plush that goes with him and his storybook by Andi Green -Don't Feed The WorryBug, is wonderful. I recommend all three,
Love it  My kids love her only draw back is I cant wash her if she gets dirty because the electronic parts aren't removable
Nya Nya!!!  I got Skitty and I love her so much! It makes wanna fling her tail around, nya!
Kid loves it  My son really loved the movie and at first didn't like the purple minions but once he got this thing he loves them (maybe not a good thing!) - all kidding aside, good quality, my kid is pretty rough with his stuff and it stays together with no problems.
fast shipper my dog loved it !
good size, well made, perfect collectible
My daughter loves Five Nights at Freddy's and she went nuts when I got her this...  She loves it.
As pictured 
Pete the cat  The puppet is very cute, and the children are having fun with it.  I hope it lasts, glad I bought it.
TRIGON TOTALLY ROCKS!!! HE'S MY DADDY!!!! LOL  SOO CUTE I LOVE TRIGON'S CHARACTER FOR TEEN TITANS GO! EVEN THOUGH HE IS AN ALL-POWERFUL DEMON-GOD HE WAS REALLY FUNNY!!!  TRIGON TOTALLY ROCKS!!! HE'S STILL MY DADDYLOL!!!!
I absolutely love this little guy!!
She loves it she is 3 years old
I Love it!  Very Well Made, I Love it!
They look great and my daughter loves them  Item arrived within in the time period they gave. The plush toys look great and my daughter loves them.
cute
Very strong, good for hearty eaters.  Big & hardy.  Hubby has cook outs each Monday, the men love these.  Very strong plates
Great quality.  My 7 year old loves these. Great quality.
took a while to get here but good quality for the price
Just what he wanted.  He loves it... although it doesn't say much.. the 5 year-old loved it ..
Cute  Soft and cute. My girl did not like to play with her all the time but it is sooo cute even I love it
Good product my son likes them well made
Very cute  It was a little smaller than I expected but still very cute. I love despicable me so it's perfect. Very fast shipping. I'm pleased
Great little Mario plush. Has a beanbag bottom so he sits up nicely.
Be careful your brother will steal it!  Very huggable and soft and cute! A replacement for my niece's worn Boo. She loves it but her baby brother pretty much has ownership of Boo now.
Adorable!!!!  Got this little guy two and a half weeks earlier than the earliest given ETA, stitching is perfect and he is extremely soft! He also came with an adorable Pikachu button. I was also very impressed with the packaging because he was with another plush and neither of them were squished or wrinkled at all!
So nice to come home to...  Of course its even better when I'm actually through the door, but I do love coming home to this silly doormat, the end of my ratrace each day. Lots of visitors comment on it, its fantastic.
Wonderful Cookie Monster  Fantastic Cookie Monster.  He is wonderfully soft when you get him.  He was perfectly safe to give to my 18 month old, no lose parts, buttons, etc.  After washing over and over again he became matted down and loved looking, but his fur never fell out, and he is still chubby, cute, and everything my son loves.  I cannot even imagine how many times we have washed Cookie, but its alot.  He was a constant fixture to my son for over a year, went to daycare, played outside in leaves, dirt, snow...  He is also priced low enough you can afford to have more than one although I did have to make sure to rotate them to keep them aging equally.  Love this guy.  My only regret is I only see him in bed at night now, the days and innocence of Cookie going everywhere ended too quickly.
but I really love it. It came it really good condition  I thought it would be a lot bigger, as in not so skinny, but I really love it. It came it really good condition, and I love how you can pose it. Love that it is part of my pokemon collection.
As described fast shipping
Grandson loved it !
Cute Olaf!  This stuffed Olaf is just what we expected.  My son is very pleased.  It does have the Disney logo on the foot, and is a good size.
Good size and quality  My 5 year old loves this.  Good size and quality.
Adorable x3  Despite the preview picture on amazon, the product is NOT a bootleg! Little Ulqu has embroidered details and is the official bleach plush! he is soft and adorable, and the perfect thing for any Ulqu fan :3
my granddaughter loves it
good  This is one of my child's favorites to play with. Good quality, soft and durable.
Daughter loves her  She's a little doll, which fits nicely in bed or in the carseat beside my daughter.  She's obsessed with Frozen, so it didn't take much.  The voice is fairly quiet, which is a plus in my opinion.
Very cute! But be gentle on that headlight...  I bought this to accompany the Toad Treasure Tracker video game I was giving as a gift. It's so cute! My little girl saw this and it attached to it now. She holds Captain Toad while watching her dad play the video game and continues marching him around the house and even naps with him. The only negative thing I might say is that the shiny material used for the headlight is not durable for squeezing. I noticed a small crack on it the first day and realized it must be from my daughter squeezing the soft headlight. Make sure your kids don't squeeze it too much because it will start wearing out. The quality and durability of the rest of the doll seems fine!
Great gift!  This was a great gift to go along with the Cat in the Hat book. My friend's kid loved it! The pictures I got back were adorable!
Worth the investment!  I used this to remove 1 layer of wood shingles, and 3 layers of asphalt on my roof. I purchased two and at the end of the project both are still in great shape!
Looks good and built good. Great toy for them to take to bed
Ponies everywhereeeeee :)  These are so perfect. Comes with all 6 of them, so everywhere I look, I see a pony! They're not too big, so they're the perfect size for my 5 year old to tote them around in a small backpack or her arms. She is thrilled!
my product was shipped as a gift in no time, great timing, the plush doll was a great size for a 4 year old, she loved it
Perfect for our Easter baskets  Very cute stuffed toy! Very prompt delivery. Perfect for our Easter baskets.
Nice realistic toy
For Naruto Fans  The recipient loved her Naruto frog coin purse!
great gift  my daughter loves it
Nice Quality, Very Cute in Person  I was eyeing the Love You Forever Fox for a while before buying it.  I already had the rattle version and loved it.  The Fox is great, the fur on the face (and entire backside, minus the tip of the tail) is very soft but it is short and doesn't seem "stringy" at all.  I don't expect it to shed much, if any.  Also the eyes and nose are sewn on, which is great, because there's no choking hazard for baby.  The striped areas feel similar to t-shirt material, very soft.  The patch on the fox's stomach says "Love You Forever", which is cute.  My only complaint is that the arms and legs aren't as "full" looking as they are in the picture, especially around the seams where the arms and legs attach to the body.  Maybe that's just from shipping and the stuffing will more evenly distribute throughout the arms and legs over time.  Even with the somewhat floppy arms and legs, this fox is super cute, very soft, seems durable and safe.... I would buy it again.
My kids love this pig! Its very soft and well made.
totally love him!  I found him today at the mall for 19.99 and was so happy - I saw him here first on amazon and almost ordered them but so glad I waited for the cheaper price.  he is so worth having even if you don't like minecraft - I myself just love skeletons and had to have him
Yay!  Authentic San-x plushie - great price, very cute. I love that she can be fully removed from the costume :)
Excellent toy for my parrot!  This Parrot 8.5" Plush Toy Jewel Blue Macaw Rio Girl is beautiful & high quality & my parrot loves it.
Perfect.  My kids are geeks, what can I say?  They love these disease fluffs.  All of them.  Super cool.  Who could ask for anything more?
SOFT TOY RIGHT SIZE  Needed a soft toy not to big for a one year old. His older brother has Thomas so we bought Percy. Great gift.
Beautiful
Perfect
She LOVED it!  Bought this as a gift for my daughter, she is a major Zelda fan.  She LOVED it!
Perfect and received promptly  Lucky me to have found this Eeyor. Perfect and received promptly. Very happy grand child.
Exactly as pictured  This product is a good size to have for an infant or toddler who has discovered Elmo. It is soft and a good likeness.  It arrived in a timely manner as well.
This is my toddlers favorite toy!  She loves the gummibar videos and this brings the gummibar to life!
His eyes are weird but eh.  This is just amazing and I want more futurama plush stuff.
Well made & too cute!
My grandson lives it but he managed to pull the wires out. So not real safe to put him to bed with
Nice gift  Bought as a gift and it's wonderful. the hair doesn't fall out even after daughter brushed it. Great size and perfect for cuddling.
This Elmo has soft eyes and nose. My grandson loves him.
Cute  Cute.  Kids love these.
My 2 year old loves this  My 2 year old loves Elmo
Glow Worm Smaller version  Remember the original Glow worms this smaller version is perfect for the little ones! :0)  Parents loved it baby will too!
Love it.
Thank you
Love it.
Perfect
Grand daughter loves Elmo  Our 2 year old grand daughter loves Elmo. Since we live 460 miles away we often facetime and she loves to see Elmo and other characters.
Happy with purchase!  I bought this for my 5 year girl who loves Yoshi.  She loves it and brings it wherever she goes, so I am happy.
Very big bear!  It came to my door in a box that seemed comically large, about a foot and a half wide, by two and a half long? The bear is HUGE, I thought it would be smaller, like the size of a tissue box? But it really is 20 inches from nose to tail, and the head is really big. I was pleasantly surprised.
Great Plushy!  I got one of these for free from the Pokemon B/W mall tour in the US. I didn't get it off of Amazon. The plushy is made out of quality material and is great! I really love it and if I get the money, I probably will buy some the plushies of the other Pokemon. Great present for any Pokemon lover, especially little kids.  My only concern is that maybe it is overpriced, but for the quality, it's worth it.
Kids loved it  Kids loved it went with the Horton here's a who Dr Seuss for presents
My son loves Harry the Bunny, so I got this for him for Christmas. So cute!
Product came super fast!! Got it for a friend and he loved it!!
Great product  My kids love to hug and snuggle with this soft plush Caillou. They take him everywhere. Good size for a toddler to hold. Looks just like the character.
Loved it!
My 6 year old grand daughter absolutely loves this , she sleeos with it every night.
Nice.  The quality is great. 10/10 would buy again.
From me to me  I bought this as a present for myself when i turned 20...two weeks ago. Worth it. Best part? His satchel conveniently holds my chapstick. My only regret was not buying one for my 5 year old nephew to wear with me everyday. Best. Irresponsible purchase. Ever.
Perfect  Great quality.. great item. Goes well with my final fantasy collection 
Noice  ''   So cute! I love it!
Good  It looks like the picture and it's as soft as you think it is. This is a must have if you're a fan of One Piece. I'm 100% overall satisfied with it.
Chewish Chanukah Toy  Soooo adorable. Our friend's dog loves all the Chanukah toys we have bought from Copa Judaica.
Adorable and so soft!  This is ADORABLE! My 4 year old is obsessed with the Solar System and has been asking for a Jupiter pillow. We were so excited to find this. The material is very soft and comfortable. Perfect size for kids too! I highly recommend this product!
Excellent toy for your little ones when the Flying Fairy School segment comes up on Sesame Street. When Mrs. Sparklenose tells the kids to get their wands, they are all ready!
Love it!  It feels well-made and the detail is very nice. It's adorable and easily one of my favorite Plushies in my collection.
as shown and described  It was a gift for my nephew. And he loved it right away. Just what he wanted for x-mas. And the features Elmo has is so funny to him.
Adorable! Bought it as a gift for a friend and they loved it!
So cute and a great price!
Happy customer
She absolutely loved it. Very cute  This was a Christmas gift  for my teenager. She absolutely loved it. Very cute.
Awesome gift  Got it as a surprise for my wife...  she LOVES it!  I tried to snuggle with her and got moogle-blocked!
Perfect, she loves her blue Yosi
so sweet  My grand daughter  hugged this to her. I place it in her Christmas stocking so that the dolls head poked out.
My cat Newt just died. This gets a lot of snuggles.
large Boo  The little 4 year old girl I gave this to who loves the books truly loved this stuffed Boo. Well made and very cuddly!
Completely satisfied  Item was exactly as described. It arrived on time and it was packaged very well.
This dog is adorable. My 6 year old grandson loves it  This dog is adorable.  My 6 year old grandson loves it. A bit taller than I thought but he still takes it to bed with him
Very good
which I was happy with!  Genuine disney stuffed set. Bigger than expected, which I was happy with!
Belly Burster?  My pregnant wife loved this more than her unborn baby. 5 Stars! Shower gift btw... I am the father.
I'm in love with this plush!!!!!!
Cute & Substantial  This is a cute plush figure.  Large and very colorful. Plan on ordering the other pieces as a collection for my grandson.
Love the elf  Love the elf. I remember these Elfs as Christmas tree ornaments and love hanging them on the tree. As ornaments they could be a tad smaller and sell them is sets of three.
Great Product  I ordered Peppa and George for my grandson , I received my order within a few days and I have a very happy grandson !! Great Quality!!
nice  It came in an envelope but other than that it was a nice toy with good quality
THANKS :D  love it & thanks for the treat! :3
Cute gift idea for a child who loves ELMO.
my son loves his ChestBurster!!  this is a birthday present for my 10 year old son who LOVES Aliens... he hasn't put it down yet! we will be ordering the FaceHugger next!! very high quality and poseable tail is very fun to play with :)
Adorable!!  C3P0 is awesome!! A little worn but he's a collectible so we're ok with that.
So excited to find it!
The baby loves her goofy
Great Product  Bought this for my wife who loves Lilo and Stitch last Christmas and she sitll does.
Cute little guy  Check your measurements people as it is smaller than you may gauge from the photo...but it is accurate to the size listed. Still loved it tho.
I love Totoro  So cute! Love it. Soft and adorable.
it was a gift but ive gotten no complaints
Soft and adorable. Excellent quality
adorable <3
great size  Really cute, good quality. For the price you can't beat it. My niece loved it and has been talking about it nonstop.
Awesome  An awesome version of Luna from Sailormoon. I'm really surprised how cool it is, even when it's not an official Japanese plushie.
goood
My love her new son. Because that furry thing is her baby. She loves it
But it.  But it. You won't regret it. Soft and cute. Brings me joy and peace when I look at it.
Came on time.  As expected
Rabbids plush  Great toy
Best Luigi Plush!  Best Luigi you can find! He's super soft!
Super soft and adorable  Much bigger then expected. Super soft and adorable!
The childern love this little toy its so cite and has a cute cowboy song
Cute
Best Unicorn Available  For the price, the quality is outstanding. I have checked out dozens of these before I made my purchase. Plush is an understatement, I can't wait to see the expression on my grandaughter's face Christmas morning. This is suitable for an adult too.
She is nicely made and very soft-great for sleeping with  I bought this to surprise my daughter after she completed a task that was difficult for her.  She is even cuter than I expected and my daughter loves her.  She is nicely made and very soft-great for sleeping with.
que buen peluche !!!  este peluche de chuwaka es genial, mi sobrino lo tiene como favorito, es vacilon, y lo anda jalando para todo loado.lo recomiendo es un jueguete de coleccion.
Super cute and the perfect size for a small childs hands
He loves it!  My son loves it!
Very nice, plush stuffed animal. Daughter loves it!
Very nice plush and high quality!
Nice size  Great elf doll! Using this as a substitute for the expensive "Elf On A Shelf" doll. Much larger than imagined.  My grandson will love it!
Perfect Product for my baby who loves Harry!
2 yr old son loves his Tops!
Great toy and a great companion to ABC Elmo!  Great companion toy for ABC Elmo! My 10mo son loves ABC Elmo which was readily available in stores, but for some reason 123 Cookie Monster was not in stores. He works the same way and singes a song about counting delicious cookies. While my Son seems to like Elmo better, he has had Elmo a lot longer. He does like Cookie Monster as well an smiles and gets excited when he sings his song.
Marshfellows for the WIN!  Marshfellows for the WIN! Soft, cute, and absolutely huggable, what's not to love?!
The plush marker was a hit with my grandsons. They have 6 of the plush crayons and create many stories for those. The marker is able to stand on its own on a solid surface. It will be a new character in their stories.
love the plush.
Great plush.  When I gave this plush to my son for Christmas he LOVED it!!! He likes to play with it every day. I would recommend this plush to anyone who loves Mario. Also very well made.
Good quality and my kid loved it. Nuff said.  Good quality and my kid loved it. Nuff said.
Perfect
Adorable and lovable  my goddaughter loves anything horses and this was is so precious, it really hit the spot.  She was thrilled with it.  She is 5.
My son is a huge Mario fan!! He has a huge plushie collection.  He loves this Luigi.  He's well made and my son is thrilled with how durable he is.
Smaller than expected, but she is cute. Welcome addition for my Dr Seuss themed playroom for my grandchildren.
great product
Perfect Plush Toy for 1-Year-Old  I bought this for my 1 year old son for Christmas.  He adores Sesame Street, and Elmo in particular.  After some research, I settled on this one, primarily because it is a simple plush toy.  No music, lights, etc.  And the eyes are soft, so I didn't have to worry about it being a choking hazard.  He absolutely loves it!  He sleeps with it every night, and it goes everywhere with us.  Even after several washings, this toy has held up well and still has no holes.  I am now ordering a second one to have as a backup, because he would be absolutely devastated if something happened to it.  Needless to say, I definitely would recommend it.
Adorable  I bought this for my son's monster themed nursery and he loved it. He "nurses" the monster all the time and cuddles it. This is the second we have bought because my husband lost he first at the airport. It washes up very nice, as well.
I am very fond of this little hippo, but I must admit that I am not using it as it was intended. I removed the jiggler-giggler ball that was tied inside him with a ribbon, and I gave it to the cat. You can always put it back in, but the cat's face when he bats it and it goes off jiggling and giggling is worth the price of admission alone! Meanwhile, Happy the Hippo serves as a neck support for me when I nap or work in my recliner. He's much better company than a traditional neck pillow.
He loves him  My son loves him.
Glad I splurged-"Buckle" keeps our 22 month occupied everyday  I almost didn't purchase this toy since shipping wasn't free. Glad I splurged-"Buckle" keeps our 22 month occupied everyday.
Cute, Cuddly and Durable  My 2-yr old loves this doll...sleeps with her and gets so excited to see her every time. Doc has now officially been apart of our bedtime routine for a month now and I'm sure there are many more ahead.
This is well made--you can tell much of it is hand-sewn. They are kind of pricey though. I wouldn't buy another one unless there's another sale (this one was 50% off).
I love this dog! It's the cutest! I'll probably order another for someone else too.
EXCELLENT SERVICE. LOVED THE TOY.
3 yo son was thrilled  My son loves this tractor!  He sleeps with hard toy tractors, so I got him this for Christmas.  Now he sleeps with this!
The best plush to go with blue milk!  Like or don't like, there is no try.
Miffy books and doll are great for 2 year olds  I purchased this doll to accompany a Miffy book as a gift for my grandson upon the arrival of a new sibling. He was delighted!
Great disposable platters, even better price!  These Dixie platters are great for picnics and family gatherings.  They are durable and hold a lot of food.  The price here on Amazon is fantastic.  You need these!
Heavy duty, quality product. Still in use after 7+ years.  Heavy duty, quality product. Sockets are snug but not too tight so it's not a hassle to remove cords you've plugged in. I've been using it for about 4 years now (purchased in June 2007) and no problems at all.  UPDATE: Still in use after nearly 8 years with no problems. We've unplugged and plugged in pcs, printers, cable/internet routers, lamps, and more with no problems. No damage to electronics after all these years, even though there have been blackouts that could easily cause power surges (when the power comes back on).
great product  This is a very soft Elmo even with the ABC voicebox in the belly.  I'm thrilled with the quality and the identification for the push button is sewn in so my daughter can do it on her own.
great
It was epic for my kid:)
My daughter loves this doll. Made very well and exactly as described.
Very, very Good Buy  Very, very Nice
Fantastic Fennekin great for all ages  I bought this for my oldest daughter. She's 11. Fennekin is her favorite new starter pokemon. She has it with her constantly when she's at home. To the point she had to fight her younger sister for it. Of course her sister is only 16 months old so the younger one wins a lot. Lol. It has been great so far and kept up well to the abuse from the 16 month old. Actually she walks around kissing it and it's almost as big as she is. It was a great purchase!
Exact replacement. Well made. Would by again.  Used to replaced my original cable damaged in a crash about a month ago. Working great!
Umbreon Plush Poke Doll  My son, who is a huge Pokmon fan loves this!  He takes it everywhere with him.  It is very nice quality.
Cute  This plush looks just like in the picture, good quality and so soft. I got my item on time. I think they made a good job with this plush indeed.
Absolutely wonderful!!!!! My granddaughter just loved it!  She carried it with her everywhere she went for the Christmas Holiday
Quiet, challenging toy  Grandson one and a half years old loved this quiet toy. It captured his attention in the middle of Christmas gift giving. Keep his attention for 30 minutes or more with all the other toys around. Great for car and plane trips.
The little girl I bought it for loved it, and of course we had to try it out:-) I thought I may have to buy one for my dad...haha....I loved this product so much, I bought another one for my friends baby.
my grand-daughter loves sulley! she sleeps with him and snuggles with him.
Great! Soft and lovable
LOVE IT
authentic Disney!!! my daughter loves it!
Great Stuffed Toy  This stuffed Elmo is such a perfect toy for anyone who watches Sesame Street.  It is a great size and is very cozy.
Cute  My son love angry birds and star wars and asked for this for Christmas. He loved it. It is very cute.
BIG HIT with infant and toddler both!  We absolutely LOVE the glow worm. Our 3 month old got the pink one for Christmas, she really really likes it, she just stares at it and falls asleep! When her two year old brother saw it, he just had to have it. So we immediately ordered the blue one through Amazon. This glow worm is my toddlers new best friend! He loves to stick it in the back of his dump truck and drive around with the music playing. But he also loves this thing for bedtime too! He hops in bed and grabs his glow worm and just hugs him and falls asleep. Even in the middle of the night when he sometimes wakes up, he no longer calls out "mama mama mama" he just grabs his glowworm and turns it on. It's pretty cool! We really love these things and they work great for all ahead.
Everybody loves Elmo.  Babies love it.
Not cheap looking - perfect stocking stuffers for our kiddos  Arrived promptly, size and shape as described.  Not cheap looking - perfect stocking stuffers for our kiddos!
thanks
Gift for my girlfriend; she loved it!  I bought this as part of my gift for my girlfriend; and she loved it.  Its extremely soft, well made, and "adorable"-(her words not mine).  Plus, its a great value and the perfect size; not too big, not too small. Recommended as a gift for someone special .
Would buy again.  Came earlier than expected and looks exactly like the picture. I thought it was going to be bigger but then again I didn't pay too much attention to the size described. Soft and does not have any kind of funky smell.
Best toy ever!  This is the best toy ever! It keeps my 1 year old grandson happy for literally an hour at a time.
Amazing!  Everything that I wanted was what I got. The description was perfect and the picture is exactly what I wanted.
Daughter loves it.  Arrived quickly.
Great Toy  My grandson loved it
awesome monster  This is just absolutely adorable My grand babies will love it. Seems very well made. Very nice
Minecraft Zombie plush  Looks exactly as pictured
Great teaching tool  I teach college-level environmental health, and I have been slowly growing my collection of these for about five years.  They aren't cheap, so I only get two new ones each semester, but my students find them amusing and since I am a visual learner, I know I must have a few in my classroom too.  I see if they can use these to commit the real microscope slides to memory.
My daughter was very pleased and looked just like picture! It also arrived early!
Perfect for the plane  My girl loves it.  Perfect for the plane!
Great buy and well made  Very cute and the design is very clean. I love Arcanine but this Growlithe really reminds how much I just really love both. He's soft, stands great and looks amazing.
just the perfect size to be hugged by my daughter  The plush toy is soft and cuddly, just the perfect size to be hugged by my daughter.
Cute piggies  Love it! Very cute and exactly what we wanted
She has loved that thing to death for 1  we didn't buy ours off amazon. It was given to my daughter by a nurse when we had my son. She has loved that thing to death for 1.5 years now. Her "elmo bear" sleeps with her every night. he has gone through the washing machine just fine. He's very soft now but he is perfect.
Super cute.  We love it!
Won't Let It Go :)  My Grand Daughter won't let it Go...
Smile on my daughters face!
Lots of fun for all!  This toy has provided a lot of entertainment for our adult children as we root for our St. Louis Cardinals against the Chicago Cubs.  It also came in handy to share a little joke with our guests from Germany as they sang a folk song about a Swabian farmer and his goat.  We had a great laugh. When our little goat is retired at the end of the baseball season our new grandson will be old enough to enjoy him for many days!
My niece LOVED it! Most importantly  High quality plush. My niece LOVED it!  Most importantly, she recognized the character immediately.
my granddaughter was so happy she was all smiles when I give it to her.
AWESOME for any little Elmo lover! Bigger than expected.  I did read that this Elmo plush measured 13" .. but I honestly was still surprised by how big it was. I guess in my head it was smaller/thinner ...but, it is big (not too big).... like "small baby doll-size" big. My 8 month old son loves it! It is also very soft .. & squishy. WIN-WIN for the price! Gund toys are definitely high quality! VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE!
My little one loves it!! Has dragged it around all day!
It's just adorable as it looks!
Plush Deer Taste like Stuffing..  It was a gift for my husband.  It was a big hit. He did not get a deer the year, so not deer meat.
This a great product...so versatile .
So cute!  Got a bunch of these for a gift and they loved them!
My students love this plushie so much!
Cute  My daughter loves it and fits perfectly to all her collection she has in her room. That's all it matters for us.
Medium firm foam used?  I was asked... is this a horse or a giraffe? haha  Hmm this is made up of a pretty soft exterior material (excluding the fabrics portion on the nose and the seem-to-be-felt material @ the bottom) .  However, the foam used inside toy is considered medium firm? so its not like the normal plush toy where its really so soft to the touch. Overall I still like it.
In a few hours that thing is going to burst through your rib cage... Any questions?  I love it! Best to cuddle with, and since it's poseable, it's best to move around! even though it ate my friends face, it's still adorable!
GREAT PRODUCT  Product is as described, soft plush, true to size & adorable! Arrived in beginning of delivery range, is great condition & packaged well. Well worth the money.
Great toy  My grandson love them
very cute
Daughter loves it.  Daughter loves it. It looks very decent to me, great quality. It is not falling apart as I expected based on price. And she sleeps with it.
Nice and big, great price  My little girl bought this for her brother for his first birthday. He LOVES it. Carries it around by the "ears" and shrieks with laughter. I got it for about $4.99 and was SO tickled! Perfect for his monster party too :)
Cute!
I got this as a gift for a family member and she loved it. Not much to say about the product since it is a plushie so what you see is what you get.
favorite character from the legend of zelda
Absolutely adorable. Boyfriend loves otters and loved this.
Mini tsum tsum's....perfect  Wonderful....just what my granddaughter wanted.
Penguin Rules!  This little penguin was a great hit with my great grandaughter, age 2. We put goldfish crackers in the little zipper pouch and she was busy eating them and unbuckling the multicolored straps. Her dad said it is her current favorite toy!
It's a Narwhal and it's soft! Enough said.  It's a Narwhal and it's soft! Enough said.
Good
Well Made Plush  I ordered Policeman Harry the Bunny and it arrived wrapped in a bag. I love it as it reminded me of Judy from Zootopia. It is stitched nicely, and the details are very well made. The material it is made out of nice and soft. The plush is stuffed evenly, though I wish there was some stuffing inside the police hat so it can stay up and not bent. The details on the face are all sewn on. I tried pulling the poor bunny apart to see how much force it can handle, and not a single stitch came off. Note that the details on the plush's outfit (buttons, badges, belt, pockets) are printed and not sewn on. With that being said, I would not trust a baby with this plush since the stamp material can come off if scratched or chewed on. I have not tried washing it to see how durable it is and whether colors stain, but I would only do so in cold water in hand wash setting if needed. Overall, this is a high quality plush that I would recommend for young children maybe 2+ years (no babies!) I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Baby cat  Happy
Such a great buy!  My Grandson was thrilled. It arrived right on time & he takes it everywhere he goes. If he's happy, I'm thrilled! Thank you very much!
He's cute but had to get the bigger one  This is my travel Doctor, I ended up getting the medium size one for my bed. Now I'm working for the bigger one even still.
Great material. Well made.  Adorable. Son loves it. Perfect size and great material
best ever!!  was a gift for the GF and she loved it! recommend it to any pokemon lovers out there!! get it!
My three year old grandaughter is obsessed with the movie Frozen.  She knows all of the songs and many of the words.  When she saw this doll in  a friend's hand she really was taken with it and did not want to give it back.  So, despite the hefty price tag, I bought it for her and gave it to her at the beginning of a two week visit.  While staying at my daughter's house  I was able to observe on an hourly basis how much my granddaughter loves the Anna/Elsa doll.  She carries it everywhere with her.  She loves turning it upside down and then talking to the opposite doll.  At bedtime her mother tells her all about Elsa and Anna's adventures through the voices of the doll as she listens intently.  The doll itself is beautifully made.  The faces and hair exactly resemble the characters in the movie and the fabric of the dresses is very nice and also an exact replica of the dresses worn at  Elsa's coronation. The doll is plush, soft and pliable and should wear well over time.   If you wish to give a very special gift to a child who loves the Anna/Elsa character this doll is it.
Adorable!!!!  Adorable!!!! Thank you!!!!
This is wonderful
fast delivery recipient liked gift
Very nice collectible, mint condition, costly but it worth it !
Thank you so very much! :)
Perfect for a young Elmo fan!
Soo adorable and soft...the cutest stitch ever
Perfect size to keep on a desk at a psychologist's office! Quite snuggly too
Love it. Thank you.  Well, I am a lot older than 3 but I guess its OK for me to have it. I am however running out of the designated space for my Tardis collection. New desk or new house? If one of them was the real thing it wouldn't be a problem. Sigh....
Mt grandsons love it.
Great bird!  This Obi Wan Kaboomi bird was exactly what we hoped it would be.  The light saber sounds are awesome.  We have several of the 5" plushes with sound and this one fit right into the group.  Our 4 year-old loves them.
Perfect Elsa for Toddlers  This doll is completely gorgeous. She has a velvet feel to her which is perfect for my 2 year old. She carries her around everywhere. This Elsa is very well made, and we just love the fact she has her 'Frozen Fever' dress on. She's 20" which is a good size for my toddler to cuddle with. So happy we got her!
What a nice, soft Pluto. Our grandchildren love it!
My favorite plushie!  THE PERFECT PLUSHIIIIIE!! I bought it from DeputiJapan and the item is 100% authentic! She is soft and fluffy and cute and well made!! I love her!
as advertised
I love it!
Love it! Looks exactly like on the pictures.
Love Domo, and he's even better in a panda costume.  love it, as does my 8-year old.  A real favorite.
Sewn well  Detailed plush, sewn well.
Better than Berk!!  Great plush toy for the Hiccup in your life! My son adores this Toothless plush.
My granddaughter was nuts over this!!  We got it for her because she moved away from her cousin Maeve, who she said was her sister.  She named the doll Maeve and talked to it.
Great purchase.  So cute. Great quality. My 4 year old son carries her everywhere and she's held up just fine.
Very soft and a cute toy.
My daughter loves the grinch so I was pleased to find this little guy  My daughter loves the grinch so I was pleased to find this little guy! He is so cute, soft and cuddly. He is the prefect size for her to carry around and pretty durable. She is three so she carries him around by his hat lol Cute little guy for a good price. Me and my little girl are pleased with this purchase.
Cute hanging out in my room...  I just love the cute, fun, soft, and cuddly Ugly Dolls... What more can I say?  Everyone seems to love them.  Who knows?  Maybe they will help little kids stop being afraid of "monsters"... Just tell them that monsters are scared of the Ugly Dolls.  :-D  I'm 43 years old and have 4 of them in my room, and have had NO issues with monsters coming into my room at night, nor are there any monsters in my closet or under my bed.  If I could add pictures I could show everyone how monster-free my room is.  Hard to believe, but true!  :-P
My toddler loves it!  Love this! My toddler loves it too! She runs up to us and puts it on our faces and screams! Lots of laughs for everyone!
Just like the picture. My niece takes it everywhere now.
He is great!  This guy is wonderful!!  Love his legs and the eye's!!  He sleeps with my grandson every night!  Love him!! Thanks
Great quality stuffed Animal  Great heifer stuffed animal its large and works great for a warm fuzzy pillow
Great craftsmanship and cuddly friend  The likeness of one of the most beloved characters of the Animal Crossing series is captured in this plush that is a perfect size for travel or for personal collections. The colors used are bright, the material is soft, and the stitching adds texture in all the right places that shows amazing attention to detail. It is the perfect gift for both children and adults.
Cutest soft owl!  Cutest thing ever! Was bought for the top of a diaper cake for my grandson's baby shower. Then it will be his favorite soft owl toy I'm sure!
Very cute and a good size.  My 3 year old will love it!
Just perfect!
This made for an adorable gift for a dino-loving 4 year old  This made for an adorable gift for a dino-loving 4 year old. It is soft and has nice neutral colors that don't clash with her room. It is the perfect snuggling size for a little one, and I'm pretty happy with the purchase!
Super!  Got these 2 on time and well made. Note that they are a bit small but still a good size for a child. Really cool :)
GREAT SERVICE!!!!  Product was AWESOME!!!
Soft  My favorite ugly doll. He is about (guesstimate) 11" so he is a good size. Looks cute in the passenger seat of my car. I have no friends lol
Beautiful  This is a perfect, soft toy for a baby.  I bought this for a shower gift and it is beautiful and will last.  Also, it can be washed which is nice.
cute  I love this it is the perfect size for my frozen care package I am putting together for a dear friend
Got this as a gift for my best friend who lives very far away from me... She loves it!!
He loved it
Cute baby elephant  It was a gift for a younger cousin; very cute.  True to description.
Everything was perfect thank you!
My 18 month Granddaughter loved her Easter lamb  My 18 month Granddaughter loved her Easter lamb!  I didn't see it as she lives in another state, but her Mom liked it, too.
Grandsons loved finding these in their stockings!
He is extremely happy with the purchase  My 9 year old son picked and paid for this.  He is extremely happy with the purchase.  He loves the tag on it too.  As for bootleg or not, I have no idea, but for the look and feel and quality for the price I think it is great.
Granddaughter never put it down after opening it!  Even took it for sharing at preschool!!
Gotta love the grrr
Humphrey  I love this elephant
They don't get softer or cuter than these!
I LOVE THIS!!
Great quality item.  This is a great item for a great price.  It's a standard size plush toy with an identical quality as purchased at the store. The item arrived quick and secure.. Very satisfied customer.  Will purchase again.
loving the minions  They are minions! They are awesome!
Niece loves it  This went in an Easter basket for our 3 month old niece. Her parents tell us she really enjoys crinkling the wings
WOW. SUPER AWESOME!!! GF loves it.  Surprise gift for my GF. I thought she was going to explode when she saw it. Thank You!!!!
Nice  Very good quality.
This elephant is SO CUTE! Even cuter in person, if you can believe.
Great item. Would buy again.  I bought this for my 8 y/o 's birthday; it was a wish list item. I received it pretty quickly in the mail. Good quality and larger than expected.
It's going to be my great nieces favorite toy
Its so cute
So adorable  He looks just as adorable as he is in game. The material is very good and the size is just what I expected. He looks so cool around my desk in my room. A must have for Animal Crossing fans.
Arrived quickly and safely, still inside original plastic wrap! Very cute
Angry Birds Star Wars 8"- Chewbacca  My daughter loves this angry birds star wars Chewbacca. It's big and easy to carry around.  Very fluffy and plush.
They were cute!!!  Gave them as a gift!!!
Great best friend for toddler  I bought this to prevent my toddler from carrying around my old tickle me Elmo.  That one is hard.  It worked very effectively.  Also important to know, Elmo is not afraid of the dark, or flying in airplanes, or doctors.  Also has no problem being diapered,  sleeping in a baby doll bed or riding in tiny little strollers and grocery carts.  Great size for toddlers to carry
Cute! Well made  Super cute
A great imaginative toy!  We received a Let's Imagine Elmo from BzzAgent and Playskoool. I have to say that both our 2 year old and 4 year old love it!  It is a fantastic toy that definitely encourages counting, singing, and of course imagination.  Our 2 year old is most drawn to playing with the different hats and listening to Elmo talk and sing - she likes dancing and tickling him and is getting there with completing the activities.  Our 4 year old likes playing with the counting and different games and teaching his sister to follow the directions to get Elmo to "reward" them at the end for completing the activity The age group recommendation is 2-4, so they both hit right into that age recommendation.  They both like switching the hats out on Elmo - and even putting them on some of their other toys, while Elmo is wearing a different hat, ha! They seem to like all three hats equally - the cowboy hat is a lot of fun and our little girl loves saying yeeee-haw when she puts it on him. The captain hat is also fun, and of course Prince Elmo is a big hit. :)  I think this toy would make a great gift for anyone in this age group, and even beyond the 4 year old group - 5 or even 6 if you have a Sesame Street fan. :) He's not a stuffed toy, so do remember that (he has a hard bottom) but he's definitely soft furred.
Adorable little pony
Awesomeness for bubble guppie fans!  Amazing item. True to description. Lots of negative comments about size, however size is listed and it's not that bad. I was nervous thinking it was going to be a mini doll but it's not too shabby. Pictured next to an iPad mini, def love the item so does my daughter!
My grandson is soooooo in love with it and he has it every where he goes
Good stuff.  i was worried about how hard the metal is. the steel bolts i use to thread into this are good hard steel. i worried about cross threading and stripping. these are good for around thirty cycles. more than adequate for my applications
Smaller than I expected but looks nice
baby elmo-just the right size  My grandson loves this Elmo.  Baby Elmo is the right size for my 1 1/2 yr old grandson to tote around.  He sits with him & fits just right in his backpack for day school.
New Condition
GREAT and beautiful item
Great product, fast shipping
For the comic fan!  Awesome plush to show your love of not only Black Panther, but also the new Capt. America flick. Added to my other plushes:  Deadpool, Cap, Iron Man, and Flash (yeah, I know he's DC, but I'm a comic fan, not a brand fan). If you're a fan of the comics, or just the movies, I would suggest getting this little guy. Glad I did. Looks great.
The little munchkin loved Lorax!
My thoughts on this itembdoesn't exactly matter. The smile on my daughter's face is all the proof i need that this is a good product. The shipping was very fast but thats all. My daughter loves them
Awesome  Add it to your collection today.
Good looking, good quality  Good quality - looks nice - size is small, but that is what was advertised and perfect for the kid who has a lot in their room already - like it a lot!
Loved this item.
Perfect  I love it even more now then I did when I bought it!  My daughter loves carrying around her giraffe toy so I figured tgisbwould be great for her, she loves it!
Perfect!.!.!  My son loves it. I don't know why it's received bad reviews. But it's exactly as described.
Just as expected!  This Bernie doll arrived right on time and looks just like the picture! I'm really pleased with how well-made it it, too. I thought it might be smaller than expected, but it's perfect! I'm considering buying another for a friend. I truly can't get over how cute it is.
Adorable and exactly as pictured.
The Feel 2!!!  Just can't enough of Olay and it's product line.  Will continue to use when I can afford.  Love, love and love again.
great gift  This was purchased for my grandson for Christmas and he enjoyed it. It was smaller than I thought but it still was a great gift for him.
Great for small dogs  I got these for Christmas for my son's dog who is treated like his first child. The dog has a basket full of toys, but has played with nothing but these for weeks now. With all that playing and shaking they do eventually wear out from the dog's teeth and come apart, but she got plenty of play time with them.
great
Great buy for kids.  I had no idea what this was but my son loves. All plant vs zombies are cool gifts for this lil man.
Everyone needs a Sloth Friend  Cutest ever.  Good quality and my daughter loves it!
My son loves Pokemon
Adorable, soft and cuddly
Good product and fast  Thank you! Good product and fast shipping
Great value!!!  Great value, my son loved it
My son loves his plushie!!
cool
Hysterical and totally adorable. Looks just like Chewy  Hysterical and totally adorable.  Looks just like Chewy!  Gave this as a gift after a Disney trip to my brother-in-law.  He loved it.
Good quality, nice size, delivered quickly  Great Kirby plush! My two 8yr old Kirby fans think this guy is amazing, and the price is right for me. It's a good size, and has withstood being thrown across the room and attacked by our plush waddledee/waddledoo!
I love Kirito so  I love Kirito so, I was very excited for this to come in! It's perfect when I opened it! Except there are some marks on the left cheek which bothers me just a bit.
Gift
Nice!  Really nice. Soft and well made.  My kids love it.
Received just as expected.
So cute!  I bought these for my 5 year old niece, and she loves them. They are pretty adorable.
So glad I bought this for a plane ride  So glad I bought this for a plane ride. It kept my daughter busy and she continues to play with it daily!
Great for the younger Toy Story fan.  Bought for my grandson, only 2 yrs old. He's a fan of Toy Story, and is a bit young for the harder action characters.
Peppa is a pip!  Well made & very cute. I'm not normally a fan of stuffed animals but my granddaughter and I are big Peppa fans. Not disappointed. Actually ordered George not long after Peppa.
Nice  Very nice. Good for my nephew, he loves it so much. Price is reasonable as well. Hope they come out with other Domo Stuff.
Great product, cute and perfect size  My son loves his elmo. He is soft and his eyes are plastic. Great product, cute and perfect size.
My neice won't put it down. She loves it!
Cute  Cute
It's exactly what I wanted and my sister couldn't be happier on her birthday  Soft, cute, and the model is on point. It's exactly what I wanted and my sister couldn't be happier on her birthday!  It came about a week later than expected,  but it still delivered.  Thanks!
Cute
great
I personally think this little guy is ugly but my grandson loves it.
My wife really loves those to special dolls.  She was trying to get them to replace one she though she lost.  these dolls are near and dear tovher heart!!!
Great Value  Very nice plush toy.
Perfect Transaction!!  Nice toy!  Excellent  quality!!! AAA+++
They sound JUST LIKE cousin It on the adamms family  How cute are these guys?! They sound JUST LIKE cousin It on the adamms family. Google it. But they are far less creepy. Just keep away from dogs. Mine wanted to chew them! Buy this for your little ones!!!
super cute and soft for new baby
doesnt get better than that  My 12yr son is obsessed with the Alien films and plushies... I had to get this for him hes loves it I think its creepy... doesnt get better than that.
Plush  Good
Love it very much
hell eat your enemies  The zombie helped get through my enemies cause some time she says to me don't worry I'll eat them so he made feel better same with my ender man
Hugging Boo  Boo is an adorable and cuddly stuffed animal. His two books add more personality to him and our Grandchildren adore him!
 Great plushy a++ son loves them! Highly recommend ! TY
Thank you. Also let me be utilized.
Robo Love Activated  One of the few toys my 2 year old son loves. He just adores this little plush version of his Favorite character(s)... Bot is a hit at our home and is never "lost" or tossed away Awesome. I will have to buy the other two stars of this show next.
Love Alice in Wonderland
good  This product was as described. Thank you very much for the product. Works like it was intended too. Very nice
SO CUTE AND SOOOO SOFT!!! Made very well!! I wish I had a thousand <3
Great addition to a collection.  Kiddo loves it.  Seems to be quality build so far.  Recommend for the pokemon fan (kid or adult)
Kids love it
Squirrel looks awesome
this is so cute. My daughter wanted it because she has Stitch and it's his girlfriend.
Adorable little plushie!
My Grandson's favorite.  Great buy.
great price
Perfect present for a 5 y year old  My son loves How to Train your Dragon, but there are not many toys for this show out. He is going to lose it when he opens this on his birthday.
A good addition to any plushie enthusiast's collection  It's an adorable plushie perfect for any fan of Kirby. Its quality and durability is quite high unlike some "official" plushies I've seen. I got it for my younger brother's birthday and he's loved it ever since.
We were very happy with our order of Pusheen  We were very happy with our order of Pusheen. My Granddaughter loves it. We have ordered another one, Stormy, because we liked it so my h
Cute!  I'm not quite sure what it's for but my son loves it!  Seems well made for a plush and it's bigger then I thought it would be.
Perfect!  Adorable.  Very pleased with it .  Soft and cuddly.
My granddaughter could not put this toy down! Thank you for the speedy shipment!
... god daughter Elmo she loves this also it's her favorite.  This my god daughter Elmo she loves this also it's her favorite . Thanks
The Birthday girl loved this and the smile on her face was priceless!
They are adorable.  Want more.
My boys love this! Better than expected  I have an almost 4 yr. & a 5  yr old boys. They love angry birds. When I saw this piece I honestly expected something very small for the 4.99 I paid. Still I went ahead ordered one for each of my boys. So much bigger than I though. Sometimes my boys lay their heads on them to watch TV. I had purchased something similar before at a local store for double the price & not even half the size of this one.
Detail is amazing  I love the materials on this doll. And I love that the eyes are embrodered. The booth is leather like. It really looks like Zarina, all the way down to her mole, for details. My daughter loves it!
Great toy  This Grinch stuffed toy is of amazing quality. He's very soft and lovable.
Cindy Lou  Great Christmas gift for a two year old who loves How The Grinch Stole Christmas.  She adored Cindy Lou! Cute doll...nice quality!
Very cute and soft!!
Fun for all ages!  This was a family gift. Kids ranging from 18 months to 13 years. I got for us all to play at Christmas. It's so much fun. And even when someone gets hit in the face it's not bad. Nothing broken yet either. That's saying a lot in this house. I would say it's a great family addition.
Pikachu Maiko Han Geisha Plush Toy  adorable! daughter loves this geisha pikachu!
A good choice!  Durable and cute.
nice fish!
GREAT BUY TOO  MY 6 MONTH OLD GRANDSON ADORES ELMO!  HE LOVES THIS LITTLE GUY! GREAT BUY TOO!
SO SMOOOOTH  I live in Montana where your skin gets very dry and this is a Godsend!!!! I use it every day and on the off chance that I forget, I can tell a difference all day - skin feels dry and itchy. I have bought this for 4 friends here in Montana (including guys who don't mind or don't notice the faint shimmer) and they all LOVE it.  You will not be disappointed!!
Grand kids love it.
He is perfect! Reasonably priced. My daughter was  so excited!
Soft and adorable!
Its Yoshi as you see on the game  I really don't expect much from this toy, because of the reviews, but now that I have it on my hands I notice that is bigger than I expect and is really cute, the finishing is good, the colors and shape are as in the game so I'm really glad to have this, I used it as a birthday present for my girlfriend and she love it.
Very pleased with product and service  Toadette arrived before she was expected.  My grandchild loves it.  Quality was the same as other plush toys I'd purchased in stores.
very cute and decent quality
Peter Rabbit Plush  I had originally bought one of these for my newborn son, but ended up buying another for my friend who is expecting twins. This Peter Rabbit is the perfect size to accompany your little one throughout the day.
My amazing Megaman!  When this got to my front door i couldn't let go of it. 700/5. It's perfect for any MegaMan fan!
Got this little guy in great condition xD
Great  You won't find a plush Playtpus that is as real looking but still cute.  Great toy
POKEMON  Great gift for pokemon fans!
Barnacles  Bought this for my son. It seems to be well made. The only surprise is that it was smaller than expected. Great little toy for the young kids to carry around.
Was a big hit with my granddaughter!
Very cool!!
I loved these books a child  I loved these books a child.  I paired this with a set of the books and it made for a perfect baby gift!
Arrived way ahead of time! Is so totally cute!
Great Product  Wonderful I wish I could get more at this price
Awesome Product  Lovee! So soft !
Love it !
Love it!  My son loves this toy! We gave it to him when he turned 2. He was really excited and kept talking to "Big Elmo". He's starting to leave his Elmo Fantatic stage, but he still sleeps with Big Elmo every night. It's very durable, soft, heavy, floppy, and does not shed... the perfect stuffed animal. I love that the eyes are soft so he can sleep comfortabley with him and throw him around without hurting anyone. It looks just like Elmo (some stuffed animals I've seen look weird). It's worth the high price!
Looks good  The lack of recent reviews and the few bad reviews had me a little worried, but I took a risk and it turned out he looks just fine.
Larger than expected! Very cute
Great!  It was perfect! He made a perfect addition to our collection! keep up the good work
Great gift  This was a great gift. The product arrived on time and in working condition. It is small in size but idea an ideal size for children. I like that fact it doesn't take up much space.
This was a Christmas present for my grandson who knows so very much about animals and fish and their habitat, etc.  Had to have this because the Tasmanian Tiger is now extinct.  He loved it.  I was very happy that I got it before Christmas, although it was close.  It was shipped from Australia and took nearly a month to get here.  Hard to explain to a 6 year old about shipping practices.
Too cute for kids.  Very Cute.  Too cute for the kids.  I have mine on my bookshelf next to the work-of-art-book that inspired it.  Love that Ari Berk!  J.Taylor, Yaroos.com
It's great! Even bigger than expected. Thanks my daughter loves it!
My son loves this elmo
Perfect! Great product for money spent.  They are big and very soft. Perfect for my son. We watch peppa pig everyday. They are about 12 inches so for the price you get both and it is really great!
Cute
My grandson loves it
Love It  My son loves his elmo he was so excited when he got it.  He is a HUGE elmo fan so this just made his day when he got it.
I got mine earlier than stated and they are so cute!!
My granddaughter loved it!!  Thank you
Perfect size to take everywhere with you!  It's not a large stuffed animal but it's the perfect size for a favorite that needs to be brought everywhere! He's so soft for cuddles, my son LOVES him!
If you are looking for a Kangaroo stuffed animal this is the best out there  Purchased this item for our newborn Joey. Bigger than expected which was a pleasant surprise. Very soft and the baby Joey is actually removable and not just sewn in.
Great  My daughter loves it. Fast ship. Great toy!
Adorable miniature Nemo plush toy.  Super cute miniature plush Nemo toy.  It's well made and very soft.  All the tags show the official licensing and color logos.  It looks just like the picture.  The tag says it's for ages 0+.
A little small but super cuddly and it sounds just like Barney.
Adorable  I purchased this as a gift for my boyfriend who has not gotten a deer yet while hunting. He loved it. Very well made and looks good hanging on the wall!
Great gift for people who like the anime!  Got this for my girlfriend who loves the anime. She absolutely loved it! Great for gifts!
Umbeon for Halloween  Granddaughter liked him
Totally adorable!!  When they call this the world's cutest dog, they are NOT kidding.  It is the cutest thing!  It has a sweet face, soft and plushy fur, and the color transitions in the fur look airbrushed.  Very well made, which is not surprising since it's a Gund.  It appears to be slightly smiling, as though happy and friendly, and the body is shaped to simulate a dog that has been groomed in a slightly puffy hairdo.  You can position it so that it remains standing on all fours, yet it is wonderful to cuddle (not hard, lumpy, or with a cardboard-like feel), and I can see this being a favorite of any child.  As stuffed animals go, this one is superlative.
Love this Minion toy figure  I just love this Minion 20" Kevin toy. Looks very cute and made with high quality plastic material. You should get one before its gone and sold out.
cute and better than  cute and better than expected
Love it!
My son loves his Elmo!  Very cuddly and soft.
Good quality, very cute.
I BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR MY GRANDSON BECAUSE HE TALKED ABOUT IT ALL THE TIME. HE ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT!!  IT WAS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED, WAS PACKAGED PERFECTLY, AND ARRIVED WITHIN THE TIME FRAME QUOTED.
old granddaughter made it her favorite Christmas toy  My 2 yr. old granddaughter made it her favorite Christmas toy, sleeps with it, etc.
Loved it.
Fun game but takes a while to get instructions...
Great for White Elephant Orgies  Having a plush toy that accurately and cutely displays the VD running rampant at the party you are attending, is adorable.  I like to toss it into arms of another satisfied customer, and proclaim "Tag, You're It!"
cute
So ADORABLE - Perfect size to carry along in a purse  Too cute!  Soft, adorable and tiny...can take a little friend along in your purse...perfect size.
Love them  So adorable!!!!! My 5 year old is obsessed with the solar system and loves these little guys!!! Thank you!!!!
This is an adorable toy! It's soft and cuddly. One of my daughter's favorites!
Awesome!!!
Plush Playpus  It was a gift for my daughter.  She loves it.  It's very soft.
nieces loved them so much  Quick shipping, nieces loved them so much! Nice, big size, colorful, cute! :)
she was happy with it  Bought this as a present for my girlfriend, she was happy with it. Pretty good quality and came alot sooner than projected.
My girlfriend loves him. He is snuggled with every night.
My son loved it. It is as large as advertised  My son loved it.  It is as large as advertised.
Very happy  Cuter than described. Super fast shipment
My 4 year old daughter loves this doll!
Barney  My little girl had one of these when she was smaller. She loved it and was drawn to it by it's bright coloring. It is super cute and she loved her Barney so I would recommend this to the younger ones.
Cute -- my kids loved it.
Love it
Adorable!  This Eeyore is adorable and really soft. It is a licensed Disney toy.  His tail has a Velcro holder so it looks like it falls off, just like in the cartoons. Perfect for gift giving.this plush toy is perfect for everyone of all ages.
My boyfriend loves it!
Need more!!!!  Adorable, make more! Lots of army mom's & dads want them!!
Awesome!  Well It looks a lot like Sasuke, I really was happy when I got this toy. It is in good shape and is really cool. The only thing about it is it is about 6 inches tall. I thought that this toy was going to be bigger, but other than that any one that is a Naruto fan, and loves Sasuke, I think this would be a nice present for them.  PS: I am using my mothers account name, I am 12 years old. So any adult that does not know what to get, and they are a Sasuke fan you should get this amazing toy for them since this is a comment from a kids view.
Love it amazing stuffed animal wicked cute!!
stuffed monster  No idea what he is but he's cool lookin, the kid loved him. Excellent value
Product as described, fast shipping.
Love it  I actually got ahold of one in FYE. I love how this vaporeon was designed. She's cute, and soft.
He's so cute and soft too!!
Adorable! Lifelike! Sort and cuddly yet can stand and be posed due to internal wire.
He loved it!  Purchased as a gift. He loved it!
So cute and great quality.....
Soft and cuddly  My son LOVES both his giraffe and blue bunny. They are soft and floppy and easy for little hands to grab and he loves to gnaw on the long legs. We bring one with him everywhere. I have given these as baby gifts as well and everyone loves them.
baby yarn  I loved this yarn it worked very well and I will buy it again it get a ten out of ten from me :-)
Good quality for the price  I was surprised at the quality of the product for the price. Quality materials and excellent detail. I bought two and my girls love them.
Great Plush toy for a PVZ fanatic.  I absolutely love this pirate zombie plush. I am a huge PVZ fan, and love it when I can get my hands on PVZ merchandise. The stitching of this plush seems to be very strong, and long lasting. I also like how it has a string with a suction cup, so I can hang it on any smooth service I choose. Overall, this seems like a good quality product. With this being said, I did receive the product at a discount. However, my review is completely honest and unbiased.
Just what I ord ordered
Loved the size and quality it's fat and cute I really liked it
She loved it!  Present for granddaughter. She loved it!
Great toy for an active 4 year old boy  Keeps my son occupied and he loves this toy among others from this same line! Anything that keeps my boy's attention for longer than a few minutes makes me happy!
Does exactly what I bought it for.
Great toy!
Great Item  This item was better than we expected.  It was a gift and the couple could not quit talking about it.
Love it!!  Purchase this for my son this past Christmas.  He absolutely loves it. Keeps him entertained for a while and loves when the furby changes personality.
Great idea  Design captures child's interest immediately and buckles challenge them to problem solve.
Very Cute  I expected this item to be a bit bigger but it is the perfect size for a toddler who loves Sophia The First. Good quality item.
good quality  this plush toy is better quality then others I've seen available on-line so the higher price was worth it. took a little time for shipment to arrive but I know this will be a great gift for my child.
Cute  Purchased this for my little sister and I am sure she is going to love it.  My only complaint is that the tag is attached to the front leg of the doll which makes it look really stupid.  Cutting it off fixes it, but seriously they could have put it on the back like all other dolls.
Perfect where I want to place them for Christmas.  The quality is great, detail are really nice.
My son love it thank you
Awesome  Awesome super cute my son loves it sound is very good !!!!
Very nice kids toy  Very nice kids toy, seems to be good quality. If I have any durability problems, I will update the review later.
Great toy, excellent condition
I ordered this item as a gift for my niece and I wish I got Ben also!
my bunny loved her bunny  Very soft and cuddly, my bunny loved her bunny!
My son carries this everywhere and its his sleeping buddy :)
Llama Llama Doll  Cute with personality.  My grandson loves to dress and undress him. He enjoys the interactive playing with some of his other stuffed animals who also have names and are learning to share.
Awesome and squishy  This toy is very soft but very durable. Gave it to my nephew and it has made it further than most of there plush toys. I've washed it twice and the colors are still holding up. Great buy all around.
This is a good plush altough This Yoshi ate a little too much candy. XD It should look exactly like the pic
Great product and speedy delivery!
Cute little stuffie!  Cute little stuffed animal.  I got him for my boyfriend since he loves fennec foxes.
Just Love Tinker Bell
Very soft Elmo  I bought this for my 1 year old daughter and she loves it. I was looking for something cuddly without and plastic eyes or pieces on it. This Elmo is all cloth and is safe for her to take to bed, witch is good because she likes to chew on his eyes! I also like that he is cute and floppy with little beans in his feet to give him a little weight.
Great Toy for our Grandson  Our 18 month grandson loves this toy. Just the right size.
Perfect gift from Frozen  My daugther loves it. High quality and perfect size, not too big, not too small. It looks like the same character of the movie. There are some plush that are horrible, this is terrific!
Cute!  as cute in person as on here!  Thank you!
Soft, good size  Gift for 2 year old. She loves it.
So cute.  Came on time and its so cute! :3 I recommend it~<3 It's super soft and fluffy and it withstands tugging and pulling well.
super cute and worth the money  Awesome  quality toy He's worth the money Would buy again
Hetalia!  After buying a Britain doll for myself, I bought his younger brother for my younger brother. Very good condition. This should be fun.
We bought this doll along with the Anna doll and they both have been a big hit. She loves them and sleeps with them every night!
great value, totally adorable!!
Super pleased!  I bought this doll for cosplay and display purposes and it serves me well! I love that there were no tears or stains and that in came in brand new as promised! The doll came in its respective time frame too! A little too pricey for what I would have liked to pay but what can you do when you want a second gen totodile doll? :P I am happy with this product and the seller
Good Buy  Bought this for my 5 year old to go with his collection and he loves it.  It holds up well to rough play too, as expected with kids to do with their stuffed toys.
but is perfect for the Angry Birds enthused child  Smaller than I had imagined, but is perfect for the Angry Birds enthused child. Really cute and well made
A great stingray!  This 14" blue stingray saved the day a few weeks back! I'm surprised that I'd gotten along for so long without one.
Amaing!  Perfect for any Misty fan! I used my Togepi for Anime Expo and he worked out great for my cosplay as Misty. :D The size was perfect! Quality is great! He did however have a small string from the red in his mouth but no big deal. He is still fine. Get product for the price and everything! Absolutely love him! <3
Nice plush Nemo  Just a great Nemo plush at a great price.
Sturdy, green, cute! Worth it!  Its incredibly sturdy, and I can say that after having it bounce in my purse constantly! It's pretty big, with just enough of its own "puff" to not look empty (even when it is). The clasp is fairy strong, but I am still always careful not to overstuff it.  Edit: It's been almost a year since I bought this adorable little frog and it has held up perfectly! The eyes are still firmly intact on the frog, and the clasp is just as strong as ever. The stitches are just as strong as when it arrived. Even after bouncing around in my cluttered purse!  Pic for proof and an eos lip balm for size comparison for any wondering!
Domo Love  Its DomoKun. He is nice and big. End of story. Why are you even reading this- go buy it now.
Love it!  It looks so much better than the online pic. Really soft and the perfect size for little girls to carry.
Happy toddler!
The perfect present for my sister
Batman  I bought this for my nephew's 5th birthday. He loves it! Nice size and well made.
I have received this plush! fast shipping and great quality, I love it and 5thank you for your kind assistance to ship the same to Hong Kong.
Even cuter in person  My daughter fell in love with Lumpy after watching the Heffalump Movie. She would call any elephant she sees a heffalump because they remind her of Lumpy. I bought this with the idea of giving her something she obviously would love. And I couldn't have asked for a better reaction. She hugged him tight and hasn't let go all day.  This Lumpy is great. He's very soft and there is great attention to detail; from his patched tail to his yarn hair. He has a Disney patch on his left back paw. He's also bigger than I expected, which is really nice.  Such a cute heffalump!
Daughter loves all princesses of all types, good addition along with her plush princesses from Disney and Mario Brothers.
Excellent
Good size...  This is a good size (not huge, not tiny like normal beanie babies). My daughter loves it and has it with her when she watches Blue's Clues.  Good buy.
my granddaughter loved it.
My son loves it!!
Just what i needed  Perfect for a Zelda fan.
My son loves it. Very small though.
I hate Kotey.  Kotey is a piece of s***!
he loved the plush figures  These were a birthday present for my Grandson, who just loves the show, he loved the plush figures. They look so much like the characters on the show too.
its awesome! its as if he were real. getting ready for the movie to come out
Granddaughter really liked this.
Perfect gift for my granddaughter.  We have 'school' with them everyday.
too cute
LUMPY! (in the best way)  My daughter had a Lumpy when she was 2-6.  She is 12 now.  She gave it to a friend's little sister when they moved away and has always missed this stuffed animal.  I thought I would buy one for her as a nice memory/surprise for Christmas.  When she opened it, it made her so happy that she cried! Definitely one of the best Christmas presents to give.  Brand new condition and super soft. She loves it.
Perfect little crayon pal  It is so very soft! I ordered it for my class, but my son loved it so much that I'm about to order a second one for him.
SUPER SOFT AND CUDDLY!!! I LOVE HIM!! 
Good quality. The right color and look. My son loves it.
Cute!  Nice quality and size. Grandchild loved them.
So cute!
So ugly, they are cute!  My boys love these dolls.  Even though they are called "Ugly," they are really soft, cute and cuddly!  I would recommend these to anyone, especially boys!
Amazing toy  I bought the Ghast plushie for my son during a recent trip to ToysRUs. It is very big and more like a pillow than a stuffed animal. He absolutely loves it, and I'd wager it's his favorite out of the whole Minecraft plush line. It's very well-made like the rest of the Minecraft plushies and fun to throw around or cuddle. The tentacles? are soft and easy to bend, while the face and other detailing is embroidered and shimmery. A bit expensive but definitely worth the cost. It would make a great birthday gift or Christmas present for a young Minecraft fan.
Elmo is great!  I received this toy to try for free. I have two girls, 6 and 3. My 6 year old got bored with it after the first hour but my 3 year old carries it everywhere. Elmo says a lot of different phrases and has activities to make the children stop and think. Very interactive toy!
best character
ADORABLE !!!!!!  It's in perfect condition no rips or anything it's super soft and adorable.it took about three weeks to arrive.it is way bigger than I ever expected which is a plus.would definitely recommend to any Togepi fan.
Fantabulous  Very cute and adorable I loved it but it could of been bigger other than that it was great thanks!
kirby is the best, nice and soft  kirby is the best, nice and soft, got it for my nephew, wanted to keep it for myself but couldn't do that o.o
Used for a decoration at a party.  Was a hit.
Absolutely great toy - just be patient....  Hello, I got this elmo for my 2 year old daughter and it is great.  I was nervous at first b/c of the mixed reviews but you just need to be patient and think it thru - parents can be just as impatient as their kids when it comes to a new cool toy.  One - make sure it has your child's name before purchase by going to the fisher price website ([...]) and click on the friends with elmo, find the doll and it has a tool on the site to find the name and play it just the way the doll says it.  You can also see all other options.  Two- when loading the software use your computers wizard and resist the urge to keep clicking to see if it is working.  The program has to load 15,000 names and all other games, songs, etc.  This takes a lot of time for some computers, it is not frozen - don't worry until after a solid fifteen minutes and don't click on anything- your splitting your computers attention.  Fisherprice should add an animation so it doesn't look like it is frozen - but they didn't so just be patient.  Hook the doll up first, then run the program.  Let your computer give you all the alerts about detecting a USB device before you run the program.  I think could save a lot of aggravation for some parents.  Yes it may tend to work better on a work computer b/c businesses usually opt for faster processers than homes.  Just be patient.  I can see this toy giving my daughter joy for many years to come.  Don't let the mixed reviews scare you away, it is fantastic.  She is so involved because elmo knows what she likes - even ducks - and she talks to him like he's real.  I love it - and you will too.  Well worth the price tag considering the long age range.
Great
Hello kitty  It was for my girlfriend and she loves it :)
Cute  We have the monkey version of this but grandson into cows so had to get for him.  Cute toy and he likes to play with it.
This donut is well made and the eyes are embroidered and gorgeous. Overall, I like this Donut..  This D'lish Donut Plush is really nice, it is very colorful and the quality is great. It is not huge, but it will just fit on an adults hand. Eyes are embroidered and beautiful. Overall, Yes, I would recommend this donut. Watch this video, I show you this donut real up-close and make a donut with Play-Doh too. https://youtu.be/UzZfbJHXmHg
Nice and soft. I bought him for a raffle item at and the kids went crazy over him.
Sanji-Kun!  when i got him i was so happy! Be careful he gets dirty pretty easy after a while. But i still love him.
5 star  My little brother love it. Its supper cute and its little just the right size. i recommended that u need to buy this if it is a gift of something.
thanks
Best gift  This product was the perfect gift for my niece. It is her favorite food,  but it was still extra cute like the rest of her stuffed animals. Will must definitely recommend this product.
Best Jolteon plush I've seen  This was purchased along with the sitting trick pose Flareon and they are both EXCELLENT plush toys. It is by far the best looking Jolteon plush I have seen and I am beyond happy with it. I have links to photos of them I took myself.  https://scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/10653759_10152683431584207_5153648963623297139_n.jpg?oh=741857f8b090f062dd40f23cf55a0114&oe=54612FBF  https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/10421611_10152683433009207_3510776170875088625_n.jpg?oh=dff18174eee1db62c00b21bf635394fa&oe=5480F036&__gda__=1416218656_fdab1f15cf697ebe4f6ebe179fabcc7b  Hopefully I can upload the photos to the actual auction but I am beyond pleased with this plush!
Arrived on time and great quality.
Adorable!  Such an adorable stuffed otter! He's soft and super cute and he found a great home here!!
Real Wife Pleaser  To put it bluntly.....this lamp is a real wife pleaser. I don't think it would be unfair or uncomplimentary of me to say that more women than men are usually more concerned with the esthetics, artistry, appearance, decor, etc. of a floor lamp. Having said that , after doing some research .....I decided to take a chance by purchasing this lamp for my wife who has worked in the fashion industry and also as an artist. I regard her as being asute and particular when it comes to picking out a lamp she likes. After showing here scores of pictures of lamps which she rejected, I ordered this lamp which turned out to be a real wife pleaser. This lamp was good enough to not only please my wife but for her to comment that it was much  nicer than she thought it would be.
This is a great hand eye exercise for our grandchildren  This is a great hand eye exercise for our grandchildren. They love to play with it when they are over. It is smaller than I expected it would be, and I wish it were larger. The straps are snug when fastened.
So adorable! Such a soft & cuddly dragon  So adorable!  Such a soft & cuddly dragon, he's barely a trouble & rarely sets anything on fire!
Realistic and great for my toddler who lives to stomp it around and rawrrr.
GREAT Pirate hat  GREAT Pirate hat. Excellent quality and nice style. Bought one for several of our grandchildren and they love it. Highly recommend this hat.
Love it!  My daughter loves her giraffe! Soft and cuddly and adorable...also easy to clean! A great find for a good price!
German Mouse  Too cute. My friend is going to love it. Thanks.
So soft  Very soft. Nothing wrong with him. Excellent quality.
Very cute and a little bigger then I expected.
she loves Hello Kitty
and its perfect it looks exactly like stitch in the movie  so niceee. i bought it as a birthday present but now i want one for myself!! its p big!! and its perfect it looks exactly like stitch in the movie.
Great toy for little hands!  This is a great toy for keeping little hands occupied. It has numbers on the back and a little zip pocket too.
A Must Have for 4Mths up  my 4mth old LOVES his glow worm. He is so interested in the glowing face and the lullabies help him fall asleep in minutes. It's a little louder than I expected, but does the trick!!
GREAT FOR HALLOWEEN WITH MINION TREATS  I bought 4 of these for 4 very spoiled grand nieces/nephew.  I am going to add the Minion fruit roll up treats to go with them for Halloween.
Love the positivity  I love anything that can influence positivity into an environment.  The sayings are like little affirmations every time the kiddos play with it!
great product  Great products they are cool and look just like the mine craft characters
perfect size for decorating my desk  Brand new, perfect size for decorating my desk!! Thanks so much
It went perfect with the girls pajama set  I purchased this Elmo doll for my 2- year old granddaughter's birthday. It went perfect with the girls pajama set. She loved them both!!
Beast Boy FTW!  Teen Titans Go - Beast Boy is adorable and very well made. There's no loose stitching or open seams. It arrived clean and packaged well. This is a perfect toy for kids or any Teen Titans Go collector. My kids love the Teen Titans Go Cartoons, so it didn't surprise me at all when my son asked if I would buy him a Beast Boy plush toy. I was very happy to find it here on Amazon and he was thrilled when it arrived.
My son loves it  My son actually did the research and said this was the one he wanted. I actually tried to talk him into a more expensive one.  He loved it.
Well made, daughter loves it.
Just brilliant.
My Great niece takes this everywhere, her favorite toy for Christmas.
They are soft and sturdy. My son loves them  These arrived so quickly!  They are soft and sturdy. My son loves them!!  Very great price for the four of them together - amazing.
Wonderful product.  Yes these are just wonderful and make it easy to open/close your curtains for baby nap time.
AWSOME product
The kids LOVED getting them  Well priced when you purchase this 4-pack.  These are official (licensed) Mojang products, unlike others I bought from Amazon at the same price. I gave them out at my son's Minecraft-themed birthday party.  Not much more for 12 kids than I would have spent on the usual plastic junky favors.  The kids LOVED getting them!
The only way to make it better is if it could change hats   Very nice material, junior wanted it so badly for Xmas that he even showed me how to tell Santa about the Amazon App.
Fantastic washcloths  These disposable washcloths were a godsend during my husbands post-op recovery. They were soft, moist and very thick. When put in the microwave for 30 seconds you had a warm and refreshing means of personal cleansing care. One cloth was moist and stong enough to do the job each day. They were not inexpensive but they were well worth the cost.
Minecraft 10.5" Creeper Plush ...  This is a gift for one of my grandson's who love's Minecraft. It is a well made plush, and also is one of the most recognizable characters from Minecraft. He is going to love this.
happy pill is a hit  Best RX for the blues, will make everyone laugh. Works every time
gift not sure
Plush Sven from Frozen - a wonderful purchase!  This plush toy is fantastic!  It is very well made, excellent detail and the size is a little larger than I thought, but that makes it even better! My grandchild loves it!
Perfect size and my grandson who is five just loves them.
Great condition
Touchy-Feely Fun for Baby  This big (to babies, at least) soft fuzzy ball is a delight when it comes to tactile fun and learning. My grandson is only four months old and, of course, can't possibly push on the top to make the monkey pop up, but he loves to see his mother do it. It makes him giggle madly. (As a child, I was terrified of jack in the boxes and somehow I think this little monkey to will help the grandbaby avoid that.)  There are different sides to the ball, each with different colors and textures. One has a "mirror" - that's a big hit. It's set into colorful (blues, yellows, and whites) zigzags. There are short colorful ribbons to touch, too.  Another side squeaks, though our boy is too young to master that yet. There are parts that have ridges that are horizontal and vertical. The monkey on top pops out of leaves that make fun crinkly leaves.  He's very young right now and his favorite thing to do is push it around in his crib and watch it move. I'm certain he will enjoy it more and more throughout his first year or two.
Very nice plush.. Just a bigger version of the 7.5 inch.
Cute Dei Dei !!!!  This Deidara plushie is so adorable and soft !!! He's very detailed and looks just like in show ! He's  one of my  favorite plushies that I bought here !
Great for kids that love youtube  My son he's four loves this. Best Christmas gift
It's the Bumble!!!  Perfect addition to my growing collection of Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer.  He looks just like the one on TV.  I set them out at CHRISTmas for decorations.  Probably won't ever have a complete set due to prices of some.
Original Disney with tags
How can you not like it?  Christ, it's Jesus!  How can you not like it?
Green / ONE eye / NO body ... what's not to love!  I got this ugly one eyed monster for my grandson for his birthday.  Believe me, he requested it or I certainly would of chosen something less... gross?  To my surprise, it WAS charming!  The one lines it speaks delighted an audience from 3 to 62 even if (like me) you haven't seen the movie.
My kids love these. Smell lasts for a long time.
Super cute! My son loves it!
VTech Cody Bllue Bear  Bought this for my one year old Grandson he Loves the bear!!! He liked the different saying on the bear. He likes hearing his name.
Great item, well made.
Great size.  Soft too.  Nice quality.
Adorable!  I absolutely LOVED this plushy! I got it as a gift for someone who had seen it on the game and wanted one to snuggle. Its a bit smaller than anticipated but it's cute none the less, I'll have to get another for myself sometime.
Perfect for your babes  We love organic farm buddies. The cloth is so soft and both of my babies have loved all of the lovies that come from them. The doll has a soft rattle and is beloved by my 2.5 year old and now my 8 month old.
Must have for Minecraft Lovers  This dragon is huge! My 9 year old son loves it! The fabric on it is super soft. Great addition to his stuffed Minecraft collection!
My wife loved it, it reminded her of her childhood.
Nice!  Very nice! My one year old LOVES this item!
Great toy, great company!  What a great toy for a toddler who is obsessed with buckles right now! The customer service was wonderful as well. I ordered it on Friday, hoping to have it in time for a plane trip the following Wednesday and it arrived on Monday! Great product and great company. Thanks!
masterpiece  oh my goodness this doll is so adorable, shes even better in person.the disney animators are creatators of a line of masterpieces.im so glad i bought her now my collection of the disney animator dolls are complete,thanks to amazon!!
Just beautiful !!!
Great gift
FFXIV moogle is OVERLY CUUUTE!  I just love this moogle. Its adorable, so fluffy and exactly like the picture. I also love how high quality it is! I also play FFXIV, so this is an extremely cute replica of the moogle in the game. I also have the FFXI moogle and I love them both! This one just looks more plump and cute! The only tiny issue I have, however, is the packaging of my moogle. It was packed in such a tiny cardboard box that when I opened it, my moogle looked squished =(. But nonetheless, it doesn't do anything on the quality and cuteness of this moogle. I love square enix and their cute moogles and chocobos! Make more of these please!!! ^-^
Great for a unicorn fan!  This was a gift for a niece, couldn't be better! She loves it and wants to have it with her all the time. She needs help to move it from one place to another because it is too big, but she is only 4 years old.
This Boo is a perfect toy for my dog.  This little guy looks just like the real Boo.  Really cute and my Shih Tzu likes it!
Great gift  Well made and beautiful.  My four-year-old granddaughter loves it.
Love them. Stamping and cutting could not be easier.  My handmade christmas cards will be better than any store bought card by far. The dies cut perfectly. I can make a christmas card for a fraction of the cost of a store bought card and they will be so much prettier and original.
asome
Adorable. Better than exprcted
Love the quality  My son was very happy with the look and feel of these toys . They are made well, look durable and put a smile on his face
Perfect to add to collection!
Cool and spooky at the same time!
My wife loves it!
Cute stuffy kid loves it, even asked for a second one so this one could have a twin :P .
Great purchase  Purchased as a last minute gift. Shipping was fast, packaging very nice, and my great-grandson loved it!
Both my granddaughters love it!  The 3 yr. old has now memorized the song!
Good Quality  was good quality, quick shipping.
My 14 month old grandson loves it!  very well made, a little bigger than I imagined (in a good way) and my grandson loves it!
great
Great!  It was a gift for a friend,she loved it.  It looks durable and is an overall fun gift for any doctor who fan. I know I myself would like one.
VTech Cody  Great for my special needs Grandson. He loves it and plays with it constantly. Couldn't have asked for a better toy.
Consider This....  In the picture you see the charzard is teally tough looking. There isn't really many tough looking plushies bc most of them are ment for kids. He is no exption. His face is cuter looking, bigger eyes and the nose is not as defined. He also might come a little disfigured because he comes in a bag. Over he is still a good plush you might have to fix him up a bit but you'll pretty much have to do that with any plush you buy. If you want to see pictures look on Facebook for Pixy Vulpix and I'll have them uploaded (cause I can't figure out amazon)
Nice  So cute and my son was def happy!!! Great quality!!!
perfect baby mario  Was blessed with boy and girl twin grand babies and my son is an avid nintendo collector. this was a perfect gift for their one month Birthday.
Perfect Pink Panther plushie for my 5 year old grandson.
Super cute! Boyfriend loves it <3
but the touch feeling is great.  a little small, but the touch feeling is great.
Oh so pretty!!!  I loved these I ordered 2 and using them as props/decor for a safari party on my dessert table, and I know these will look beautiful I loved them great quality
My nephew loved it.  That makes me happy.
Super product and a super seller!  A terrific product and a great seller!
Well Worth It!  Since I don't have the need for the sliding table accessory, I bought a couple of these for my saw. The added weight of the two cast iron wings really dampen any vibration that it may have had with the stamped steel wings. Add to this a segmented drive belt and it definitely passes the standing nickel test! Although it takes patience to level them, it's time well spent and you have a first-rate table saw that rivals most cabinet saws and for a lot less.
A nice addition to our collection  The item arrived on time. It was well packaged and undamaged. It is made of good quality and exactly as described. My son loved it as apart of his Mario collection.
Who doesn't like Elmo  Tis Elmo wasn't exactly the Elmo I had wanted but turned out to be better.  This Elmo is much more cuddly for my Granddaughter.
Woof  My kids love this puppy! So interactive and not too loud!! Great toy!! The kids wish it had a leash but we made one with an old scarf I'm sure there are safety concerns for not including a leash it they love this puppy " pinky" they named her!!
My daughter absolutely loves her wolfy!!!
Absolutely Awesome!  My husband Loves this toy Yoda. He keeps it on his desk and must push his center to hear him talk 30x a day! I don't know why other people have reviewed his talking as poorly audible because we can hear him talk clearly. He utters 5 distinct phrases. If you have a Star Wars fan you cant go wrong with this one!  FYI- he's a big soft plushy doll roughly 8".
Exactly what I was expecting - and it's so cute! :)
Cute.  My niece saw this at the DR's office and had to have one, she loves it!
Awesome  It's just what they said . It's real has the pokemon authentic tags way cool
Great
This is the only toy I have found that has to do w nursing. As a breastfeeding mom I love this. I bought this for my baby who nurses and toddler. My toddler right away knew the sheep were nursing. The sheep is super soft. I had bought the cat one in the past but it arrived ripped but this one is made way better.
Oh This is cute! Well made, adorable face. Purchased because my daughter went on a trip and saw them in the wild. Frankly the moss growing on their body was a turn off for me. But she was hooked on sloths. She will just love this guy. I put a Pilot G-2 Gel pen in his hand, calling him the Keeper of the pen. This is good quality, and nice size, looks cute handing from a door knob, or coat hook in her pick-up. People will notice and ask about him. LollyAnn
Very happy!!  as described and it even came two weeks earlier than it said it would. Very happy!!
Well Made  Super cute plushy that's well made and very soft. I would definitely purchase other plushy's from this company. My daughter loved it.
Soft and Cute and Ears make Crinkle Noise  Soft and cute. The ears make a crinkle noise (like crinkling wax paper) that my kids likes...but some might not like that.
Beautiful toys!
Just what we wanted  It was perfect. Just what my kids wanted. It was great quality nothing like from a quarter machine and I would buy it again for somebody. Ugly but cute!
A hit  The little boy I bought this for loves it and sleeps with it!  A hit
and it has held up nicely to his little boy abuses  My son absolutely loves this goat! He carries it with him everywhere he goes, and it has held up nicely to his little boy abuses.
Exceeded my expectations!  Couldn't have been any more perfect. I was pleasantly surprised by the size and quality and will no doubt purchase another one the next time I have to make a diaper cake!
No comments
Makes z bends a breeze  I really like theses.  They make z bends easy
Pleased with purchase  Grandson loves this feral cat. Pleased with purchase, arrived on time. Happy with purchase.
I am a mario/luigi fan so naturally i had to get this and the luigi doll... 10/10
Excelent! Thank You!
"Sparky" is my wife's favorite!  So cute, just like Sparky in the movie. Good quality. When I received the box I thought it couldn't be the size it is, but he was squished in and came out fine.
Love the Jacana monkey!  This is the most adorable monkey.  Our baby shower for my daughter-in-law was themed around the Jacana monkey and it fit in perfectly!!  Our new grand-daughter is going to love it when she arrives in August!!!
Good character  My granddaughter loves it.  She has several of these figures, and this one meets her expectations.  Good addition to her collection.
Super cute!  These are super cute! My daughter loves emojis and she is going to be so excited.
Great buy!  First of all, maybe I am biased, but I LOVE Dumbo!! This is so cute and well made! I would definitely purchase again!
Super cute!
sitting on my desk, reminding me that I am a big kid  Very high quality.  Not too soft, which might be a bad thing if you expect to squish him and cuddle like a pillow, but it helps him stand upright.
Always a classic  Classic toy we all grew up with. Continuing the tradition.
Cute for the baby he loves it and arrived on time..  Cute for the baby he loves it and arrived on time..
They mostly come at night...mostly  Great cuddly little creature. Prehensile tail allows for him to be curled up or stretched out for a hug.
When my daughter opened this, she said "Best Day Ever"
It's perfect.  I bought this for my daughter for her birthday in late January and she has cuddled with him every night since.  It's perfect.
Loved by my child  Loved by my child!  So very soft!  Smaller than originally expected, but now considered to be just the right size.
cute
Lovely mermaid.  My daughter loves this mermaid. Very soft and well made. I also like that it's eyes aren't buttons.
Highly recommend!  Better than expected. My son loves Foxy and takes him everywhere. We ordered the other 3!
Wonderful toy!  My daughter loves this toy! I got it for a plane ride across country to have a quiet toy and because she was really into buckles. She enjoyed it on the trip but couldn't really get any of the buckles closed yet. Now at 15 months it's her favorite toy in the car! It's safe since it's so soft and she is able to buckle all of them up now. Really recommend this!
I had a Goofy doll when I was little, and now I get to keep the tradition alive with my younger cousin.
Cute little deer  Great quality. Cute on my 1 year old
My nephew is going to love this especially pulling it apart  He is so cute, and larger than i expected.  My nephew is going to love this especially pulling it apart.
Love it
Very detailed stuffed toy  Very detailed, not too soft and not too hard stuffed toy. High recommend
Just like big brother's!  My grandson's favorite bedtime buddy! Soft body is perfect for smaller children.
Shut Up & Deal  Very cool.
Just what my daughter wanted  My daughter loved adding this to her Inside Out collection and a great price
Great product for sleep time!  Great soft lullabies that my kids have both had and loved.  The face lights up and is just light enough to be soothing without being too bright.  We have been very happy with both of our gloworms!
What a cool plush  I decided to get this plush because I'm a big Yoshi fan ...and because of the free shipping. Good value for ~$20. The size is good (not too small and not huge). Consider purchasing one if you're a fan.
My granddaughter was in love with her bubble guppy
Adorable!!!
Fantasic!!!
My three year old loved it  My daughter absolutely loves all things tinker bell and this was a big hit!
His new favorite toys  Made from good material, I believe these little minions will hold up during play time. Delivered on time and the package did have the two different minions. A great deal.
awesome plush  Great, soft plush that arrived on time! Its more of a darker purple than pictured, but still looks really nice.
My son loves Mario!
Bought this for our nephew. It's so cool. I love it and I hope he loves it as well.
Love this doll for my granddaughter.
She's been kidnapped a lot by Bowser and is still holding up great.  Cute Princess Peach plush. She's been kidnapped a lot by Bowser and is still holding up great.
Super cute, don't think I would suggest putting it outside as I am not sure the material would hold up in inclement weather.
Cute Cheshire!  I had to buy this cute little Cheshire plush. I love the Cheshire in gray and turquoise. I've always loved the Cheshire, but pink and purple was never really my color. I wish they had more Cheshire cats in different colors. This cute little plush is great for any Alice collector. I also like that this one is more detailed than the Cheshire Plush released with the first film. I have both though and I think they're both cute.
Excellent cushy, cuddly toy!  My grandson is going to love this. Nice and plush, good quality, good size.
both of my kids love spunky!  We received Spunky as a gift when my daughter was a baby.  It was always her favorite stuffed toy and we always had it with her in the car seat, bouncer, etc.  Fast forward three years later and Spunky is now my son's favorite stuffed toy.  He goes everywhere with my son, and he has to hold on to him in the bouncer.  Both of my babies lit up when Spunky would bark, and they loved to hold on to him (and try to eat his ear).  The best baby stuffed toy - perfect for their little hands, and both my kids loved him.  A must-have.
Grandson love Elmo  This Elmo plush is a favorite of my Grandson.  I looked through the plush Elmo on Amazon, and thought that this one looked like a quality one, and was about the right size.  I was not disappointed with what I received (neither is my Grandson).  13" was a great selection.
Amazing for price!  When I opened this when it came I could not believe how big it was. Our daughter will be three in Jan. and LOVES Chewie and Star wars, which makes daddy happy. Thanks for an amazing plush: tall, furry, and sounds just like him!
Great doll and fast shipping!
Loved by moms and child therapists  Great accompaniment to the Worry Bug books, admired and used by child therapists that I know personally
Good  Seems to be ok. My kids are taking them everywhere they go.
great gift  cute and exactly as described
Humphrey the Elephant is just and adorable addition to any nursery or toddlers collection  Humphrey the Elephant is just and adorable addition to any nursery or toddlers collection. He is a nice size and soft and cuddly. He looks better in person than online. His big fluffy ears and soft trunk make you just want to hug him. I'm sure my little one will love him along with reading the book.
Love it
My son loves them  My son loves them
Got for my grandson for last Christmas and he loves it
Love it
Absolutely cute and lovely!!!  I am expecting twins boy and girl, our first babies after 11 years of marriage, so every package tahat arrives from Amazon for them is a happy occasion!!! I call family and friends to come and see their nursery getting ready. When these two ships arrived (I bought one for each baby) it was a very pleasant surprise, cause theynwere even cutest and softer and bigger than I imagined. I easily imagine both babies lying on the carpet reclined on them, and I often squeeze them myself just for pleasure. Don't hesitate to have them!!!! i also bought both pillows, the sheep and the polar bear, and they go great together. Since twins are boy and girl, the nursery has to be neutral, so we choose white, cream and tobacco colors and these adorable sheeps match these colors perfectly, creating a calm, soft and a bit vintage atmosphere Go for it, highly recommended!!!
My grandson loved it!! He's 2.
SO ugly he's CUTE!
Loved it.
Was an awesome gift for 5yr old niece
My Granddaughter Loves It!  Much bigger than I expected.
Really great dora the explorer plush toys  This is awesome we actually got dora, swiper, boots, tico and isa as well to decorate my daughtera room. She loves them!
Thumbs up.  Item arrived very quickly and in perfect condition. I would use this seller again no problem.
Happy little girl!  My daughter loves her Gloworm!  She sleeps with it every night!  Love the light and music and how it will shut off.
Olaf met our expectations  I bought it to compose my Frozen collection, I work with decorative tables for birthday parties. Olaf met our expectations.
Best organic toy  I love that this product is completely organic.  It's hard to find an organic stuffed animal that does not include polyester filling.  My baby loves it!
... for a grandchild but I feel sure she will love it!  It's for a grandchild  but I feel sure she will love it!
Amongst the cutest yet.
recommend  Awesome and larger than expected minion, very happy with this purchase!
Love!  My daughter loves this! It was her favorite Christmas present.  :)
New Friend For Our Sheltie  My Sheltie Nui loves his new friend! The Squatch was THE Christmas hit in our house. I only hope the real one in the woods behind our house doesnt come and try to rescue him.
Adorable!  Sailor Mars hair was a bit weird, but I still loved them all. These dolls are so adorable and cute. Everyone was asking me where I got these from, as a sailor moon fan I am happy with them.  Just missing Mercury and Jupiter. I hope I can find them all later on.
Really Cute, Soft, &Big!  Wow...I purchased this for my Cousin's Twin 4yr old Daughter's.  Pleasantly surprised when they arrived early & in such Great condition.  I can't say enough Great thing's about these.  They're quite impressive.  Their Vibrant colors, awesomely Soft material, & their size is Great for cuddling.  I wish I'd have ordered one too, Hahha :)
My girlfriend was really excited and very satisfied.
Lovely little doll for younger child
Best $ ever spent on a Toy for International Flight!  This was the best $ spent for our 1.5 year old going on two international flights this summer and a very long train ride. We hid it for the weeks/days inbetween so it was 'newish' when we brought it back out but our daughter still loves to play with this in Restaurants (almost 2 yo). We'll be looking to buy a 2nd pillow with Buckles soon.
Perfect!  An original and not a bootie!
Was a great Christmas gift for Tsum Tsum fanatic
Soooo cute!  My 90 year old mother LOVES it!
so cute  Sounds just like Cookie Monster. Great toy. My husband and I get the song stuck in our heads.
Love it!  I bought this to go inside my babyshower wreath which fit perfectly. But will also easily remove when baby gets here. Love love love it!!!!
Roudy Bush Large Bird food  This product is great for our 2 large McCaws, no mess of seeds flying all over the place , no fuss just place the product in a feeder and watch them enjoy. All the necessary nutrition provided in these chew able  pellets. Would recommend them to anyone who has large birds.
Love it
Worth the couple bucks  It's cute my girlfriend loves elephants and named this one Ella :)
Daughter loves it  Bought this for my wolf obsessed daughter's birthday. I have to say that it is adorable. Best looking face on a wolf plushie that I've seen. She's 10, and she totes it all over the house. Very soft and cuddly. Not large at all though.
Joy!  Cute and of great quality! This was a Christmas gift to my niece. The voice is clear and we love her phrases.
Great gift for the one that gives LOL  SO a male friend contract the chlamydia from a crazy chick LOL he gave it as a valentine gift LOL
It's super soft.  My daughter loves this.  It's super soft.
Very pleased c Mr elmo
Plush Pikachu  This is for our special granddaughter and one of her favorite things is Pidachu, no matter how big or small.  She will open it tonight and we know it will make her happy, which makes us happy.
Worth the money  Very nice plush elephant, babies room is elephant theme and this fits right in...very soft and better looking then I expected...
the best toy  it was a very beautifull experience, I can interactive with them.  I recomend the furby boom! it's very very great!
My son loves it!  My son was very happy to receive this stingray
Plush Kim Doll  My niece liked it!
He loved it and when his sister  I gave this to a two-year old boy across the street.  He loved it and when his sister, who is two years older than he is, tried to take it he threw a two-year old tantrum.  Well made and adorable.
Loved it
I love these dolls!  I love these dolls! They are cuddly, soft and beautifully sewn. They're also huge! They're the perfect size for your child to snuggle down at night with or set up for an afternoon tea party!  In addition to being a precious doll, they make it easy to teach your little kids how to be a good people. Each doll has a 'good' character quality to teach. There's a satin ribbon on the back of each doll that has the most adorable little write-up that explains the quality. In addition to this, each doll has a wrist band with the company's website where you can go with your child and have them follow along screen-by-screen, beautifully illustrated instructions, ending with a character quality challenge that you can have your little one do. Afterwards there are FREE certificates for you to print out for your child to reward them for the challenge they did. These are the kind of toys that remind us what was special about being a child, the simple lessons we learned - kindness, cheerfulness, generosity, gratefulness, fairness and honesty. Well done My Friend Huggles!
Cute, tiny Pocket Monster.  Daughter's favorite pokemon is jigglypuff. This was one of her favorite birthday presents as a result.  She loves it and goes to be with it every night since her birthday.
Love Love it! Most Awesome Gift Ever!!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! I purchased this back in September of 2015 before the Movie Release due to the fact I knew the Price would most likely go up. And I so wanted it For My Son who would be Graduating this year from High School. His Nickname has been Chewie for a few years now and didn't want the norm of a Graduation Bear. I'm so so very happy I got it when I did cause I noticed it sold out a few times.   Now about the Doll. I LOVE LOVE it! It is Disney Brand and says so right on the Bottom of the Foot. It is very very FluffyFurry. Now I did notice a tiny tiny bit of the fur did come off. Very very little. It is very Fluffy and does shed a little but still very very good quality from what I see. I love that the eye are not buttons but are embroidered thread. The Nose and mouth are just too freaking cute. Chewbacca's Bag is very Cute as well. It is a very nice size. Great Size for Little Ones that like to carry around a large stuffed Animal but Also Large enough to be great for older Children. Ours still had the Star Wars Tag on it. Where we are at it is tradition to give Leis at Graduation so Chewbacca needed a Candy Lei as well and I made a Grad Hat With a Black Sheet of Foam, A Glue Gun and a Graduation Tassel keychain. It is a Great Idea for any Graduating Star Wars Fan <3  posting a Photo of Ours! My Son is Totally Going to Be Surprised and Happy to Receive this for one of his Graduation Gifts!
Perfect!
Perfect size for toddlers  Perfect size for toddlers! They brought both Dory and Nemo to see "Finding Dory", their first movie in a theater.
Beat purshace i ever made!  Omg I love these!! If your kid loves gabba gabba as much as mine he will too!!!
Son loves it.
Great Gift  This Elmo is a great gift!  You can program him while he is still in the box so you can wrap it up and the recipient will hear his/her name immediately!  It's easy to program and My nephew hearing about his favorite things from one of his favorite characters.
Great pillow  This was part of a set I bought as a Christmas present for my youngest grandson. I got Thomas, Percy and James pillows and he just loved them. They are perfect for cuddling..
Great little toy pet!  We bought this toy for my 3 year old son since we are not able to have live pets at this time. He loves this little doggy! I even find myself playing with it at times.
Beanie Bonanza!  If you don't have a lot of Beanies, this is good way to buy a lot reasonably. Most of the ones in the collection are common.
Great  Kids loved it
Perfect size for preschooler  My Grandson Loves it! Perfect for a preschooler
Perfect  I bought this on November 4th, knowing my daughter's birthday was on November 11th. This plush toy was on the doorstep on November 8th. When my daughter opened her birthday present she absolutely loved it. This toy was in her arms the whole time while opening her other gifts. She sleeps with it every night and wants to call me (I am 600 miles away) to tell me she is sleeping with it and that she misses me.
Humphrey Becomes Ellis the Elephant.  I bought Humphrey to become Ellis ... the little elephant in Calista Gingrich's books. He looks just like Ellis, and the books and elephant will be my granddaughter's birthday present. Thank you for such a speedy order.  He is perfect! Thank you.
Good enough to throw at people  This is just what we needed to do our modified bouquet toss. I was even able to add our names and wedding date to the bottom.
YEAH NLUE YOSHI!!!!!!!  A little bit small but it's a great and soft plush!!!!
My grand daughter really loved these.  I'm glad I found these on Amazon because I couldn't find anything like this in town.  Thanks
It's the best for my skin. There is nothing as effective.
Now my collection is complete :-)
cute donkey  This toy is well made and looks great with my holiday decorations. I would purchase this again.
Very well made. Exactly what i wanted.
Cute  Daughter loves Elmo! Perfect for my 1 year old daughter! It's her BFF that she carries around everywhere. Any little Elmo fan will be sure to snuggle with this little Elmo Plush!
Great product  This plush is great has a good size to it is fun to play with and very cute MUST GET
Too cute!!  Adorable! Lots of detail. Got for a little gift & know he will get a kick out of it. Thanks!
Ice Age 3 toys  My daughter loves the Scrat and Scratte toys with the large nut.  Of course we had to cut the squirrels off the nut so she could play with them individually but she has so much fun with them.
Big little Tink!  This stuffed tinkerbell is really long and super cute. My daughter loves it. She has cute little fuzzy white puffs on her green shoes and shiny silver colored wings.
Adorable and much larger than I thought. Excellent quality!
Wonderful
TOO CUTE!  I don't have any kids, however did some research on the TOP toys for Christmas.  We adopted a family for Christmas and out of all the toys, they seemed to love the Sing a Ma Jig the best (we bought the Santa one).  I just ordered one for my 3 yr old niece also.  I even like playing with it as an adult, and (of course) my dogs thought they were their latest "squeaker". They were fascinated my the moving mouths...I have to say, at first when I researched them, I thought they could be annoying, however they are quite fun and addictive. Very Cute!
Unique and super super brains  Unique and super super brains. Wish it was a bit bigger. But nicely made and fun for my  6 yr old .
Awesome  Great quality. Perfect size. My daughter loves it!
Awesome!  this thing looks absolutely beastly. it doesn't stand too well because it's really top-heavy, but if you can prop it up or something it's one of the coolest looking plushies i've ever seen.  pic is next to a 3ds xl for size comparison
This one may be smarter than the one in the movie  Hei Hei stole the show for me, even though he had few scenes.  I don't know if it was his actions, or the REactions he caused in those looking at him that were more fun.  This is well made.  There were a couple different versions when I was shopping for this, but the other version had GREY feet and legs, and just looked horrible comparatively. This one looked more true to the actual colors of the character.  Good construction, good materials, and nice job stitching - no loose threads, no bad seams.  Great for any Moana fan
Super cute dino  The birthday boy loved his Arlo! He really is 19.5" tall and is very sturdy while still being cuddly. Arlo stands up easily on his sturdy legs and can be moved into different positions with the wire in his legs and neck. Honestly, it is was better than I expected for an $11 price.
cute  my bff loved this so cute
Quite cute  It is as adorable and Zoidy as one could wish
Ordered this for my son for Christmas. He loves it so much. He sleeps with it in his arms every night. :)
Very happy  Excellent quality
Well made.  Good product.
Classic Toy  Classic toy for babies, my son liked it until he got into cars, truck, and all things with wheels. i'd recommend this.
Smells Amazing! Kids Love it!
loved it  Perfect accessory
Great
My son loves it  Bought this for my son and he absolutely loves it. Takes it everywhere with him.
Wonderful!  I bought this for my daycare kids and they all love it! It's a great size, good for any age! Any child who loves to buckle will absolutely love this toy!
My daughter was thrilled to receive this official Pokemon character.
Adorable and Soft!  Adorable and perfect for the baby room.  Super soft and I know little one will love it when she is bigger.
Awesome!!  My son received Sully as an Easter present and he absolutely LOVES IT! It looks exactly as pictured. The colors are so vibrant and beautiful. He's super soft and I can tell he is of great quality and will last for years to come! My one year old LOVES him! would recommend to any parent for their child!
Daughter loved it. Good price.
Cute!
Love him!  So cute and soft. My grand daughter loves him!
My 14 month old loved it!!! Very snugly & great size. Would recommend to elmo lovers out there;)
Sanei Mario Plush Doll  Item exactly what I hoped for.  Very well made. Looks sturdy, my grandson will love it.  Good size for holding while in stroller.
Adorable!  Just as shown. Adorable!
Cute and cuddly  Very nice. Good for my nephew, he loves it so much. Price is reasonable as well. Hope they come out with other Domo Stuff.
Excellent. The company kept good contact with me alot  Excellent. The company kept good contact with me alot. They were very attentive to the details that I requested. I would highly recommend the product as a gift idea. I would do business with this company again.
Ponyo-pefect purchase  This adorable little Ponyo is the perfect gift to add to the movie as a gift for any boy or girl.  I put the Ponyo in a plastic pail with tinsel and the movie for my great nephew. He has tried watching the movie twice but never got to see it in its entirety. I know he will be will love it. All my grandchildren and nieces and nephews love this unique movie!
A Great Purchase  We adopted Boo about a month ago and he came in the mail a few days later. He was smiling from the first moment we helped him out of the box. I was concerned how difficult his adjustment to our home would be but it was a piece of cake. There was no need to potty train him or anything. He is always in a good mood, playful, and never barks or complains. He loves to cuddle with my girlfriend when she sleeps and smiles the whole time.  Next week we are taking him to get his pictures taken with the family so everyone can share in our joy.  Overall, a great addition to our family.
Everyone likes him -- so much that my daughter keeps him very safe.
Great find for Pokmon Lovers  I bought this Togepi and it arrived for Christmas in time. We opened presents on Christmas Eve and my 2 1/2 year old will NOT let go of it now, she carries it everywhere.  As soon as she opened it, she yelled "it's a Togepi!" lol  It's true to size and looks identical to the pictures! Great find for Pokmon Lovers, I will be getting my daughter more Pokmon from this company!
Love these!  Adorable! And for the price: not bad! These weren't perfect for my dear costume.
cutie!  Love this plushie!!  For true Zelda fans this is a great little gift!  I bought one for my sons girlfriend and she loved it!
Kid loved this so much, I bought a second one after the first one disappeared somewhere. Soft, good quality.
Cute  Cute
Item arrived on time and met our expectations.
Great Gift, Blanket is Useful and Stuffed Animal is Fun  Bought it for a 2 year old, it was her favorite present. She brings it everywhere, and can use the blanket. So fun and useful.
Love them
great gift
Cute Little Vape  What can I say besides this is an adorable likeness of a Vaporeon, and my kids and I love her. Not very big, stands up in the palm of an adult hand. Kid enjoys making her tail swish and shoot around. A hit!
Perfect for  My grand daughter loves this toy! Perfect for 9months
My friend that I bought this for loved it! Its alot smaller then I thought it was gonna be but oh well. He loved it. Thanks so much! It arrived alot sooner then the posting date o.o. Thank you! <3
Small as I wanted and very nice. My kid loved it!!!
Thank you!
Poppy  Shes adorable!!
Perfect!  Really soft, it is as pictured. Came on time, and I couldn't be happier. True it's a knock off, but it's perfect to be honest, and I'd prefer buying this over the expensive official ones. It's just as good if not the same.
Adorable  Bought this Arlo for my son's second birthday. He squealed with excitement when he opened the bag. Arlo is not necessarily the "soft, snuggly" type, but he needs to be a little more rigid so that he can stand on his own. My son sleeps with him every night.
Grandson loved it.
Best toy ever  My 22 mon old grandson loves this toy. Keep him occupied for hours, so simple. Very easy to use for their tiny fingers. Teaches that colors go to gather. Made very well and durable. We have had so many inquires about where we found this that I am sure this toy will be selling a lot from our friends. I highly recommend this toy
My 3 year old nephew loves this!
Awesome! Fits in perfectly with Dave & Stuart.
Oddly Cute...  -Correct product arrived promptly. -Got it as a gag gift to give chlamydia to my roommate as an inside joke--great gag gift! -Gotta admit, this is oddly cute... -The little fact sheet that comes with it is a surprising and educational bonus!
One cute Oddish  Cute.  Warning: not suitable for planting.
My daughter's lovie...  My daughter absolutely adores her green frog.  She uses it when she goes to sleep every night as a perfect cuddle toy/blanket.  She's turning one next week but has been cuddling with this for months now. The blanket is so soft and so cute. It's very light and there are no hard parts, which makes it a great sleep toy.  We purchased this one as a spare for when we are washing the original.  No matter where we are, if we want her to know it's time to sleep we just hand her this frog and she's out like a light.  It's the perfect size for her little hands.
Granddaughter loves Foxes and loves this small plush fennec fox
Beatrix potter stuffed animal.  So sweet rabbit , loved by my grandaughter
SHE WAS PERFECT. MY DAUGTHER LOVED IT
Got mad props from the gf
I love this bear  I love this bear! He speaks Russian. He even sings a Russian song. My granddaughter loves the show. She'll be delighted on Christmas morning when she has her very own Masha and bear dolls.
Little weird headed  Love Gir so bought a stuffed one. It's bigger than I thought. Only complaint it the head isn't shaped like Gir, More like Zim shaped. Still looks like Gir and was worth the price. Have him laying on my dash in the car. Matches the stickers and my tattoo now.
Cutethulhu  Adorable, soft and well made. I love this little guy.
Our granddaughter loved this size Elmo.  She is 2 and this is a perfect size.  Very soft and cuddly.
CUTE  Took a bit for it to arrive, but it eventually came. Even though Phanpy is small, it is very soft. This was given as a gift, and they love him very much.
I bought this for a 1-year old and he absolutely loves it.  So soft!
Granddaughter love it.  Soft and made well
i bought this for my dog and he LOVES IT
Barney plush  My grandson just loves his Barney and sings along with the song before nap and bedtime. A perfect Christmas gift!
My grandson loves this plush Lowly Worm. The delivery was prompt.
The kids loved them
Which is good.  Bigger than I thought. Which is good.
Was as advertised
Awesome product!  Wonderful toy! Our two year old loves it and it's great quality! We also got it way sooner then we expected ; )
Super cute for those who like animal crossing!  A friend gave it to me as an early christmas gift. It's extremely cute, a bit small, but nonetheless cute. My pupper also loved it!
fast delivery very satisfied
Very well made and very adorable
super soft
Granddaughter loved it
If you like Spiderman  If you like Spiderman, this toy is for you! My grandson received this toy from me as a reward for an accomplishment he achieved. He's 5, and really likes it.
Unique Gift  It was a great gift for my sister's baby shower. I'm a biology teacher, so she was happy to receive a gift that said something about the gifter.
Great value  Worth it... good size, material, better than I bargained for.
Everything as expected
Great quality plush  Great quality plush, he's made out of a good material and has a wonderful 'skeleton' that allows his limbs to be positioned as you wish. I recommend this plushie to any Fallout fan.
So cute and cuddly!!  Bought this for a baby's Easter basket. Purchased one of the bunnies last yr for the same baby. Lambs are hard to find, and even harder to find that are cute.  This size is perfect for little hands to hold and enjoy. Doesn't hog space in avg size basket.  Soft and squishy. Very comforting for a baby or child. Great Easter gift or just because! I will definitely be purchasing more critters from this line in the future.
my granddaughter will not let it out of her site, it even watches as she takes a bath  for her second birthday, wanted to get her something that she was interested and she is in love with Tinkerbelle looked all over for just the right thing, could not find it locally so thought Amazon. Should have gone there first and saved wear and tear on a grandfathers nerves, as the kids say Amazon you Rock
quick delivery. Arrived as described
Halloween finest  My daughter wanted this to complete her outfit for a deer parent for her deer baby.  Very cute compilation and the product was exactly as ordered and here on time.
My 7 and 8 year old love these plush zombies that are based on the Plants vs Zombies game.  It took quite a while on shipping but they love the item.
Bought this for my niece & she loved it
Great for the price!  These were great!
Useful kitchen tool  I have had this scale for a couple of years.  The battery is still good and the readings are very accurate.
Good quality!  I bought for my Granddaughter and she loves it!
cute
exactly as described!
Great purchase  Bought this for my 2 year old for her birthday. She absolutely loves them. Great quality and size. Money well spent.
BIG HIT!  Got this for my 10 year old brother who has Autism. I got him hooked on the show over the summer so when Christmas came around, he knew exactly what he wanted. He loves this thing! This plush is adorable! I almost want to get one for myself!
I love these dolls! My boyfriend is a computer programmer and they make great gifts!
This Cosmic UFO projector light is so cool beyond words  This Cosmic UFO projector light is so cool beyond words. The light on top projects the bright colorful soothing image of Aurora Borealis on the ceiling , rotating continuously in swirls of colors. It makes UFO sounds (only if you push the button. It can be turned off when you want). The colorful oval surrounding light have different fun adjustments that also can be turned off, so you can only have the Aurora Borealis light at bedtime . Helps my daughter fall asleep , which is huge! It's a favorite in our house.
pretty doll. our 5 month old baby like it very much.
Super Cute
My son loves buckles so this toy is perfect - great for the car and restaurants.
super cute but way longer than I expected  super cute but way longer than I expected. I wanted it for a toy for my baby at church but its much bigger than I thought.
my son loves it and it's exactly as described!
loved it  My grandson loved it! It arrived on time and was as advertised
Very cute!  Very soft!
B-E-A-Utiful  Pros: 1080p/24hz 120Hz Great Picture Narrow Bezel Swivel Base Great Blacks Great Colors A lot of Picture Adjustments  Cons: Brightness in corners when there is no image on screen  Summary: This is a great TV. Got it at Costco for 1299. So, I think that is the best deal. Was going to choose between W4100 and XF550U, and I am very glad that I went with the XF. My brother in law has the W4100 and I was a little disappointed with the picture, and more so with the picture adjustments. I did like the menu on the W4100 over the XF. But, aside from that the TV is great.  I have the Onkyo SR606 and the controls from either or control each other through the CEC capability. Very nice feature. This TV has all the bells and whistles.  The SD picture quality was better then I expected. The HD picture was absolutely amazing. The 120Hz does seem to jutter a little more then I expected, but most TVs that have that capability still to work on it.  The color is spot on and the blacks are surprisingly good for an LCD. Not as good as a plasma, but very good.  The swivel base is very very cool. It allows me to move the TV away from a window that gives me a lot of glare, and allows me to move it to get the best angle when I am on my other couch. Very very cool.
Love this guy ! Well-made and cute !
I just adore this super cute giraffe plush  I just adore this super cute giraffe plush. Not only is he soft and cuddly, but the rods in his legs allow him to stand all on his own. This makes him awesome as a decor item, as a prop for photos, or just to play around with. He stands well on the floor, counter and tables, so I imagine he would stand on about any flat surface.  The giraffe is nicely built. Ours arrived with no damage or flaws of any kind. The neck is bendable, meaning you can turn or angle his head somewhat to give him a different look. I like that the material is soft, but not shaggy. I hate to have a bunch of hairs falling off of a plush toy, especially if giving it to a younger child where it could go into their mouth. Thankfully, I didn't have any fibers or hairs falling off of this at all.  The rods in the legs do make them a little hard. I don't think it is an issue, but I wouldn't suggest having a stuffed animal fight with this one. My daughter picked this for her best friends birthday, and I think it will look super cute sitting on her bed with her other safari toys. It is larger than I expected, and so adorable, making it perfect for gift giving too!
Great for Otis fans, great for cuddling, but does not roll.  This stuffed tractor is great for Otis fans. It is well made and adorable. My two-year-old son, who loves all the Otis books right now, received this stuffed Otis for Christmas, and he loves it. He often asks to hold Otis during reading time or sleep with Otis at night. It is perfectly sized for a two-year-old child; my son can comfortably carry it around in one arm. However, prospective buyers should note that this Otis is all soft. That's great if your child wants to sleep with it, but the wheels do not turn and it does not roll. When my son first got it, he wanted it to act as a normal toy tractor so he tried to push it across the floor a few times, and he was frustrated that it wouldn't "work." When we explained that it was for cuddling and story time, though, he caught on and now loves Otis as a "stuffed animal" rather than as a toy automobile.
Great purchase!  Exactly as described. My son loved it. They are a good size, not tiny like other sellers. It arrived quicker than we expected too. (We ordered at Christmas time) Definitely recommend to other Paw Patrol lovers.
awesome  a very cute little plush toy, It will make my cousin very happy.
As expected
Yay for Ty and Hello Kitty collaborations :)  I am in love with Hello Kitty beanie babies! This is perfect for Easter :)
Plush Toy  A birthday gift for our Grandson and it was a hit! He loves it.
Chewy!  I bought this for my 3 year old son and he loves him. He's a nice size without being too big. He is soft and the fur does not fall out as some toys do. He takes quite a bit of handing and keeps his shape and fur.  Nice toy. No small parts or buttons so nice for smaller kids too.
High Quality  Olaf arrived safely and is as adorable as we expected. He is soooo soft, too. The shipping took a little time but not as much as originally forecasted. We are very pleased with our purchase.
ADORABLE!
Excellent!!!  Very good quality. Size was perfect for my kids, they love it at first sight. I totally recommend it.  Serious seller.
Absolutely adorable. Bigger than I thought. My granddaughter will love it. Its a birthday girft
Very satisfied.
Item as described
Perfect plush!  Stitch is a classic and this is a high quality doll!
My 3month old's new favorite toy  My 3 month old loves it, mostly the black and white patterns on the bottom of its feet.  The tongue has the crinkle noise in it, which he also loves. The tether and rings are perfect for handholds for his little fingers. We don't go anywhere without this toy right now!
Cute as a button
Cute and as described.
Awesome for zombie lovers  These are made very well and made to fit! My father is a size ten and the large fit with room to spare! Awesome for zombie lovers.
Perfect doll!
This is so soft and cute!
My son luvs them
Great  I bought it for my friend as a gift. She is love it. She has specific sense of humor so that doll is fit to drawer in her desk perfectly.
Loved it
Great quality!
I love the quality of this Pikachu, my niece loves her birthday gift as well
Super cute! Also  Super cute! Also, I was pretty excited I wouldn't have to be re-braiding hair over and over like I have with her Elsa doll from Disney World. We also are expecting another baby so I don't have to worry about big sister story-time accidentally turning into a boo-boo for the baby.
Very cute toys  These are very cute and well made. Great for smaller children (or even some adults). We got them for Christmas stocking stuffers. Perfect!
Great Fish  My favorite fish!!! One thing to notice is that her mouth is slightly open and one can see her teeth smiling - which I think is great, she's smiling all the time. However, some may be disturbed by the difference. Her eyes are bigger than the picture here, they look so curious!  Anyway, love the fish, can recommend it!
She loved it.  It was for our Granddaughter.  She loved it.
good foot stability  Comfy, fluffy, good foot stability. Awesomely comfortable. The only part that glows in the dark is the part where your feet go in, but not the eyes or the teeth, which was a little disappointing, but overall very comfy.
Grandson is crazy about it!  Nice size for play time.  Grand kids love to "act out" the movie and purple minions are hard to find so "thank you Amazon for having these toys! My grandson was begging us for a purple evil minion and this was perfect!
Quality that every amateur cook needs.  First off, this knife set is great because there are only 6--not 10 or 15 or 20--just 6 knives. And that's really all you need (read Anthony Bourdain's "Kitchen Confidential" and you'll learn that most professional cooks only use a few knives to complete their many and varied cooking tasks). Also, the knives are petite yet solid. No hefting a slab of tempered steel just to chop parsley. Nope. These combine the perfect balance of strength AND lightness. As far as aesthetics, their orange handles are flashy (in a good way) and the bamboo block is attractive and slender, which is another advantage of the set only including 6 pieces. Buy them and enjoy them!
Googlie-Eyed Cow Alert.  Googlie-eyed cow alert. Not an effective sling-shot but the silly moo and roadkill-squashed appearance make up for it. (It is slightly larger then a beanie-baby but not as durable so I do not recommend this for little ones.) A great novelty gift for that cow collector in your life! 5 bucks and 6 weeks of waiting were well worth the laugh factor.
Sweet Little Deerling!  Got this Deerling plush a few years ago. Out of the plushies from Series 2 of Jakks Pacific Pokemon BW plushies, I think this one and Minccino are the best. Deerling is quite a cute Pokemon. This plush brung a smile to my face. The spring coat is possibly the cutest coat of Deerling.  She is huggable, soft and sweet. The flower between her ears is similar to Shaymin Land Forme's Gracidea flower. Sadly, I thought it was going to be near her ear as pictured in the Ken Sugimori drawing of Deerling. She is perfect size and fun to carry around and hug. Anyone who likes Deerling, especially the spring coat of Deerling, should buy this!
Happy with my purchase  She is beautiful and the shipping was right on time
Very pleased with my purchase  I looked everywhere for this size Angel. She is exactly as pictured and so soft. Very pleased with my purchase. Fast shipping and arrived a day earlier than expected!
Excellent gift  I got this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it! It's so adorable and the fact that the eye patch comes off is awesome! It's really authentic.
Adorable  I love the size I love the colors it's very plush and my son is very happy with It thank you
A fun gift for an art enthusiast in the family.
Perfect gift, cannot wait to give!
I purchased two of these items for my granddaughters who are "into" Minecraft.  The dolls are, in my opinion, very ugly, but the children who received them were THRILLED.  The items are well made.
Granddaughter loved it
Perfect toy!  Great! It exceeded my expectations for quality and fidelity of character. I am very pleased with the purchase. Buy again!!!
The plush velvet is such a nice quality, I absolutely love it!
Adorable teething toy!  We love Meiya! She's just the right size for my 4 month old. She loves chewing on the ears and sucking on the nose. Cute, machine washable, and small enough to pack in the diaper bag. We get compliments on Meiya every time we're out!
wow  This is my 6month old babies favorite toy. It constantly has to be by her side and to find another one online was amazing. Wish my parents bought me a double of my favorite. It came so quickly in the mail as well. Very excited for this product.
He is so cool and cute!!!
My little cousin loved it.  I got this for my little cousin a few years back and she just loved it. It doesn't really fit much in it,but to see her so happy to have it really just warms my heart. Great gift to the little ones in your life.
Great quality and stands on its own  Great quality and stands on its own. Fraction of the cost of what you would pay at a toy store in a mall. Our two year old loves it!
FAST delivery and great price!  exactly what I was looking for! FAST delivery and great price!!
The quality is great. If I had to fix something I would have spaced the buckles a litter further apart. Other than that our daughters loves it!
Nice quality plush toys  Nice quality plush toys. My son loves them, and it completed his set.
Arlo and Spot.  We were so pleased with our choice.  Our granddaughter loves Arlo and Spot.  She loves the movies and was taken with the stuffed animals.  She takes them with her wherever she goes.  Such a good choice!
Super cute!
Gus is perfect  I LOVE this toy. I decided to call him "Gus" I was going to give it to Ruth, but I loved it too much to do so. I might order one for her now they've got more of him they can ship to Australia as well as the orange one (one for me, one for her); he is so soft and so great
Fun to play with. A great addition to my son's collection of figures.
Cookies  This was bought as a Baby Shower gift and is just adorable! The lower educational value score was due to this being decorative and not meant for education. Extremely happy with bigger size and the price was perfect. Great gift if looking for a cuddly stuffed animal for your "little" ones.
So sweet.  Love this little Baba.
Incomparable!  It's the little groove that does the trick by immediately releasing the aroma, bouquet -- the essence of the wine -- which results in a deeper enjoyment of even a mid-priced wine.  Highly recommended
Love it!  This toy is awesome! The voice is the same as the cartoon character. My daughter eyes shined when she hear him speaking. Im very happy with this purchase, and plus it came earlier
Looks legit
great for travel or at home  The buckle buddy is great. Totally entertaining for ages 10m to 2 or 3 years old.
Bought this for my nephew, Its really soft and cuddly!
Best Fluttershy plushie  The best plushie of Fluttershy ever. More accurate than most plushies from other manufactures and looks just as unique as homemade ones that look close to this one's quality. Just as advertised, she feels very soft and a little thick. Embroidered cutiemark is  on both sides. A perfect plush for any mlp fim fan.
Just what I expexted. Thanks
Good quality  Appears to be good quality and it was slightly cheaper then a local department store.  Seriously, the min word requirement needs to be lowered.
good price. Thx  Exactly as described, good price. Thx!
We have the set and they are all great.  My daughter loves all of these Winnie the Pooh plush toys.  We have the set and they are all great.
Really Big!  I bought this for my nephew as he as born in the year of the snake.  Man is this thing big!  Nearly ten feet long and probably 5 or 6 inches in diameter.  We curled it up in a coil, like you see in the picture, and laid him in it like a crib.
Great Buy!!!  I purchased this for my daughter for her 1st birthday and she loved it. She is now 4 and she still loves it, we just wash it in the washer and it just as good as new.
good
My new granddaughter loves it
my child loves it.
I believe in Snuffleupagus!  Bought this for my inner child - and it is so soft and snuggly, any child will love this toy. He's huge - more than 2 feet high.  All parts of Snuffy are soft and designed so no little parts can come off. He's huggably squishable, but sturdy enough he sits up on his own.  Arrived super fast; reasonable packaging. I am going to enjoy him until my grandchild shows up, and then I'll share. My dog is dubious, however.
Great plush bear for my grandkids...
Love it!
Perfect Giraffe!  I bought this for my daughter's best friend and she loved it! It's very soft, and very well constructed. The neck of the giraffe has a wire in it so it's very flexible and fun to play with. My daughter's friend is 14 and loves Giraffes. It was the perfect gift.
Arrived in great shape before it was expected.  My son loves this toy!  Thank you!
perfect!  It arrived quickly, and our grand daughter loved it. Perfect size for a 2 year old to love and hug!
She loved it!
Snorlax  I bought this to replace my son's original Snorlax toy that a kid STOLE from him. It is every bit as cute & cuddly as his original one.
Cute and soft!  Very soft, cuddly and cute!!!
My son absolutely loves it. Soft and cute.
Very soft and cute  Very soft and cute
I LOVE this Jesus  I LOVE this Jesus! He goes everywhere with us and is quite the conversation starter when I ask people to take pictures with him. Found him because my pastor started a "Traveling Jesus" project. I've bought several to give to friends on their trips as well.
Made my granddaughter very happy. Arrived quickly  Really cute.  Made my granddaughter very happy.  Arrived quickly.
Elmo is SOO cute!!  If your child loves Elmos this is a great little bed time toy.  He is soft enough to sleep with and small enough to tote around on the go!! And how cute is that little Elmo voice!
We love Elmo  My niece LOVES this one.  Great for small children.  She won't let it go.
Minnie Mouse a hit.  I was looking for the largest Minnie Mouse I could find without costing an arm and a leg.  This one was a good fit for what I was wanting.  She is constructed good and my granddaughter has slept with her ever night since she got her.  I would think she would be good for 2-5 year olds.
Get one of these if your boss denies your pay-raise request!  But seriously... THIS is just the pick-me-upper that a friend can use right after a: ==> marriage ==> messy divorce ==> birthday ==> mother-in-law moving in!
Love it  MY kid loves this toy (although nowadays I am trying to curb buying stuffed toys), cute, and does not damage even after weekly washings.
my son is a fan of the Pokemon and he is very happy with the purchase  I got it on time, my son is a fan of the Pokemon and he is very happy with the purchase
Best toy yet!  The inventor of this toy is a genius! My 18 month old is obsessed with any type of buckle and I came across this and he carries it everywhere!
excellent. I can't believe that my product arrived in a very good timely manner!, less than a week from the purchase date. the product is identical as depicted. I am so happy with this purchase. I read the other comment about the price increased on this item since Roberto alias "el chavo" is no longer with us. you won't regret buying this. It is a must have!! my daughter will be very happy when the Three Wise men get here!!
Even bigger than I thought it would be... SO cute!
God daughter loved it!!
Would definitely recommend!  The plush is beautiful, accurate, well-detailed, soft, and very strong-looking like Mega Charizard X should look.  The plush itself is very sturdy and doesn't feel like it's going to fall apart anytime soon. It stands up well on its own using its tail and legs.  What makes the wings stick up are pieces of plastic that work as frames. People have probably said that it's cardboard, but cardboard doesn't feel this sturdy nor is it as bendable as the material inside of the wings.  The hands are in a clenched position and it has sturdy felt teeth. The three flame pieces on the body aren't stuffed as much as the rest of the plush, but that doesn't knock down the quality at all, as it makes them more flexible and therefore more like real flames.  It isn't missing a single spike or detail which is to be expected from a Pokemon Center plush.  I'd say it's worth every penny.
Nice plush  Nice plush
Cute little Mario Yoshi plush  This is really cute.  A little smaller than expected but my son love super mario so he loves it.  It is soft and well sown.  My son was hoping mario detached from yoshi and was disappointed that it didn't but I told him it wouldn't ahead of time...he didn't believe me. lol  Any young Mario fan will like this though for sure.
Great toy - well made  Really well made and a great size for little ones. We love the Llama Llama books, and this is a great and fun addition to story time because after the story is over, my daughter can snuggle her llama as she falls asleep.
Awesome
Balanced, powerful, small... perfect!  I have mostly all 18v nicad bosch tools and was sceptical of this 10.8/12v lion tool.  (note: 10.8v and 12v bosch lion tools are the same thing, i.e. interchangeable).  I bought this as a random gift for my wife but I find that I'm using it more than my 18v drill/driver.  I love this tool.
In my kitchen and looks great! Would have liked it a little larger  In my kitchen and looks great! Would have liked it a little larger, but suits the purpose....everyone who saw it liked it.
Super cute! The only one I was missing in my collection
Love this Elmo
Great for girls bday  My kids love boo
Looks like I excepted and my son loves it  I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old son, we were looking for a boy doll for him but had no luck then I came across this one. Its just added bonus that it can teach self help skills. Looks like I excepted and my son loves it.
Hair falls a lot!
Love it!  Very cute!
fast and what i wanted
Ayeeee Matey!  This item was great. We needed for a themed party, last minute. Love the animated sounds as well! Easily turns on or off.
Cute and soft!
my granddaugter loves this item. well packaged!!!
This is the best  Best
Great for 16-month old grandchild  My 16-month old granddaughter learned how to buckle her parent's backpack, so I thought she'd like this toy.  She loves it.  The toy is well-made and just the right size to hold in her lap, or carry around.
My youngest granddaughter Loved it!! :)
Very Cute and Well Made  I was impressed by the craftsmanship. I have always been wary of buying plushies online, but for this listing what you see is what you get - an adorable Jolteon.
christmas present  This is a Christmas Present and my son is going to love it.  He has some Mario characters already and wanted this one too.
Perfect ever  Soft looks just like the picture Pokemon lovers will adore this!!!
RUDOLPH IS DARLING, I JUST LOVE HIM.  RUDDY OTHER WISE KNOWEN AS RUDOLPH IS DARLING. I JUST LOVE HIM I PLAN TO BUT A BIG STUFFED RUDOLPH AS WELL THIS ITSY BITSY IS DARLING AND SOFT I JUST LOVE HIM, LOVE THE ITSY BITYS SIZE.AND YOU WILL TOO.
I love Eeyore.  Cute and authentic from the Disney Store. I love Eeyore.
being a fun gift.  Was really surprised by the quality of this toy. It came in a plastic bag which was quickly discarded. There was no sales tag or anything on the plush, just the little white manufacturer's label and copyright info. it was intended as a gift for a small child and the bright colors, whiskers, and floppy face went over really well. The parents were both Pokemon fans so when they pulled a Magikarp out of the bag they laughed a lot, when they handed it to their child he began laughing too and pulling on the whiskers. So all in all, gotta give this one 5 stars for doing exactly what I bought it for, being a fun gift.
Its sooo cute ^-^ I just love it ^-^
This was perfect for my nephew for his baptism  This was perfect for my nephew for his baptism.  It's very soft and seems to be of great quality which is important since a baby will be playing with it.
I love it!  "L"  is so cute!  I love it!
Excellent
Nice toy.
My sons best friend got his horse...  This ones the one for anyone who loves Toystory characters, its as close as your gonna get. Would be better if it could stand up on its own but it definitely serves its purpose.
Very nice
Domo!  I sent this to my friend and she is crazy about Domo. How can you go wrong with Domo? The plush doll is very soft and a good size to keep on your bed. A good price as well.
Wife loved it.
Well made!
I sent this to several states for family members that could not make it to my daughters birthday party I'm so excited for her to open it
Got this for a gift and it was a big hit.
I love the doll
My daughter's loved
Very cute and shipped quickly!
Awesome
My grandson really likes this item
These are adorable.  Bought them for two newborns this year and they were a hit.
Great!  Gave as a present, exactly as described, got here very quickly! Best price I could find anywhere. Glad I bought it
My kids love it!
Arrived quickly! So soft! Can't wait to give this as a present!
Stuffed animal as expected.
Fantastic quality, even better price!
Awesome Plush is Awesome!  Love my Kirito! Was so excited to get him in the mail. Very early too. I love how his sword is attached to him and the material that was used to make it. I would recommend this for any SAO fan who loves Kirito.
good buy  Cute
kids love it!
Beautiful and a pack of 3  Bought this as a gift, so I'm not sure how they will wash and dry. But the pattern is beautiful. I was actually thinking of keeping one for myself. I do wish that it had made more clear that there were 3 towels in the packet which might have saved me some money on other gifts.
Awesome  This was a replacement Princess Peach. Her other one was worn out from play. This one is softer and plusher then the picture makes it look. Nice Buy!!
It was nice for st.patricks day
Girlfriend loved it.  The moment she saw it she gasped and did not let it go for hours. Said it was really soft and adorable.
Very Good  Came early and no package damage
The product was perfect. It was exactly what we had hoped for  The package arrived promptly. The product was perfect. It was exactly what we had hoped for.
Great  This toy is great for our toddler who always latches all latches that she sees. It has three different kinds, plus the zipper, they are color coordinated too. Many times she will take this toy and sit quietly until she buckles everything. It's hard to undo them still, so I unbuckle for her. The 6 most old loves to grab an end and use as tether too.
my daughter like this
Very durable and currently my son's favorite!
Baby loves it  Got this as a gift, our baby loves it.  It makes rattling noises and also dampened bell sounds.  Adults will have no idea what type of animal it is.
Cute  Daughter very happy!
Very nice product arrived on schedule
What makes princess happy  The order came in a timely manner. It was smaller than I expected but my daughter loves it!! Shes 13 and every since I gave it to her she carries it everywhere. Great purchase!
Addicted to Kirito  Okay. I have to be honest, I cannot stand stuffed animals. But a human stuffed animal is even more insane. So I just bought this as a little thing to scare myself but that idea failed. Instead I instantly fell in love with this little thing and started carrying him wherever I went. To breakfast, on walks, in the rest room, you name it. Everyone thought I was insane. But insane is awesome with this cuddly fellow. I can already hear your bed crying for Kirito to sleep on it.  Anime lover or not, just buy him anyways. You won't regret it.
Super Cute  Very cute little Llama Llama - my son likes the book red to him over and over and over again.  Now he has a buddy to sit with him when we read it together.  Just a note that the clothes are not removable.  The pants are sewn just above his tail and the shirt comes off except you can't get the sleeve over the Llama's stuffie that he is holding.  For some reason this infuriated my little one...then again he's only 2.  Overall a great product!!
we loved it  We loved it.  Five golden starso
love my  arrived on time. love my jigglypuff
Great product took a bit to get here but definately worth the purchase if you're a pokwmon fan
It has great texture to it too  Holy Moly this chicken is really cute! It has great texture to it too! The bottom is long and fuzzy like the picture, and the top is almost like a corduroy only softer and more chicken-like. This looks JUST like the picture. It's a good size too. Not too big or small. The only issue I could see is that it really only sits. So it may limit some play (???) that's maybe a stretch. My daughter is 3 and it does the job for her! :)
she loves it & is very happy with it  My niece wanted this for her birthday, she loves it & is very happy with it! Great quality, packaging & shipping!! Thank you!
My grandson loved it
Small and adorable.
Grandson loves it.  Got the large size due to concerns about the hard eyes on smaller sizes.
Love those bubble guppies  Finally deema and the other 3 previous not available guppies are here. They are so cute and just the right size for little hands
in perfect shape. child loved it  came quickly.  in perfect shape. child loved it.
So cute  This little guy is so cute!! I got him as a gift for a 5 yr old, who was having a Jake the Pirate party. It was a perfect gift, and she loved it! It's good quality plush. Wouldn't expect less from the Disney Store.
Very flexible, great appearance. Snug fit.  I'd use these again in a heartbeat, used these to connect a 4-channel amp to my head unit. No noise whatsoever, I don't even see a reason to run a higher end cable... shielded more than plenty, no interference at all. And I am running these right along (as in literally zip-tied) to my alternator charge wire (6ga welding cable), and my battery-to-starter patch (1ga welding cable). Doesn't even make a sound while cranking.  In case you're wondering, I'm running a trunk-mounted battery. I was expecting irritating noise from the alternator, but haven't heard so much as a hiss. A little expensive, but hey. Name brand, looks good, flexible, nice shielding. I won't complain.
Giant head  The head is way tooo big.
Great dog toys! My dog love to squeeze until they achieve the sound.
Perfect size for little hands and easy to drag around everywhere. :)  My baby sleeps better with a blanket but I know that's not safe so we decided to use this as a substitute. He loves it and can't sleep well without it. I had to buy another one so I can wash it once in awhile but I would recommend buying two at once. Our first one is 'broke in' a LOT more than the second and he doesn't like the new one as much...
The kid is happy.  And these were a fraction of the price of buying them retail.  So mom is happy.  What more can you want?
Granddaughter loves it!!  I bought this for my granddaghter for Christmas.  She loves it.  It is soft, cuddly and fun for her to play with.
Super soft and cute!
We love it.  This is so cute. We love it.
Soft and made well. Better than expected.  Very soft, song is great, 1 year old loves it.
Great product  I purchased this little Yoshi for my son.  It was perfect!  No problems with poor seams.  It was nice to get a "real" yoshi, not its fake counterpart that falls apart quickly.  If this company had not shown the shell (back view) on their page, I would not have purchased it. Thank you for helping make a little guy very happy!
Perfect!  My son loves these dolls so we decided to get him the whole set.  This is made of an excellent quality material that can hold up to good heavy play.  I would recommend these to anyone!
Very well made
THANK YOU!
love it
Mega Charizard X Plush is Bae  Love this plush!! It's very sift and spot on. It goes cute with my Charmander plushie as well ^
Just the right size!
Toys are nice, came from china but they have held up
good
Very handy  These are great! Good size, sharp enough. I make my own meals for my kid and use these fo travelling to grate fruits and veggies.
He thinks it's the greatest thing ever  arrived today and my 5 yr old son has not stopped hugging it! He thinks it's the greatest thing ever. I see nothing wrong with it and am very pleased with the purchase.
wonderful for any lo we of Bernie  wonderful for any lo we of Bernie. detail of it is amazing from the jacket that's almost detached from him, to his hair that you can spoke of lay flat and his little skinny legs. very cute
my granddaughter loves this toy Best thing ever!
My gf absolutely loved it when I got this for her.
Nice!  Just received it today, its exactly as pictured. Super soft with great detail. Will be using it for my daughters Peter Rabbit themed birthday party!
Perfect!
Very cool!
The most imprtant tbing to know is that the product is soft and huggable  what I like most about this product was the height. Perfect gift for a newborn or toddler. I also liked that the legs were very sturdy and yet soft and huggable. I bought this as a baby shower gift/decor.
Decent quality, as advertised.
This is a great quality plush  This is a great quality plush.  I was looking for some Star Wars plush my toddler could play with without worrying about her ingesting any small pieces - this one looks really great and I may just put it up for her.
gag gift  For years my brother and I have been cleverly gifting each other odd and downright weird foot wear. He said these were the best yet -- and this has been a 20+ year tradition! (You should see my stiletto high-top sneakers!)
Talking Ben  Adorable product
Loved it! Perfect size! And the seller was helpful and polite!
Absolutely adorable. Will purchase others.
Good quality  Good quality product. My 7 year old son loves them and they seem to hold up well. Good price for the size of each plush and how many you get, compared to buying separately.
For my seven year old but i've been cuddling with it more! So soft!!!
Nice selection of folders. I needed colors for separating subjects and didn't need licensed characters.
Good plush  Nice addition to a friends collection. good plush
I loved it.  The gift wrap bag is a nice touch.  Thank you very much.  It's really well made.
My niece loved this cuddle toy
So darn cute! This is the first toy that my daughter carries around everywhere. 
Great as a small surprise or in addition to other gifts  I bought this, as well as the Korilakkuma Space Collection doll, for my girlfriend for Valentine's day. She loves it! The arms look pretty disproportionate in a really hilarious way when you move the heart, but that's necessary in order for its arms to be able to hold anything with any sort of security. All in all it was a really cute product and my girlfriend loved it, which is what really matters here.
Quality interactive toy!  I have been waiting a long time to get a buckle toy for my daughter. She is 16 months and is just at the age where she starts to interact more with buckles and snaps. While she can't quite do this toy on her own yet she loves interacting with it and watching me use the buckles. Very good quality. Great toy for boy or girl.
Excellent product.  Fast shipping. Highly recommended!
I LOVE IT!  Just got this in the mail, and already it is my favorite Bleach item I own! The picture does not do it justice! Everything on this plush is PERFECT, from the hair, the sunglasses, and even Zabimaru behind him! It would have been better if it was in the Shi-Kai (the larger form that sorta looks like a saw) since that's usually what they show him with on the show, but it's fine. Compared to the Ichigo plush (sitting pose), he is a tad bit smaller, but for some reason, about twice as heavy. Maybe it's his high Spirit Pressure!!! BUY IT!!! :D
Amazing!!  I ordered this for my daughter for her Easter basket since we get a hello kitty for every holiday and sometimes just for fun. I guess you could say collecting hello kitties is a hobby of ours. This particular hello kitty arrived earlier than what was promised, and wrapped to perfection! I could not ask for a more perfect product! My daughter carries it everywhere she goes! I would most definitely order from here again!!!
This is my favorite baby gift  This is my favorite baby gift.  I give it to everyone I know who is having a baby.  The socks are a great quality and the toy is still a favorite.
Very cute & soft  This little bunny is adorable.  It is very soft and has the cutest face!  I bought this one for me!  It would make a lovely gift for a child or  newborn.  The features on the bunny are made with stitching so there are no buttons to make it unsafe.  It is really cute.  Update 2/25/16:  I bought this bunny for myself because it was just so cute.  It sits on my shelf above the computer.  I put it through the wash a few times to clean out any dust that might have gotten on it, but you could just shake it out if you prefer.  It isn't as soft as it was before the wash, but that is to be expected.  It still looks good and the pink on the cheeks did not come off.  I still like it.
No problems
Perfect  I purchased this for a friend as she was unable to find one locally.  She was thrilled and said it was 'perfect'. Thanks.
good quality plush  official nintendo quality plush, smelled like it was sitting in a warehouse for a long time but that's understandable just spray some fabreeze on it
Great toy!  Great toy!  It has even more than buckles, which I didn't know about until it arrived. Theres a zipper and flaps with animals and numbers.  My twin 2 year olds both love it.
Perfect Easter bunny  Perfect bunny. Soft and squishy and the face is so cute. My daughter loves it.
Cute  Soft, almost realistic miniature
Go, go, Godzilla!  This has become my favorite Godzilla toy! Great quality, firmly stuffed, and much larger than I expected. A great addition to my Godzilla collection.
Awesome  Excellent product. Super happy with this and it is amazing. Will totally be back to purchase from this company in the future.
My daughter loves her furby .  Arrived fast my daughter loved her furby she carries it around with her every where and we even downloaded the app as soon as she opened it and it worked very well with it oh and I should tell you the toy changes from boy to girl as well, I know it's weird !!! But the kids gotta kick out of it
great quality
Soft!  very, very soft and larger than I expected. Often these types of plushies are on the smaller side, but this one was a good size. Certainly worth the price.
Very Happy  My daughter loves little Dora. Everything was as described. Great shipping arrived in time for X Mas, no trip to the mall for a last minute sticking stuffer.
This was a gift for my niece and she just loves it. Very well made product.
great  perfect
Made a 2 year old very happy.
Love Angry Birds Star Wars  This is just as explained and a very nice gift for a child.  The sound makes it all the better.  My grandson and I always play Angry Birds together and this will make a great addition to his collection.
very nice  very nice plush toy, my son loves it, just a little pricey, but it was a Christmas present so it didn't matter too much
Super cute!
Everyone loves that I have the killer bunny on my costume at the Ren Faire!  It really ads to the character!  Thanks!
arrived in great condition, adorable
Good quality, nice edition to my room
Great Minecraft Product  I bought this for my 9 year olds birthday. It was by far his favorite present. He even started the Creeper's own twitter account @TheOKCreeper Hahahaha!!! Great toy. It was nice and big and he gets comments on it almost everywhere he goes.
Absolutely adorable. Initiates conversation!  So absolutely adorable.  I had picked them up on out way out to dinner, and being as excited as I was, ended up having it with me on the table during dinner.  It is definitely a conversation starter.  I don't have any child of my own, but I imagine it would be a great toy to use with small children to do role playing.  Also, it would be an awesome toy to get my toddler nephew to be interested in learning about peas and other plants.  I plan on showing this to my nephew (but keeping them to myself!  hee hee hee) and take him to the nursery to get some soil and pots to start a little pea pot for him.  Not only cute, but great toy that opens up lots of possibilities.  Very well made with excellent, soft fabric.
adorable Peter!!
ok
Playskool  What a great doll. This doll is easy for any child to love this doll.  I remember this doll as dressy Bessie . Learn how to button zip tie. Great for little fingers. Doll has a very sweet face. Overall great learning tool, for children.
AAA+ a little slow on shipping but Great other wise!! Thanks!!
Was cute and as expected. My daughter was thrilled
I got it for my friend and she loved it so  So soft. I got it for my friend and she loved it so yeah
Recommend  Shark enthusiast daughter LOVED this! Well made & worth the purchase.
Winnie is a Winner!  As I have come to expect, Amazon is tops in on-time delivery. what's more my grandson is in love with his cuddley Winnie.  Sleeps with him, in fact.
Great trade thank you
My grandkids loved it all!
My son loves this plush toy
Amazingly soft  this bear is BIG and arrived safely and quickly!! perfect for cuddling
Great  My baby nephew loves mario and was so happy.
We love Lippy Lips!!!
Well made and made a beautiful Halloween wreath.
Kid loves it
By far the best plushie I've ever seen!  This Palkia is absolutely fantastic! He is by far the softest and most cuddly of all the Pokmon plushies I've seen (or any plushie I've seen, actually). He's made out of a really, really soft and smooth fabric, and is stuffed the perfect amount - he's firm enough to keep his shape, but no so firm that he feels like a rock, and not so soft that he's floppy. His arms and wings are very flexible and movable, though.  He's massive - about 16 inches tall and 16 inches long, which definitely makes him big enough to hug. It also makes him surprisingly heavy (which is nice, because most other Pokmon plushies are so light they feel like they aren't even there). He also can stand on his own.  The construction and details are fantastic as well. The stitching is very solid, and definitely won't be coming undone any time soon. Every little marking and detail that's on Palkia is present on this plushie. It's really neat how different parts of him are made out of different materials: the purple areas on his neck, tail, and feet are actually a rubbery/leathery material, his wings are made out of a rough, thick, and somewhat floppy material, and the pearls on his shoulders are somewhat shiny as well.  Overall, Palkia is an amazing plushie that looks great, is made well, and is super cuddly and huggable! I would definitely recommend him to any Pokmon fan.
Perfect gift for our sloth loving grandson.  Perfect gift for our sloth loving grandson! Very nicely made. Prompt shipping!
Bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter, she LOVES it!!
L is really cute.
My son loves it!
Looks just like picture. Very soft and cute  Took the longest time to receive. I actually ended up canceling the order because amazon informed me that something might have gone wrong because it was taking so long. Three weeks after canceling, I received it. Looks just like picture. Very soft and cute. Little nephew loved it! He's a big fan of the little prince and he loves foxes!
Absolutely adorable...  This product review of the Skip Hop Nursery Plush Toy, Giraffe Safary is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program, a club of selected customers that provide opinions about "new and pre-released items." We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.  The smile on a babys face is a gift for families and friends, especially during the Christmas Holidays. This toy is very attractive, soft colors and safe because there are no components that a baby can swallow.  Rather snuggly, it has become the preferred companion to the new baby in the family and it is so adorable to watch as the baby cuddles this toy that many adults feel compelled to pick it up and play with it to make the baby smile.  Highly recommend this product if you want to enjoy giving the ideal gift to the new treasure in your lives!
Super cute!  Fast shipping via Prime. My 6 yr old loves PvZ and he is going to love this when he gets it for Christmas. Super cute, looks just like the picture and description is accurate.  Def a fan!
There are times in every man's life where you're in a situation that calls for Pam's H.R. Dolphin puppet.  It's INEVITABLE!  Luckily, I had one when that time came in my life. So there I was, drinking bourbon neat in a small cafe in war-torn New Zealand, admiring some of the locals girlfriends (pretty sure I had a jumper or 2 made from the coats of some of those lasses) When suddenly this huge maori charges out from nowhere and starts screaming at me. Now obviously the first thought that crossed my mind was "where is that hot little blonde from the store across the road?" So, finishing my bourbon I calmly indicated to the screaming maori gentleman to please wait here. Then I go up to my room, I open by suitcase and I retrieve my Pam's H.R. Dolphin Puppet. I go back downstairs, and I proceed to beat the maori over the head with the puppet while screaming at him "WHY PAM WHY DO I HAVE TO FILL OUT THE BLOODY FORMS"  Needless to say, I'm now the local hero and I got lots and lots of casual sex.
great for little boys  I bought this toy for my nephew. It arrived on time and has turned into his new sleeping companion. He loves how soft it is. My nephew is 3 years old so I consider him an expert on stuffed toys.
Perfect!  My 2 year old loves her dinosaur. She sleeps with it every night. It's very soft and cuddly and holds up to being washed in the washing machine.
It's a me!  Great Mario plush.
Easy to throw in the wash  My son loves these.  Easy to throw in the wash.
Great product and timely delivery.
Best money spend
My 8 year old son loves this item and plays with all the stuffed Mario plush toys.
My son loves dragons so I was on the hunt for a few stuffed animals that he could wrestle around with. He's almost 2. This is perfect. I'm very excited to see him open it for Christmas.
Adorable!!  Amazing!!! Very well made and looks so adorable. My mom got this for my two year old for Christmas and he loves it. He loves that the neck bends and it stands up on its own,  he carries it around with him everywhere. 
Cute & on time!
Awesome!  Bigger than expected! Awesome!
My son still loves it  Nice stuffed toy for kids. I got it 2 years ago when my son was three. my son now is 5 and a half and this Mickey is still his best friend. Highly recommend as decent gift for someone loves Mickey
Great bedtime buddy  Great condition. My son loves it. Highly recommended.
Super cute plush  My daughter loves nightmare before Christmas and this was a perfect gift. She loves it so much.
My daughter loves it!!  My daughter wanted an ugly doll for Xmas and unfortunately, I couldn't get one shipped in time. But her birthday is soon after, so she got this for her bday. She loves it and it's cute.
Great Buy  My granddaughter will be so excited when I give her this Celia Doll. She has wanted one and I knew I could find it here on Amazon. The price was right and the shipping fast. !
Excellent  Very cute, great dog
Soft but sturdy. My three year old boy loves it  Very cute! Soft but sturdy. My three year old boy loves it. I saw this for $5 at Walmart & got the Ironman one to pair with Spiderman after buying Spiderman here
he loved it!  I ordered this for my 9 month old nephew...he loved it!
Yes another Angry Bird  Very well made and durable.  My FAVORITE option of this plush was not just right price but no sounds on this model.. Amazon was the only place I could locate this.
So very cute and cuddly  This was my alternative to elf on the shelf which I find ugly.  This little girl did the trick as a replacement she is quite adorable and unique.  Every other kid has Elf on the Shelf (boring).  This is a fraction of the cost, although it doesn't come with a book, I'm sure you can be creative and make up your own story to start a holiday tradition with the kids.  Every night when she moved we found a snowflake (cut out from ribbon or paper) that we collected each morning.
Nice comb - solid and useful  This comb works great after brushing to get the tangles out and remove any loose hair. My dog is not too crazy about it because it pulls but the comb itself is fine.
Lovely Ariel doll  Perfect Disney rendition of Ariel My granddaughter collects the large plush Disney figures They hold up well during child's play
Super Cute!  Adorable little stuffed animal, gave it to my niece for her birthday and she loves it. Super plush and soft so she sleeps with it all the time.
Great quality plush and very soft!
looks very cute.  it looks really nice. i love the texture and the cute design of this one. i am very happy to have this one. what an awesome toy indeed.
So happy with product and length of delivery!  So cute! We received way before expected! This has made my family VERY happy!
Very nice Foxy plushie  Well made snd extremely soft to the touch.  My son was very pleased, and I am surprised at the good quality.  A nice size plushie.
Perfect as described, arrived on time :)
super cute, and worth the buy!
Looks just like the picture  I got this as an early Christmas gift from my boyfriend. Its so soft, and cuddly. Looks just like the picture.
Absoulutely adorable! I can't wait for my daughter to open these on Christmas Day!
great quality.  fast delivery, great quality.
Love  My grandson loves the Toy Story movies. I bought this and Buzz Lightyear for him for Christmas. Can't wait till he opens it.
cute son loved it
Very cute plush and fast shipping. Thanks!
My grand-daughter loved it!
My son 3 and daughter 1 both love this toy and it keeps them busy and quiet for car trips.
she loved it. Bought it for a year old girl  was a gift, she loved it.  Bought it for a year old girl.
Zombie  My son loves this Zombie!
A gift for my grandson. He loves it!
Totally worth it!  It's Kirby alright! Good quality, stitched well! I recommend!
My 18 month old loves this toy.  Keeps him occupied for about 10 minutes... winning
Great Unicorn  My six year great grand daughter recieved this for her birthday.  This was one of the wishes she wanted.  It is fantastic, she loves to play with it.
5 year old love it.  Both my 3.5 year old and 1.5 year old love it.
pokemon  These were also gifts for my grand daughter. She loved them and has collected them for over ten years. She will take any that she does't have in her collection and is always happy to get them.
Love it.
My nephew absolutely loves this frog.  He takes it everywhere!!!
Very pretty!
Sweet elephant  My son picked this out for his baby sister. He loved it when it arrived. Soft and cute and very sweet.
Great quality  Nice for kids or fans
who doesn't love anna maria horner  who doesn't love anna maria horner, am I right?! great colors in this line, super excited to sew with it!
It's a Mario!  My grandkids 7 and 4 have got their on collection of Mario figures and stuffed animals going on, they love it.
wonderful  Wonderful
Perfect  This product came exactly as described
great
Adorable!  Very cute & my daughter loves it!
King Kazuma The Action Plushie!  He was a lot more expensive than I thought he'd be, but he's from an awesome movie and I know that he is extremely hard to find. I love that he is posable. Not to many anime plushies that can do that. I love the detail they put into making him. The only thing that would have made it better would have been if he had come in his original box. He came in a plastic bag. Still love him though. He's definitely in my top two favorite plushies and I have huge collection of anime, american, and vintage plushies.
so he absolutely loved this gift for his new baby boy  My nephew is both a Mickey Mouse and Star Wars fan, so he absolutely loved this gift for his new baby boy.
Awesome product.  Great Seller.
Lovely Ninetales Plush (All Nine Tails Included!) - but be careful who you order from.  This Ninetales plush is absolutely lovely! She is gorgeous and perfectly constructed, with sublimely soft creamy minky fur and masterfully embroidered piercing red eyes. All details are spot on -- all nine tails included! She is accurately shaped and very regal in appearance, with a serious expression, a long, pointed, distinctly vulpine muzzle and round black nose. She is truly a work of art in plushie form. Ninetales, the mysterious and ghostly fire fox (kitsune) is one of my favourite Pokemon, and this amazing plush definitely does her justice.  Each tail is stuffed and shaped precisely, with a lovely fiery orange tip. Seven tails are curled behind her, while the other two are wrapped gracefully around her front, just as she is commonly depicted in artwork and in the games. She is a bit heavy due to the volume of her luxurious tails, and larger than I imagined (9 inches tall from the tip of her fluffy crest to her toes, and 9 inches long from snout to tails). The embroidery is excellent, showing great attention to detail -- she even has little brown paw pads sewn on the bottoms of each foot! She can stand on her own due to her thickly-stuffed tails providing much balance and support. The plush is also very sturdy and durable, with excellent stitching. The quality is top-notch.  This Ninetales is also very huggable and cuddly-soft, so she is perfect for both children and collectors who love Pokemon. Highly recommended! You will not be disappointed with this beautiful Ninetales.  Note: There are many price-gougers selling this Ninetales plush for outrageous prices ($50-70+), so don't be tricked. I purchased mine for $15.99 on eBay, and have provided photos of my Ninetales plush to prove that it is legit. My Ninetales came with all her official Pokemon Center tags attached (Japan version hang tag and tush tag), and looks beautiful -- no different from the stock photos.  EDIT: Be warned, as some buyers here have apparently recieved bootlegs of this plush. I was not aware that there was a fake version of this plush being sold here until recently. Not sure if that's why my review is being down-voted all of a sudden, but please know that I am being honest and reviewing the AUTHENTIC Pokmon Center product which I received from a reliable eBay seller. Of course, I do not encourage anyone to buy the fake one. Be very careful who you order from on Amazon.
SPIDERMAN DOLL  GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY GREAT GRANDSON  WHO LOVES SPIDERMAN
His name is Dave!  I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas, as she has a love of narwhals.  Upon opening the box, she exclaimed "his name is Dave!"  We all laughed, and she says loves him more than anything else she received that day.  What more could I ask for?  It is super soft and durable.
Son absolutely loved it!!!!!
My daughter loved them! Note  My daughter loved them!  Note: it was not what the picture showed...they came from China and all the tags (and names) are in Chinese. Quality was still decent though.  My Pokemon fan was happy.
Great item!
This is a Christmas gift for another niece and I believe it will be a hit with her.
Hello Kitty Hawaii  I love it!  Not too outlandish and over laid with unnecessary stuff! Simple , precise and extremely cute!  Can't say anymore.
ohmygosh!  Holy cow this is amazing I love and can not let go of it!
Just adorable. My granddaughter loves him  Just adorable.  My granddaughter loves him.  Very well made.
Thank you!!!!!!
Great Favors  Purchased as a favor for our son's birthday party. They're cute and is a great assortment.
Fantastic toy! I have a very happy little niece :)  Fantastic toy! I have a very happy little niece :)
Yep it's a Mudkip  He looks just like the picture! The only thing I should mention is his head fin is actually floppy and doesn't stand upright like it appears in the picture.
Perfect Komasan plush  Wonderful plush doll! Captures Komasan perfectly. Perfect size, too!
I COULD NOT HAVE BEEN MORE PLEASED WITH MY SHERIFF WOODY PLUSH TOY AND NEITHER COULD MY GRANDSON.  THANK YOU SO MUCH.
pokemon with no pokecenter  i love it. it came way faster  than i had expected. it did have a rip in the tail but it was minor. i might consider buying other eeveelutions from this seller. i recommend this to ant pokemon fan
Yes it came I love it thanks
It's so big! my daughter almost cried when she opened it on her birthday.
My granchild loved it
Thank you  Fast shipping and product was as expected. My son loves it!!
So cute
Merry Christmas  this was a Christmas gift and it made my nephew very happy.
Very Pleased  My son absolutely loved the Llama Llama plush & it was just the right size for him. I wasn't to sure when I purchased if it would be big enough but it was.
BUNNY!!!! from Animal Crossing!  Really Great quality!  My Daughter LOVES it!!! She takes it to school everyday! Couldn't be happier...no complaints...pretty big too, great collectors item
Daughter loved it!!  Great size for my 3 year old
A+
I love love loooove this pikachu!!  I have him on my desk to cheer me up while doing boring work :D
Item received and very happy with it.
So Cute!  Love this dog!!  My child carries this everywhere we go.  At first it looked a bit strange but it just needed to be loved and the fur came up and looks adorable.  So cute,  we even went on Boo's facebook page and seen current photos of Boo and friends.
Beautiful Pulls, Both Antique and Modern Simultaneously  These particular bronze drawer pulls possess a unique combination of stylized Modern simplicity and Victorian ornateness which were particularly suited to an elaborate (and very expensive) 3-year art furniture desk project we built. The quality of the pulls is terrific, nice and solid, beautifully cast, pleasing finish. Highly recommended.
Thank you .
Very nicely put together. Very cute, & realistic.  Love it!
My two year old little blue truck fan will love it.  Cute as a button.  My two year old little blue truck fan will love it.
No problems.  As expected.
This plush really is soft and cute. the details are amazing. Mario is a bit shorter than the Luigi plush, just as in the games. The quality of the plushy is verry high. I love my Mario plush.
I love these pigs and so did all the little birthday boys and girls who I gave them to. Snuggly soft.  Well made for the price.
Nice plushie  Very soft and cute. Kids will definitely like this huggable one eyed evil purple minion plushie. Easy to carry around.
Changed my Life  The moment I opened the box and removed the air-filled packaging, I just knew the Disney Eeyore Plush Toy -- 11" would change my life. I was not disappointed. I recommend this product to anyone who wants to be happy.
Loved it
Perfect
Was a big hit for our 20 month old granddaughter.
They did the job with no problems.
grand daughter loves it  cut little stuffed toy. seems to be just what the grand daughter wanted.  no small parts to come off and choke either which is a plus.
Cute! Just as described.  Cute!  Just as described.
Cool  Awesome for Ghostbusters fans
Good quality, fair price.
Clean  It was clean and very neat!
My son love it
My daughter loves them. She's wearing them right now. :)
superb quality. Very very nice. I am ordering another!  superb quality. Very very nice. I am ordering another!
my granddaughter loves it....
review  my daughter loves it.  it reminds her of her dog at home while she is at college and helps her from being homesick
Great Product  Excellent quality and price.  NOT a cheap copy.
Super cute and soft!
Great size and great price!  My grandson loves Scrat! Purchased this for a birthday present for his Ice Age Collision Course Birthday Party! He will love it!
Perfect size for little ones  Very pleased and my granddaughter loves Elmo. It was on my doorstep in 12 hours.
child loved it
Surprisingly nicely made toy. One of our favorites. Took forever to arrive from China - at least 2 months!
highly recommend, well made  Purchased for niece and she hasn't put it down since ... highly recommend , well made , super soft
This toy was a big hit with my nephew!
Good!  Its looks it is going to be good
Son loved it  I bought this for my sons birthday and he was absolutely thrilled!!
i love you: D  Furby? i love you :D haha
My son absolutely loves this thing!
Good quality plush  Huge hit!! Good quality plush!!
Good
READY? SET! POP!  This plush is adorable! With the bell on top, it is a great collectable from Animal Crossing. Get some bells, cause this is a great buy!
Super fast shipping!!  Just in time for Christmas!!  Thank you!! Highly Recommend!!
Awesome product  Thanks so much . My child lives it!  Perfect condition!
My nephew loved it!!!
cute  My Grandson Loves this toy. One of the few things he wanted. he was sad it didn't have plastic boots....lol
but my grandkids love this character  Don't get it, but my grandkids love this character, and the toys are nicely made.
It was really nice when it came in and she loved it  I bought this to go with a mermaid blanket for my 5 year old niece. It was really nice when it came in and she loved it!
Our great grandson loved it
It is beyond adorable. Extremely soft and cuddly  I found this in a local children's store.  It is beyond adorable. Extremely soft and cuddly!  Cute, cute, cute.  Beware the colors are more muted than those in the ad.  I cannot wait to send it to my new niece.
3yr old Grand-daughter loves it  This was purchased for my 3yr old Grand-daughter for Christmas. She loves it. Its the next best thing to a real puppy.
nice
The cutest Michael Myers you'll ever see  my son loves Michael Myers so I wanted to buy something he can cuddle that wasn't too scary, and this little guy is it!. it is on the smaller side, but that's exactly why I bought it.
Great little gift  My son loves angry birds and star wars.  I love that they combined to two.  This toy is great.  They kids can throw it around and no one gets hurt.
good quality  great quality and good price
Soft and huggable - perfect for a toddler  Soft and huggable - perfect for a toddler. My son is obsessed with Elmo and loves this. He takes it everywhere and I love that the eyes are soft (not hard like ones I have seen in stores).
kids love it
Very good quality
It's legit not fake  Looks good doesn't look fake my daughter loves it
Nice
A Good Buy  These were awesome. They were part of my 1 year old's birthday party favors table and they were a hit with the kids.
Perfect for us!  No flaws, very soft! Can't wait to see my soon to be 2 year old's reaction at her birthday for her "life size" Olaf!
very nice
Furry Chewbacca  Absolutely the cutest of all of the Angry Birds Star Wars plushies. Comes with a cute & funny "shake this plush to fluff up it's fur"-note. :D
Great  Soft and Plush for a child under the age of 1 year, our daughter enjoys hers. I am pleased with the product.
Adorable!  Adorable! I purchased this along with other animals for a woodland themed baby shower.
Cody the Smart Cub  Very cute. Bright colors. Worth the price.
Hammer'n It Up!!  Like many, I grew up in the 80's where Mario became a serious worldwide phenomenon.  I had an old NES in which I just took out, dusted, and popped into my TV.  I can't believe how many years it's been.  I felt as if I re-lived all my childhood memories in just a few hours.  Before, I went to my local gamestop to search for some mario merchandise (I did see them before, but recently, there wasn't any around, but I decided to give them a shot anyway).  The rep at the counter was kind enough to recommend me to amazon to search for all mario related merchandise.  I ordered hammer bros from amazon and I am THOROUGHLY pleased.  I've been to anime shows across the nation and have come across some really terrible plush i.e. no attention to detail.  What I loved about this one is that it came in a plastic bag.  I've ordered items on ebay before and they just send me plush, but NO BAG. WHO KNOWS WHO TOUCHED IT!!  But bag aside, it's very soft, not, similar to a pillow material, and not a rough soft (if that makes any sense).  I actually just bought another one for my niece, it should be arriving within a few days with Amazon prime, THANKS AMAZON!
cute
Granddaughters' replacement "Ellie"  When our granddaughter was born 5 years ago, she received a tiny pink elephant she called "Ellie".  Over the years the stuffing fell out and "Ellie" became almost non-existent.  I searched and searched the internet and finally found the Aurora pink elephant and saw that it was a direct replacement, size, coloring and texture.  When my granddaughter received this on her 5th birthday, she was overwhelmed that "Ellie" had been re-born.  To say it was perfect is an under-statement.
Perfect amazing price fast shipping
Great product!  Son loves it!
Good  Good
Too cute  Must have for any Elmo fan.  Soft and well made
Cute and fast!  Thank you!  My daughter recently discovered the gremlin movie and loves her gizmo.  It was one of her favorite Christmas gifts.  Thank you!
My son loves guy diamond. He is somewhat hard to hear but that doesnt seem to bother my son.
A hit  One thing I will say about this clip doll is that the clip is a thin cheap plastic (even by cheap plastic standards).
its just like the photo and much larger.my son loves it
A nice addition  My friend loves this since he's a shark lover and it compliments his other shark related stuff.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wildlife-Artists-Great-White-Shark-Plush-Stuffed-Toy-Small/dp/B0027SW790/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wildlife Artists Great White Shark Plush Stuffed Toy, Small</a>
Kids love it  These are cuddly and small and the kids love them.  They like to put Elmo in their toy strollers and walk them around the house.
Loved it, completed the costume.
You can find it all on Amazon  Only one I could find. Made a kid happy!
Gift for my Wife  My wife asked for this Mynus doll and she was surprised and happy to receive it. I did not know anything about Ugly Dolls before she showed me.  REALLY COOL!!!
Super cute pokedoll  I was really pleased to get my snivy, she came quickly and looks great :) a great gift for any pokemon fan
Just what we were looking for
Very cute!!  Very cute toy. My son absolutely loves it!!!
Cute and soft  My daughter received Boo as a gift.  She doesn't usually like stuffed animals, but Boo is extremely soft and cuddly.  My son keeps telling me he would like one as well. Boo's fur is softer than any stuffed animal we have, and his stuffing inside is soft, but not too soft that he gets misshapen.
Constant Companion  A Christmas gift for my little cousin...and his mom said it seems like he hasn't put it down since. He  most definitely will not leave home without it...every picture of a car trip has him clutching Boo. When he's sleeping he has Boo clasped tightly in his arms and if they attempt to take it from him he's startled awake.  She said it's huggable soft, and plush and surprisingly she hasn't needed to clean it since he got, though he is always playing with it.
excellent product  Purchased as a gift.  It is excellent quality.  Would purchase again with no question.
excellent! !  I purchased this plush toy to swap it with the one my son already had because it was my son favorite but it needed to retire :) I received it earlier than expected which was awesome, it was exactly was I wanted and in perfect condition.  My little boy is happy and so is this mommy
My son seems to love it.
great  Came right on time, great price, great quality these plush items are often difficult too find and can be overpriced, I was very satisfied with my purchases.
Great Gift for Elderly Persons with Dementia  I purchased the Ittybit bunny for my 97 year old mother, who has dementia. She's at the stage where she needs help bathing and doesn't remember when or if she ate a meal. She is comforted by and likes to hold my 5 lb. chihuahua. I also noticed her "petting" a stuffed dog she owned, so thought she might like one of these bunnies since the reviews state how soft they are and how much children gravitate to them...as those of you who have experience with dementia know, patients become progressively child-like.  She loves it. I gave it to her on Christmas Eve and ever since she has slept with the bunny and even keeps it with her during the day. I brought her 3 year old great-grandchild to visit and she had the bunny hidden under a cover she wore while sitting on the sofa. She told me she didn't want him to see the bunny in case he might be tempted to take it from her. lol. (Not to worry, he had plenty of toys to play with while at her house.)  I'm thrilled she likes it so much. Because dementia patients often pull away when being shown affection, it's nice to see her cuddling with something, even if it is an inanimate object. I will buy another Wee in the Bunnies by the Bay series for her.
Happy kids  Perfect!
Great product  Great quality, shiping was fast, larger than I thought it'd be. Happy with my purchase.
he' so cute.  I love my Yoshi, he's so cute, and he came on  time. He's a very nicely made plushie, and has a lot of detail for a 6 inch toy.
pokemon center plush toy 6" Raikou  My grandson just had to have this even though he is a little old for stuffed toys.  I thought the price was terrible for a stuffed character, but he wanted it and the joy it brings him was well worth the price.
love  Just received this today and my kids are fight over it. It is super soft and durable
Great product!  This is sturdy, cute, and has not left our four year old grandson's side for a minute since purchasing it.
Soft and cute pretty big
Happy with the purchase  Arrived as advertised. High quality plush. Happy with the purchase.
My child loved it
This cute little guy went perfect with the book  "Jackalope" by Janet Stevens ~ our grandson loved it
Cute plush!  this is a cute bomb-omb!
Love this character!!  To be honest, I wanted to keep her a secret and take her to bed with me.  So cute!!
A nice addition  My daughter was thrilled to receive this Bernard from her Elf Elvis.  Now she can love it throughout the year and hold her Christmas magic.  Very cute pup and sweet story.
Well made and very cute
Wonderful  A+++
Great gift for a boy/girl  My son loves it. He calls him Bubby.
Great value for the price  Be patient with the shipping, it took awhile to arrive but such a cute toy! My daughter loves it. Great value for the price.
A great gift for any Pokemon lover  Very cute. A great gift for any Pokemon lover.
Cute  I got this for my nephew for his birthday.  He loves Angry Birds Star Wars and he loved this toy.  I thought it was cute, too.  It seems really well made.
Adorable plush for geek  The plush is soft and the sewing are resistante. Furthermore I had no problem with the shipment to Italy.
Soooo soft and cuddly!  We bought this for our 4 yr old son and gave it to him right before his surgery. He loved it and said it was soooo soft! He is now sleeping with it every night. :)
Good quality  This product was made very well. My son loves it. The color was nice also.
cute toy  My youngest son loves Mario. I bought this to go with his collection. So far it holds up well for the stitching hadn't come undone yet.
Its Stitch  if you or someone you know, my three year old son in this case loves Stitch its a great gift. It's a standard Disney plush. It has the Disney logo on the bottom left foot. seems well constructed it'll go along with all his other stuffed animals and get dragged around and played with.
Well Loved Sloth  Granddaughter crazy about Sloths!  She LOVED it!
She loved it
Cute for kids
very cute toy  This is such a cute plush toy. My son loved it as well! :) the size and description was very detailed and it was exactly what I was promised and received right on time.
Great unit  This small antenna pulled in more channels than I knew to look for off the air.  Installation was a breeze and hardware was of good quality.
Great tool for the money!  Great little tool for the money. The dual 3/8 and 1/4 drive makes it so I have one less tool to carry around on service calls. There are 72 teeth on the ratchet (or possibly 36 and double pawls making 72 effectively) for a smooth action. This tool has a quality feel that is well beyond the tiny price they are asking.
Soft and cute  Kid loves it
my daughter loved it  Very cute set, my daughter loved it
My daughter loved the Elmo  Perfect gift for your ill one who is in love with Elmo or Sesame Street characters. Sleeps with it every night.
fun
Just right!  Great quality, perfect toy, and has a place with my others.
fun  the plush is very soft, it's bigger than i thought it would be and the light actually lights up. the sound is loud which is good so i don't have to put it to my ear
My purchases for my grandson my grandmother passed away and she loved elephants and so I want to introduce my grandson elephants and show them how amazing they are.  I love the elephant  was a perfect along the book aPerfect story thank you and Amazon
Great product and Seller to work with.
Loved this elmo  Adorable and entertaining.. Purchased for my 9 month old and for my 2 year old niece. Both loved this elmo.
Kid was happy
grand daughter loved it.
It was a great deal
Cute  My daughter loves it.  She not only plays for hours with him; she sleeps with him as well.  Well made and so cute.
Granddaughter loved it...
My kids loved these toys!
Cute Plush Tractor  My four year old loves it. It's well made, the right size, and very soft. I bought it with hope that he would sleep with it instead of the toy John Deere tractor that he likes to. Mainly because he ends up in my bed somewhere in the middle of the night and rolling over onto that John Deere doesn't feel nice.
Cool for kids it makes noise thats not super loud. Shipped fast and on time.
Pikachu Plush  Just as expected.
Excellent!  The quality of this item pleased me very much, it wasn't torn nor ripped, and I found no stains. It shipped to me in decent time as well. I would recommend this item!
Perfect  Arrived on time and is soft! My kiddo loved it
I bought this for my cousin and she loved it. It was really hard to find where else.
Wonderful for children with that are Frozen lovers. Stimulates their imagination.
Tiggers are wonderful things.  My grand daughter (1 1/2 yrs old) loves it. She takes it to bed every night she is here.
very cute- larger than expected, but very unique stuffed animal
Very cute!!  Very cute and well made. My daughters both loved it!
Just a fun, easy toy that you cant help but like  These toys are addictive, and just so cute.  I thought my 14yo daughter was crazy for wanting one, but I talked to a Toys R Us manager and he said they were flying off the shelves and that his 20 yr old daughter got one for Christmas.
The toy is soft and velvety my boyfriends nephew loved it.
Adorbs!  Looks just like the picture. Very cute Pokemon collectors plush. The wings are beautiful (kinda  holographic)! 
thanks
Fantastic quality, don't worry about getting a sub par product.
She love it!
Perfect! High quality!
Perfect gift!
LARGE AND GOOD QUALITY.
Best "Roti-Tawa"  This is one best griddle we have ever had so far. As with other Calphalon products, this has a nice finished quality.  Let me explain the title, "Roti-Tawa". "Roti" means bread and "Tawa" is griddle. If you are from Indian sub-continent you will know it immediately. Previously we used to get similar griddles either from back-home or from one of the ethnic shops in US. Not anymore! This does the job and much better than those that we used to get.  It has the nice size for a nice size Roti, is flat and its ideal weight makes it kind'a stick to the stove while cooking "Roti".  We are very happy with this product.
Very well made.
Goofy's fun doll  Goofy is a wonderful toy for all ages big or small. It bring a small to one and all, even when their are down.  Just give them a Goofy doll and even when their are vex with you, you will just see that beautiful smile appear on their face.
These toys are gifts.
Very good  As popular as the Screaming Monkeys and Flying Pigs.  I think I made a good choice getting this stocking stuffer.
BEAUTIFUL unicorn!!! Very nice and very happy with it.
Perfect gift  My daughter loves her!
Fantastic price
Goooood
very cute
Perfect Gift  My grandson loves Barney. Perfect for the 1 year old. He loves it and will not let go of it.
great product  great fun and arrived promptly! thank you for a great product.
A favorite
Granddaughter loved it and it fits on her Groovy girl horse perfectly.
Beautiful colors  Flag is well made with vibrant fall colors.  The text on this flag is  readable on one side only but the colors are vibrant on both sides. Totally satisfied.
Very happy little girl  My daughter loves it. Very happy little girl.
Love These Guys!  the great quality and good condition and fast shipping. I highly recommend these little stuff pushes if you are a Mario collector.
Sweet plush!
The Cat in the Hat  Product arrived super fast and in excellent condition.  The stuffed animal was actually larger than I was expecting (previous comments) for $10.00.  I used it for a cake topper on my diaper cake and it was the hit of the baby shower!  And my grandson will have fun playing with it for years to come!
Cute, cuddly, and fairly realistic.  This little guy arrived quickly and was definitely adorable and realistic. He has soft fur and his arms are really longer (just like real sloths)! He's affordable and appears to be made well with durable materials. My only concern is if he gets too dirty he may need washed in a delicates bag for the wash just to be sure he doesn't stick or wrap around any other items. Very satisfied.
Grandson loves it
Perfect gift.  Really soft.  This was the perfect gift for a 2 year old.
Just a day Later  This is a cute doll and is exactly what I was hoping for! My One year old daughter loves it! The item did arrive a day later than expected but that didn't get me in a bother since I was able to track the package. It was promptly packaged and sent out but slowly delivered, as far as the tracker indicated. Would buy again from this seller.
my friend loves mario  I know that it is kind of weird to have friends who LOVE Mario but I have one. As a joke a saw this and sent it to him. When he opened the package he was kind of freaked out until he saw it was a Boo. Then I guess you could say he jumped for joy. The tongue is very longue and can be rolled back into the mouth, we aren't sure if that is what is supposed to happen or not... Anyways the Boo is fun and pretty cheep, and for me it was a good present.
Good horse  Very cute and soft horse.
Work of Art  Perfect quality material, not cheaply made that's for sure. For the price it was worth seeing a smile on a very happy Fairy Tail fan. The armor is very nicely detailed, and the face and hair are so spot on, so you know exactly who you are holding in your hand the moment she arrives. Beautiful work of art.
So cutesy
Awesome Bonnie Toy  My son loves this! Personally, I was quite impressed with the quality. It's super soft and has some heft to it. Well made and one of my son's favorite Five Nights At Freddy's toys.
Gund quality
Mario stuffed characters  Ordered for my grandson, as a reward for well done school work. He loves it and sleeps with this. If he's happy, I'm happy.
Item just as described with fast shipping!
Super soft!!!!!  This monsters inc plush is super soft and very good quality!! It is made by Disney, so of course it is very quality. Definitely a must have for any Monsters fan!
This is my 10 year old son's favorite plush. Makes a great gift  A must have for any Minecraft fan.  This is my 10 year old son's favorite plush.  Makes a great gift.
This Plush is cute and full quality  This is a gift to my daughter, She loves, She go to the bed every night with this Plush :)  Delivery was so fast. Material is excellent. I'm gonna buy one for me
My grandson love  My grandson love it
Great quality!  Nice color. The stitching for the eyes and red dot is perfect. The ears and tail stand up. It stands up without falling over. It's a nice size. Very well made.
The only thing my Cichlid will eat. :)  This is excellent food. I have a Florida Mayan Cichlid and he loves this food!! I never let myself run out. I spoil him..I would recommend this food if you have Cichlids. :)
Genius gift for true art aficionados.  I bought this for my mom as a gift for Mother's Day. She is an artist and Van Gogh is her all time favorite. She absolutely adores it.  Seriously - she couldn't stop laughing that the ear comes off!! ...brilliant!  :)
They are cute and my son loves them!
Kirby' s Adorable Plush Doll  This is one of the best of the Kirby doll's.  Both my granddaughter and grandson (8 and 11) have collected these popular Nintendo characters.  Well made.
Can't get through winter without it!!  Before I found this lotion, I had dry itchy skin all winter.  I hated regular lotions that meant waiting for them to dry so that I could get dressed.  This is the perfect solution!  Now I use this every day.  No more standing and freezing while I wait for lotion to dry.  I'm ready to dress as soon as I dry off after a shower.  My skin feels great too!
Baby loves it  Was alittle smaller than I thought and I wish u could throw it in the washer but, it's nice and soft,the bell is a nice mellow ring and the best thing is that the bb loves it
adorable and perfect size  Got it for a little girl for her birthday and it was her favorite gift in the whole pile!!  She held it like a baby (it's the perfect size imo)
Eveelution  my sister fell in love with this. I'm glad I didn't pass this up!
The Perfect Domo!  This Domo stuffed toy is awesome! At ten inches tall, he is just the right size. Domo is made in very good quality. The stitching is also very well done.  Highly recommended to collectors or anyone who just wants a Domo friend!
Arrived as described.  Item arrived as described. I had purchased one of these locally and then they no longer stocked them. Works great for the smaller DPNs...holds tight. Make sure you have a good grip on the needles when you remove these or...out comes the needles with the protectors. I found that out from experience! If you are looking for a DPN protector/holder that has a good grip, this is it!
If You're Happy And You Know It, Hug A Ciel Cow Plush  Ciel looks so nice and sweet! His hair is really soft and the cow cosplay is so adorable on him. His tail looks a little weak though, like it might just fall off.
Cousin thought he was the cutest gift ever.
Great quality and came exactly as described  My son loves this Mario Bros plush! Great quality and came exactly as described. I have ordered several from this company and will continue to do so.
My kids love it!
very cute and soft  soft and snugglely for my 2 year nephew.  Got an eeyore video to go with it.  He loved both !
Nice
Great deal!  Slightly smaller than expected,  but great quality and very cute. Arrived quickly.
Polly want a cracker?..
Well Made and Durable  My daughter loves this toy as much as she loves the Angry Birds' games! It is well made and durable, and perfect for young children.
he looks just like himself in the game  he is so minecraftlike.  he looks just like himself in the game.  well made, soft.  will be sitting on top bunk as decoration, but I'm sure  he will get his share of wear, too.  good for the price
Cute
My grandson Oliver loves it.
Just as described.  Shipping was reasonably fast.  Very soft and a hit with my 8yo.
Very cute and soft  Soft and cuddly.  Very cute.  Does shed and the Velcro on the hands is pretty much worthless.  I will be replacing it with better Velcro and adding some to the feet.  Nice long arms.
Cute.  My grandson loved it - he is a big Star Wars fan.  It was for his birthday -
It's good
My kid's favorite stuffed animal  My child is never without this. Very solidly built, great quality stitching and fabric. Should last a long time.
Perfect
Very customer friendly and quick reply.
Awesome  I love this so much. His is so soft and adorable. I would recommend this to anyone who loves anime.
Soft, lovable, and charming!
The head on this thing swivels! I had no idea when I bought it, and my toddler loves it.
great find  my 5year old loves this toy!!! apparently so do the grown ups and teenagers around. hes just a fun toy to play with. cant comment on the app though, it won't play but I think its my android device not the furbys fault
Great quality for a great price!
good
An absolute delight for my granddaughter. She loves buckles
GREAT  Came right on time for Chirstmas, and my niece loved it. I wish u would make more of the stuff loma
Cool guy
big hit!  Order was delivered earlier than scheduled, so we had it on time for the birthday party we needed it for.  Purchased as a present for an 11 year old boy who loves Pokemon so much his nickname is "Snorlax."  He absolutely loved the doll, it was a huge hit.
good, quick delivery.
Cute as can be!  Plushy soft!
Perfect gift for the person who has everything,..everything, except their gallbladder.  This plush gallbladder made a fun gift for a friend who was recovering from...you guessed it. Gallbladder surgery.
Made a unicorn lover very happy  I have a granddaughter who was abused when she was 4 months old. Doctors didn't expect her to live and then said she'd never walk and talk because of her brain injury. She a miracle and surprised us all when at Thanksgiving we went around the table and said what we're thankfull for. When it was her turn she yelled unicorns.  We don't know where unicorns came from, but she's been obsessed with them ever since.  Kyra wants unicorns for everything now, and she loves this Waliki stuffed unicorn.  The unicorn is 12 inches, so it's small, but it's perfect for snuggling and carrying around. It's so cute.  The eyes are uneven and it makes the unicorn even more enduring.  The mouth is smiling with its teeth, made of felt, showing. The unicorn is white with fuzzy pink tail and mane, which are soft and full. The pink saddle can come off and is held on by Velcro.  All the stitching is done very well. There are not any loose threads and the filling is soft and plush.  The product description says this is recommended for 3-4 year olds, but my older granddaughters like this too!  Kyra is so happy with her new unicorn, sure named it Uni. When Kyra is happy grandma is happy!  I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT FOR FREE FOR MY HONEST AND UNBIASED REVIEW
Bailey is cute!  Daughter loves it!
try to peel my 6yo away from it. not a chance
Great Buy!  Easy to purchase and received it within a few days! My sister is obsessed with Boo so it was the best gift for her.
Good quality, my boy loves it !
Perfect doll for a 2 yr old toddler  A beautiful soft, cuddly Anna doll that is perfect for my 2 yr.old granddaughter. She loves it!!
LOVE IT! Its huge and actually from the Disney store. My son is 6 months old and obsessed with Dory. So worth the money!!!
Great toy to learn buckles and colors!  My 16 month old LOVES this toy.  Will keep her busy for many months to come!
Great  My son was so happy with this he now wants to collect them all. He sleeps with it every night.
Exactly what I expected  I've never seen a more happy child when this came out of the box. Its a good size for my 3yr old to hold onto and walk around though slightly too large for her to tuck under her arm. It looks just like the game companion cube. It feels like a fleece fabric which I wasn't expecting but I don't mind. Its a good solid durable thick feeling fleece and the cube is overstuffed giving it weight just like a real weighted companion cube. Its exactly the size I was hoping for though. I can't wait to surprise my son with it at his Portal Halloween party! And remember, the cake is a lie.
Wonderful Teething Toy  This is one of my sons favorite toys right now. We've had it for about a month and Its still in the top 5. Its shaped very well for those chubby little hands, after a few tries he can bring it to his mouth himself. I love the fact that its ALL organic cotton, Inside, outside and even the packing tie that holds it to its carbon based packaging. Its held up well through at least a dozen washes. Always in HOT water with completely natural laundry soap. It also only takes about 15 extra minutes to get completely dry. It's great relief to know my son isn't sucking down nasty chemicals from all those polyester filled toys.
Perfect!  Large bear, very plush and super cute!
love the doll
Very good quality for a great price  This product looked "ok" in the pictures provided, but I was pleasantly surprised at the quality when it arrived. The stitching is even and strong, and the fur is soft. Compared to other similar items, this one looks like it will stand up to wear and tear better than most.
Made her smile
This doll is absolutely adorable! I love the quality and the price  This doll is absolutely adorable!  I love the quality and the price.  A perfect soft and cuddly gift for my 3-year-old Granddaughter.
Exactly as described and arrived on time!
Great toy for fun & practicing motor skills!  This was a big hit for my 2 year old twins this Christmas!  They love to buckle things and this was the perfect gift!
My daughter loves Rocket
I love this line! They're very unique ragdolls and perfect for all ages.
Small, not cuddly, but must-have for Bad Kitty books  Must have for kids that are into Bad Kitty books. It's small and not so cuddly but then so is Bad Kitty. The books were a big hit but throwing this in really drove it home. It's a constant reminder to keep reading!
One of the best plush characters I've seen  This is one of the better representations I've ever seen for a plush of a character.  Both are very well done, with great quality materials.  Stitching is excellent, no bad threads and no bad seams.  They ship with Squirt attached to Crush with those little plastic lines that you have to cut.  At first I had thought it was maybe some little Velcro or something holding them together, which I actually would've liked since that way Squirt could ride on his dad's back, but no such luck.  Still, this is a fantastic looking set, great size, well built.
Right Size for Little One  So, we have a 4-yr.-old dancer who loves mice. She loves it, sleeps with it, and even took it to school for show-and-tell. It is just the right size for a little one.
Hours of fun. Can catch a variety  Hours of fun.  Can catch a variety, from bugs to lizards.
Cute Dragon  Very cute dragon,  he is small though!
My granddaughter loves this set.
One year old son LOVES it!  We ordered this for our son's 1st birthday. He immediately loved it and walked around the house with it grinning from ear to ear.  One thing I like...Elmo's tush is filled with a small portion of bean bag type material so he can sit up on his own.  Overall, very soft and a hit with my son!
my 6 year old just loves this beautiful Sloth
6 year old loves this
Too Cute  I love the book "Horton Hears a How" and I wanted to be able to share this love with my grandson. Now I can read to him with a little Horton of his own. Perfect size for a little one.  Highly Rcommend!
Cute toy  My Grandaughter LOVES this.  The books are cute and a good story about dealing with life as a Toddler.  Even though the description stated how big it is, it is smaller than expected.  However, it is the right size for a 20 month old to carry around and take to bed with her :-)
WOW  I've been collecting the Super Mario Bros. San-ei plush figures for a while now, and I can say without a doubt that Lemmy is now my absolute favorite of those I've collected. Every last detail on Lemmy himself is perfect from the stripes on the left side of his head, to his orange spiked shell, to his pony tail in the back. His wand is a bit cheap looking, but the rest of him is so perfect, I don't notice it too much. He is by far one of the cutest characters they've released. He's so adorable, it almost hurts! That being said, you should be aware that though the size listed is correct, this plush is most likely going to be smaller than you expect. This shouldn't be too surprising, as Lemmy is the smallest of the Koopalings. (and compared to my 12" Bowser figure, he scales perfectly.) The price, in my opinion, is a bit steep for such a small figure, and I bit my tongue as I ordered him. This stinks since there are six more Koopalings to collect. OUCH. However, I really, really, really adore this plush and I think if you or the person you're buying this for is as big a Mario fan as myself, you will love him too.
Daughter loves it!
Purchased 4 wolves: Atka, Nat & Jules, Tyson, & Ashes 8" for my Nieces and Nephews.  They were purchased as a group birthday party gift for ages 2 years to 11 years old.  They all loved playing 'Wolf Pack' together with their new stuffed animals & they continue to do so.
Paddy's Day and she LOVED IT! Absolutely darling  Gave this to my 84 year old aunt for St. Paddy's Day and she LOVED IT!  Absolutely darling....you won't be disappointed.
super cute  super cute and super adorable worth the wait. It is very small.
She is adorable, and her voice is perfect  She is adorable, and her voice is perfect. She's a good size, not a tiny little thing, and she's very well made. I can see her lasting for quite some time.
My son's favorite little toy.
Putting the Pocket in Pokemon  This small guy for the price was pretty good. Loved the chibi look the feel and the face. I bought this for around 8 w/ the free shipping for $25+ so for me it was a good deal. Only real thing you should worry about is the head as the size makes it front heavy and prone to tipping forward. Quality looks fine.
:)
Very nice plushie  So, I bought this for my boyfriend who loves Pokmon and he went insane. Vaporeon is his favorite Pokmon, so as a plushie collector, he loved it. The quality is very good but the tail is bent and attached to the side of the body with a little string. He cut the little string and the tail was pretty much straight. This is a great buy for any vaporeon lover, or plushie collector
It's cute. 3 yr old loves it.  It's cute.  3 yr old loves it.
Cute. I can't imagine anyone not liking it. soft & floppy.
Rating  I HAVE SENT THIS TO MANY OF MY FAMILY MEMBERS. WE ALL LAUGH AND LAUGH,LAUGH AND LAUGH BRIGHTENS ALL OF OUR MOODS
Kept toddler busy !!  My 2 year old LOVED it !!! Great toy worth the money
Our son thiks he's a real little hunter with this on his wall !
Cutest little cute cute, ever!
So cute!
she liked
Awesome  Love everything about this little guy. Bought it as an accessory for my Halloween costume. Can't wait to show him off!
Super soft! Excellent quality  Super soft! Excellent quality! My 3 year old daughter loves this Woody! It's a great size so she sleeps with it and carries it around everywhere with her. I am planning on buying the Jesse plush doll and Bullseye too.
Great quality.  I used this to make a baby shower gift with my Cricut. It was a hit! Great quality.
Perfect toy for tag lovers  This was for my nephew, 11 months old. Perfect size and he loves the tags! Great for little hands. Soft and sweet.
Remarkable Craftmanship  The Chupacabra is a folklore creature of my country, and the source of much humor.  With that in mind, I decided to purchase the Toy Vault Chupacabra.  The quality of the toy is remarkable, I would say true to the folklore and crafted with great care.
exceptional learning toy  For our 19 month little girl who loves playing and connecting buckles on everything from her changing table, high chair, car seat, etc..., this was the perfect gift for her.  She really loves it.  I don't get it but it's great.  And it is actually a great learning toy for children.
and of good quality.  They are so cute, and of good quality.
Proud Granny  I got this doll for my granddaughter for Christmas and one for my sister's granddaughter. I think it's alittle big for her but will make an adorable playmate for a tea party. She looks well made. I also got the Lily doll with this one but I wish I had gotten another one of this Rubi doll because she is our favorite. She looks like she is your best friend listening to everything you say. Well worth the money.
Perfect size for my toddler  Perfect size for my toddler. She loves to carry him around. A good replica of the cartoon Flynn Ryder
Talk to me while trapped inside with cabin fever.
cute easter basket addition. as expected
Great
great fun! great prop and informative
This is a great novelty toy that can be kept as a collectible or used for a costume!! It was shipped out quickly and looks just like the picture!
Great!  Well made, my son loves it.
Kids love it  Kids Love it!
Happy with purchase  Satisfied with doll. Words clearly understood. Perfect size for my grandbaby.
Love it
its what i want the size is really good
My son loves it
My daughter was thrilled!
Great quality, even the packaging is good quality. My son was very happy with his Freddie.
It's pretty cute  Nicely crafted and has plenty of detail. Isn't as squishy as I thought it would be but hey; oh well.
Adorable !  So cute !!! Quick delivery !
My 7 year old loves it
Very happy! Love them!
This was a BIG hit.  Soft and cuddly
Awesome little guy !! Great quality, exactly what I had hoped for !! ... Bwa Bwa 
Elmo  My 2 1/2 yrs old grandson loves it, he is always kissing it..
Perfect Addition for any shark lover.  This shark is huge bigger than my 1st grader - it is soft and perfect for that little shark lover in the family.
big hit
Gnomes, gnomes, gnomes...  Love it--have a plethora of gnomes for the Christmas tree this year, and they are just wonderful!!
Daughter loves it.
Thought it would be a little bigger but awesome overall  I thought the Mario Plush would be a little bigger but that's my fault for not reading on how big it is. This is made from very good quality material and is very detailed. Well worth the price.
Good product!  Entertaining for my 16-month old. Helps develop their motor skills.
She loved it and arrived  Got it for my girlfriend. She loved it and arrived quickly
Satisfied Customer  I love this, the material and the size is very nice and durable to.
Fantastic!  Fantastic! This was a special gift to re-unite my wife with her childhood friend that was lost in a home fire when she was a young adult. This is fabulous and was perfect in every way!
its perfect
A very comfort pal  According to my friend Yashi. This bear is worth the investment in her happiness and her fellow plush friends
Exactly as described, much better and less expensive than the ones I've seen in stores.
Cute idea for future hunters.  A little smaller than expected bur a good sturdy product!
Unbelievably cute!  It's little, maybe smaller than you expect, but absolutely the cutest thing you ever saw. I got a couple of these Giant Microbes and have found them addictive. The more you see, the more you want. They are quality produced and incredibly cute.
Great product! My son loved it.
Satified customer  I was very pleased with this item. It was worth the price because of it's size. My 3 yr. old granddaughter will love it.
Super Cute Freud  This doll is so cute! I have it at my desk and I just love it. My only complaint is that his glasses don't stay up very well. Perfect for any psychology fan!! The Unemployed Philosophers Guild also has  TON more dolls on their site, and I want them all!
great quality, packaged well  As pictured,  great quality,  packaged well,  arrived on time and my daughter loves it!
THE BEST !!!  LOVED EVERYTHING About it, met my expectations as It was a gift for my grandson !  It was all it said it would be !!!
Mom  Mom3 year old son loves Mario!! For Christmas he wanted all the stuffed Mario toys.  He loves this toy.  It is very durable and I would recommend it.
Great percy..  Cool size and cost.  Son loves it
when I bought this Elmo for my daughter 21 years ago I never imagined the faithful companion he would be for her. This Xmas I searched and searched for the sane Elmo with the hard plastic eyes not the fabric eyes.  Well this was it.  She was so elated at 21 years of age to open this present and find Elmo.  Thank you
I had no idea about this Dragon  I didn't see the show about this dragon so I had no clue what to expect, when it arrived I opened it, it did have teeth which confused me but Grandaughter was excited when she opened it. It's just your average stuffed animal quality....Shipping was fast.
I love this plush  I love this plush! The details are nice and it's so adorable. Make sure you buy it from an authentic seller.
Just loved it!  Purchased this for my granddaughter who absolutely loves Dora the Explorer. Her eyes opened wide the minute she saw it and wouldn't let go of her. She loves it!
Great Pokemon starter  I couldn't have asked for a better toy. I got it for my niece and she loves it. She never leaves home without it. Its like she picked her first Pokemon and is off to her adventure.
Donald  The item was exactly what I expected and it arrived on time like stated. My granddaughter will really love it.
Reasonably priced and great for any Mario Princess fan!  This is a very cute doll and my grand-daughter loves it because she loves all of the Mario princess characters!  We bought this doll because it was reasonably priced compared to many other Mario plushes.  The doll is a bit smaller than we anticipated, but my grand-daughter loves it nonetheless.  I would definitely buy more of these types of Mario Princess plushes if they were around the same price.
adorable. looks exactly like the picture  adorable.  looks exactly like the picture, not some cheap knock off.  my son and I love him
Adorable lil' beast  And now I happily welcome Evander the Filthspawn with open arms! He arrived when Amazon said he would.  He is very squishy and i love his tail! BUT HIS FEET THO... So coot! His hands are stitched to his belly, but I'm about to free them   I totally brought him to work haha.. Unfortunately he doesn't speak English so he can't assist me  haha!
It was better than the picture
she love it.  It's gift, she love it.
Satisfied by my purchase for sure  SO SO SO SOOOO Cute!!! Satisfied by my purchase for sure.
Mom of a mario lover  This little guy is just like pictured and very durable not flimsy, perfect for the mario lovers in your family
really well made, my 1.5 year old loves it.
Love it! Fits a change of clothes a few Diapers and well made
This is a great plush Krypto for the people who couldn't make it to SDCC! It is about 6 inches tall, in case you're wondering.
Boyfriend loves it  My boyfriend loves this. He loves Blastoise and he thought this was really cute.
great!  My baby boy loves it! I think the voice is a bit scary, but he likes it!
Thanks
Great dealer  My boy loved his new mickey mouse toy. Very good dealer, would happily deal with this supplier for any other needs
awesome
Perfect gift and size plush  My nephew loves Mario! Perfect gift and size plush! Thanks!
Super cute, my lo loved it!
Best toys ever my Daughter absolutely loves them! Great deal too!!!
Great Perry!  Bought this for a present for our grown daughter.  Nicely made and a great gift.
Cute bunny  I had just watched the DVD "Miss Potter" and got enthused with the Beatrix Potter books. I bought the boxed set of books and then decided to buy this bunny. He was too cute to pass up. My grandson will love him. He looks well made.  The packaging shows off the toy well. I'd buy it again.
Cutest lil toad ever!!
Excellent  I bought this as a birthday present for my mom and was amazing with how quickly it got here (just 3 or 4 days at most). It was exactly as advertised. Definitely worth the price for any Gremlins fans.
Nice  My daughter loves it. I'm glad it doesn't look generic.
Love love love!  My 2 year old grandson loves his new pig family! I love them too, they are so soft and well made. Washable too. So glad I picked this company. Highly recommend.
Perfect gift for my 2 nephews  My 2 nephews are a huge fan of the Mario brothers. I bought these for their birthday. This was the perfect gift for them. They loved them! They are also easy to wash.
Boo For Our Grandson "Boo"  Our grandson's nickname is Boo, so we couldn't go wrong with this cute, little fella.
Wow bigger then I thought I love mah kaito plush
Love it so much I ordered 2 more for the grandson's plus the 10 inch!  Super soft
Favorite Christmas item for my grandson.....packs it with him everywhere!
Prefect size for what I wanted!
Great item!  Great plush doll. My son loves it! It came on time. I think it's worth the price.
You have to love monkeying around ---  I had so much fun playing with this monkey, I kept it for myself and bought another one as a gift to a little girl.
Daughter's favorite toy  This is my daughter's favorite toy. We have only had him for a few months, but he's been through the wash three times and he's still holding up great. His fur is still soft and isn't pulling out. I love that he has sewn on eyes so that I don't have to worry about my 2 year old pulling them off.
Very awesome!
My cousin loved the plushie!!!.it came well wrapped and described!!
Love love!!  Perfect toy for car rides. Not only does my daughter love buckling over and over again, but then she snuggles it as well. Super cute, worth the price.
My 21 month loves his take along Elmo, and yes he takes it every where we go.
Great product, exactly what I expected.
Perfect they looked the size they are
I give each of my students one of these because we have a real Puggle in the classroom!
Unique Webkinz  I like this Webkinz as it is so unique. And I love the holiday colors. Great addtion to my collection.
Perfect gift  Love! Very soft and perfect for the kids. Arrived on time as expected. Highly recommend!
love it
AMAZING! Didn't like the high price tag but the doll itself is so much better then the cheaper versions. Well made and soft! My daughter LOVES IT! Glad I made the purchase
Before these slippers my husband avoided most obstacles in his path, now he crushes everything in his way, I'm just thankful summer is coming and the animals are still safe.
My daughter loved it!  Very cute, just as expected. My daughter loved it!
Very cute!
excellent
cute guy!  cook hammerhead shark, beautiful construction, soft and plush!
Love them !! They are a great size. I don't think the orange one came with it.
Its a great toy!
great!  awesome price great size! my son loves this plush toy. its played with everyday. color and quality is great! def worth the money
Disk Holder/ catalog  This product was available in our area about 6 months ago, but no longer available now.  It's the best way to catalog our collection of movies and be able to put our hands on them in a moments notice. Thanks to you, Amazon&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/FELLOWES-90684-120-Hanging-CD-DVD-Drawer/dp/B0001VQEXK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">FELLOWES 90684 120 Hanging CD/DVD Drawer</a>
Yeah mega evolution!  Was worried the wings and tail might get bent from shipping, this was not the case. Arrived fast and wasn't stuffed into a small box. Material is nice and it feels well made. The stuffing is stiff and feels solid giving it a full appearance.
Perfect size and very cute!
a very cool toy, our daughter loves it.
Terriffic!
Nice quality! My two year old loves it  Nice quality! My two year old loves it! It sings one song and has multiple settings, it can play longer or shorter or not at all.
Get in the van Caillou!  Oh Caillou you crazy party animal. He's been up with sick puking kids, cross country drives, spent the night in sandboxes, covered in leaking sippy cup disasters and he's still going! I regularly throw him in the washer. He's held up fine.
Great product  I bought these dolls for my niece. Both dolls are so cute my niece really loves the set.  Thank You!
Yo Gabba Gabba buddies are a hit!  My neighbor just turned two, and he's obsessed with Yo Gabba Gabba.  He was so excited when he got these, he didn't know what to do with himself.  He sleeps with them every night.  They're cute, small enough to fit into a 2 year old's arms/hands, but big enough to feel like you actually bought something decent.  They're super cute.
Perfect for my son.
Really nice! Can't wait to give it to my visiting  Really nice!  Can't wait to give it to my visiting granddaughter
Very good plush  Aside from the too fins being crocked due to shipping, and the tail fin also slightly bent (no cardboard to keep shape, and I'm happy about that), the plush is great. Very soft, and a great addition to my collection.
Great OutDoor Speaker  This is a great speaker. I Set it outside around the pool and it works great. I hook the transmitter to the computer inside, & this gives you endless possibilities of sirius online, xm, slacker.com, then dock your IPod to the transmitter and you can control your Ipod from the Patio or Pool. I was blown away, this is the coolest toy I've had in awhile, even works great indoors if you want to put music or even TV sound by your favorite chair.
Highly recommend !!  These dolls are really nice & at a great value. Saw them somewhere else for double the price. Looks so much bigger in person. So excited when they came out of the package.
Machine Washable!  Patrol Plush Animals are the favorite toys at Nana and Pappa's house!
I ordered this on September 28th and got it today, October 3rd, two days earlier than expected! The plush is very stuffed, not flimsy, and seems to have no problems from what I've seen. It is about the size of my whole hand and is a good size for holding. Sadly it does not have the psychic organs like some have said, (At least I don't think it does, the ears are stitched down and I do not wish to cut them) but that's not much of a problem. Overall great quality, very cute and creepy !!
Stitch is adorable  Love the little Stitch Tsum Tsum.  Stitch is one of my favorite Disney characters.  This toy is well made and adorable.
I love my companion cube  I love my companion cube. I have had it for almost five years now, and I have no regrets in purchasing it.  Pros: Good size Keeps me company  Cons: None that I have found.
The fabric is incredibly soft. He is even cuter than the picture.
Son loved it! Thx!
Mr. Grouper is Loved!  Mr. Grouper was all that we were expecting.  My grandson loves him, and he's only 9 months old! The stuffed Mr. Grouper is soft, his outer material is soft, smooth and it seems to be made of good quality. I think he will last for many many years to come!
and looks better in real life than the picture shows  Very soft, and looks better in real life than the picture shows.
Worked as advertised.
Great quality and fun toy..
Great for motor  skills  My daughter is 1 year 5 months old and she LOVES it. She can spend 20-30 minutes playing with it (which in baby time is like hours haha). Great product.
So cute and fluffy, I want my own  Came in the mail and boy, was I surprised. This plush is very well constructed and with really nice material. No wonder, as it is Authentic Disney merchandise.  Just looking at it as I was wrapping it up for Christmas,  I was getting jealous. Now I'll have to get one just for me.
Kohl's Curious George Doll Match!  My daughter fell in love with her Curious George plush doll from Kohl's. It was a Christmas present and once the holiday had come and gone, the doll was off the shelf at Kohl's. My daughter sleeps with the doll every night, it's her comfort item. I wanted to have a second doll just in case something happened to the first. (I learned my lesson with daughter #1) Thank you Amazon for having the same exact doll available. It was twice the original price - $10 or so instead of the original $5 but so worth it.
Love it  Wonderful item,fast shipping.
He loved getting it for Christmas  An asked for gift from a six year old boy. He loved getting it for Christmas, and held all evening after the family opened gifts.
Great Quality!  If you're looking to collect a lot of these plushes, I would definitely recommend the Sanei brand. They are a little smaller than the TOMY brand but the quality is just as good if not better. All the details are accurate and the material is so soft! My son already has a TOMY brand Pikachu but I'm thinking now that I'll probably buy him a Sanei one to match. In the picture, I put his four Sanei brand plushes next to two (old) TOMY brand ones so you can see the size difference.
Stitch  My son loves it sits up by itself and is very soft so if your kids like kilo and stitch this the best one for them to have sit next to them while they watch the movies and not horribly expensive
Gund Boo - World's Cutest Dog from Gund 9 in  This was sent as a gift to a dear little one along with Aurora's Plush Pamy Flopsie and the little one just loves both.
5 Stars. A+. Many Thanks! :D
Great  Lol so cute I love Groot I am Groot I love it.
My kids love these!  Cute little pokemons - what else is there to say.  The kids love them :) My 8yo used his own money to order these and he is very pleased with his purchase.
Big hit with Grandson!  Grandson is a Minecraft fan and hinted around for months that he wanted this....even though he's approaching the "leave stuffed animals behind" age. Got it for his birthday, and when he opened the package -- what a smile. Ear to ear. He's even sleeping with it. Not sure I get the whole Minecraft thing, but this plush spider is very cute.
quick to ship  perfect gift
Adorable and perfect!
Very pleased  Great job, well colored and well worked.  We are pleased
Olaf Love <3!  So adorable! My Granddaughter loved it! A must-have for the Frozen collection.
GoodBarney toy for todler  Worth the money.  Grandson loved it.
e  Came as promised and my daughter loves it...she can't sleep without Elmo.
Cute - and comfortable - exactly what was expected.
i love this plush
Adorable! My fave sailor scout is so cute
Cute, cozy, sweet toy  We love it...soft & adorable as you'd expect & hope. As most babies out 15 month old is in love wtih Bubble Guppies. We can't wait for her to see this on Christmas morning.
very nice
Cool  Bought 2 for my grandsons for their Minecraft room.
Exactly what you expect  It's exactly what I expected. It was a good quality for a good price and most importantly the girlfriend loved it.
Perfect Companion to Tickle me Elmo  Great toy, I got it for $8 last Christmas and it was well worth every penney.
Just what I ordered.  Came just as shown. Doesn't look like it's going to fall apart. The sizing is really good, too. It seems to be made out of a heavier felt, so it's still soft and plushie but it doesn't look like it's going to fall apart in seconds.
Soft and cuddly! just do a once-over for un-cut stitch ends.  This is the cutest little ball of evil ever! Just do a quick survey for long, un-cut finished ends of stitches.  They used some kind of fishing line-like stuff for the stitching, and a few ends weren't closely trimmed.  It makes for quite the unpleasant surprise whilst in the midst of cuddling.  Once you take care of those few stragglers though it's great!
My son loves this Pichu!  My son is 7 and just now into Pokemon and was looking for this particular character and wanted him bad enough he paid for it himself and he LOVES it. It's as is in the picture, and I feel is more vibrant. Came packaged well and would recommend.
Good quality and cute  This Cat in the Hat plush is good quality and soft. I was hesitant to buy a stuffed animal I couldn't check out in person first, but I am happy with it. It is as close to the shape of the actual character in the book as a fuzzy soft thing can be.
So cute!  The product is so cute. I have a weak spot for plushies and this was a bit of an impulse buy, and even with that, I don't regret my purchase. Seems very well made and matches the listing's images completely. Very good buy! Great price too!
Wonderful learning toy!  My 1.5 year absolutely loves this toy! She plays with it several times every day and she learned to do the buckles so quickly! I have recommended this to several people and will continue to!
Easy for small hands to play with  Im from a military family, so this goes over well with the grandparents. We have started a collection of planes and spaceships for my son to play with. He loves it. Easy for small hands to play with. Soft and I would recommend it.
Worth the wait  It ships from China, so it took 17 days to receive it, but it's great. 8" tall,the fur is very soft, and the face is very sad. We love it and would recommend to anyone.
baby loves Genie  We love Genie. I got it for my baby. He loves Aladdin. He'll just sit and watch the whole movie. I got him his Genie, they sit together and watch it. The baby twists the hair around his finger. It's so cute.
she will love this so much  I got this in the mail yesterday for my granddaughters Birthday, she will love this so much.
Great socking stufferst
ADORABLE!  My friend bought this exact plush for me off amazon, and I absolutely love it!! It's head is rather large and it doesn't stand up by itself, but it's big and cuddly! It's very soft and well made, I was surprised the fin on his head stood up perfectly. This is great for any and all Mudkip fans! It's cheaper and bigger than other Mudkip plushies out there. I can't let go of it!! *hugs*
Cheap but adorable!  This is the cutest toy ever from the Fantasia set! I am rather disapointed in the cheap feel of it, but Disney seems to be more concerned with making money than quality of merch. these days. Overall he is adorable and a great price! He looks just like the movie character and is definately a must have for your disney collection!
My grandson absolutely loved this!
Perfect for travel, 17mo old  I preferred some of the other characters but chose this guy as airplane entertainment for my 17mo old. It was a perfect size and kept him busy for more than one 15 minute stretch! The clip variety offered him routes for success and challenge. The color matching to ensure proper mating was also great!
In the pink  I bought this for my grandson who loves  pink panther.
Batteries last  Every child should have one.
Adora SnuggleTime doll is a good one!  The Adora Snuggle Time Plush Doll is a great toy for infants as well as young girls. The doll is wearing a pretty pink dress and hat and has an all around cute appearance.  The plus factors are many. The doll is handmade of soft material that can be hugged and sqeezed and it is machine washable. There are safety measures as well. The eyes are painted on, so there is nothing a child can remove that would be a danger. Also, the buttons on the dress are tiny pieces of cloth that are stitched on, as is the collar.  The one negative would be that the head is plastic although it is not very hard and bends with pressure.
perfect for my 2 year old
Kamek  Great order. We love this product. Cute little dude. The look on my son's face was priceless. He has almost all characters from the Mario series ... great addition to his collection.
Love this elephant. So cute.
Such a perfect plush toy.
Excellent toy!
Perfect present  Came sooner than expected.  This was a gift and the little girl loved it.  It is the perfect size for a child to cuddle with.
My son is just barely two and loves this toy! It's still a challenge yet doable at the same time. We keep this in the car only, for long rides to keep him busy.
Cute plush doll  Can't get Elsa without Anna. Great detail on the outfit.
good toy
My grandson loved holding the squirrel while we read Squirrel Nutkin stories. He too it to sleep with!
Exactly what we expected
the person that got this for Christmas loved it.
Love  Super soft and a great size for cuddling.  My son loves his "big blue" to sleep with every night.  He's great.
I bought this for my nephew and loved it so much I ordered myself one  I bought this for my nephew and loved it so much I ordered myself one. He is so fluffy!
Very good  It's better than I thought it would be very soft and my son loves it so does my nephew they fight over for it all the time
looks even better than the picture  My baby loves this! Perfect for teething babys!
my granddaughter loved this!  The size of it amazed her!
My daughter sleeps with this every night. She's obsessed with blobfishes. She named it Mr Blobby. He only says one word "blob", but it's very expressive.
Love it  Just as beautiful as I thought she would be. She now holds a place of honor on my bed.
My favorite plush toy  This item is by far the best item that I have purchased for my daughter. This is an fantastic item. My daughter is very very happy with this Charizard
Perfect toy for keeping my 16 month old busy for a bit. She loves playing with clasps, so this is awesome for us! I'm hoping it'll keep her entertained on our upcoming road trip!
Great Toy  I love this little toy! I bought two--the cow and the pig for my two girls. They are so cute. My almost two year old hugs and kisses her little cow and my six month old loves the rattle inside. The packaging says all organic, but it is made in China. I would buy this again or for a gift.
Very cute and well made
Cute Plush  This plush is the new sailor venus plush by GE. The only problem I had with this plush is that the red bow is kind of small, I thought the red bow will be big enough to see when you face Venus, but still very cute to look at. I might get Sailor Moon and Sailor Mars, because I'm very pleased with this plush.
Adorable!
Cute.  Cute. Brings back childhood memories.
big ol ilaf  Love it as said on the page.
This was a very high quality plush.
We love Groovy Girl dolls!  My 6 year old already had a Groovy girl doll- Princess Isabella and wanted Amelia. I am so impressed with these dolls. They are so pretty and the colors of are so vibrant. All I can say is we will be buying more in the future. My 6 year old and my 20 month old both love them. A big hit in our house!
Good quality exactly what I was looking for for my son.
Adorable  Fits in the palm of the hand as pictured. Very adorable and soft. I love it.
Durable, high-quality, and SIZED FOR ADULTS!  I bought this puppet for use at an audition (and hopefully as a rehearsal prop!) for a local production of an adult puppet-based musical. It can be tough to find puppets that are well made (yet not ridiculously expensive!) and that are sized for adult hands, which I have learned is critical in order to avoid hurting yourself when trying to be "expressive" when the puppet talks and sings.  This one fits the bill beautifully. I was a bit worried when it arrived in a rather flat shipping box, but as soon as I removed it, the puppet popped into shape and the fur was easy to fluff up. The mouth has plenty of room for a large hand and is both firm and flexible. IT DOES COME WITH A METAL ROD that can clip to either wrist for operating one of the arms -- I'm not sure it said so in the description, so I was glad to see that it did include one. The fur is long and comes down pretty far over the mouth, so I took the advice I read somewhere online and trimmed it way down around the upper lip so that it is easier to see her expression and articulation of words. This worked well and did not detract from the look at all. I borrowed my pets' slicker brush for a little tidying up of her fur. Once you have the fur neatened up, for a "wilder" look, just shake her around and she'll get nice and fluffy.  Side benefit: as soon as I started rehearsing/playing with this puppet, my 4-year-old son was enchanted by her and immediately started interacting directly with her instead of with me. Ah, puppet magic!
Exactly what I was looking for. Bizzy was colorful, had 3 different types of buckles plus some hidden animals. Kept my busy 18 month old granddaughter occupied for a while!
She loved it so much after she lost it we had buy A second one .... yeah so happy And calls it her Gabba gabba!!!!!
top dog!  Great quality and very soft.  My girlfriend and I have convinced ourselves he is a real pug and have started to lose touch with reality hahaha
cute  My son asked for soft Mario friend toys, specifically a Bowser Jr.  Couldn't believe I found one, but he loves it!
It's extremely adorable. Definitely worth getting.
Awesomely cute.  Was given as a gift for a friend, who loved it. Very soft and adorable and in great quality, coming in a sealed bag as well.
Awesome!!!!!!!!
Love  Baby loves Dora. Perfect for little hand, the backpack is so cute.
My kids love Despicable Me so I ordered them some minions and Kyle for myself.  He is sooooo ugly he's cute!  He is good quality and looks just like he does in the movie.  And of course the kids love him too.  I might need to order another one.
Product as described.  Good buy.  Product as described.  Good buy.  My 2yr old son loves it.
very cute little change purses.
Son loves this lil guy
This is one of the best plushies I've ever purchased  This is one of the best plushies I've ever purchased. It's so detailed and beautiful, the fabric is soft, and the entire thing is so bendable! It's got a slightly rigid moveable body and it's so posable that you can sit it or drape it around anything. This thing is GORGEOUS
Cute!  A little smaller than I expected but still very nice. Super fat body though 
It's cute, tiny, a amazing. I got this for my little brother for Christmas and he keeps it on his desk and my uncle was jealous I didn't get one for him.
Great quality. My son loves it!
My grandson collects SAO characters and he was very happy with it  Was larger than I expected it to be. My grandson collects SAO characters and he was very happy with it. Delivery was very fast and the price was good.
Kids really enjoy these!  These buckle toys are cool!
Absolutely adorable! Soft, snuggly, little cozy puppy!
I bought two for Xmas presents and they loved it  Got delivered very quick it came in the original package, I had seen this toy at target for twice the price, I bought two for Xmas presents and they loved it
Son loves it  My son is a Mickey Mouse nut!  We thought for sure he'd like this, and he does.  It's unique to what you'd find in retail stores, so we bought it.  The ears crinkle, which was initially fun for my son, but that quickly wore off, now he just carries it around a lot.
Totoro is massive  Very well designed plush he is massive my son sleeps on his belly
So cute  He's is beyond cute. For the price he's in really nice shape and though he's a bit smaller than I expected, I am certainly not complaining about that. He's soft and there's a string on his head so I can hang him on the wall with my other hang-able plushies! He really is too cute. Totally worth the money and he arrived here in about 3-4 days after I ordered him! I'm very happy with my purchase!
Adorable and shipped quickly
tigger talk  my grandson talks to tigger all the time,one of his favorites
detailed and safe dinosaurs and adorable caveman. My favorite is the tree  Very cute, detailed and safe dinosaurs and adorable caveman.  My favorite is the tree.
My son LOVE this!  I got this for my son who has Autism and LOVES Toy Story and all of squeals. It only cots $1.52 when I bought it...can't beat that!
This is 100% realistic. It makes me think of the pigeons you see alot by a gate at the airport & pigeons in chicago. The Hansa pigeon is solid and sturdy and high quality although I wouldnt want to try washing him (thats just me) I keep him for display & occasional handling
So cute  Was a valentines gift for my honey who is just as smart as Einstein.  Sits nice on his desk. Loved it
Just as described. Lov them!
My baby loves her Elmo
Adorable stuffed elephant  Soft, Cuddly and adorable
Good quality  Good quality plush toy.  It's very soft and actually looks better in person than in the online pictures.
Great form and function  Nice weight, good looking, and perfect for sipping sauvignon blanc.  Too bad I bought the last for in the universe.  For $20, it was a steal, albeit
Worked great. Shipping was fast  Bought as a present for a pirate fest.  Worked great.  Shipping was fast.
It's so soft and comfortable to sleep with. My lady loves it.
Very Satisfied!  Came in perfect condition ... and the best part it was shipped and delivered in 2 days! ( It takes 3 AG13 batteries) so be careful you put them in right and always secure the battery door.
Good size, good material, amazing color... most that im expected.
cute  cute little guy, my grandson will ove it
leaving you with a perfect and much more precise Z bend  Used to use regular needle-nosed pliers and made two 90 degree bends and then just rotated the second one. This tool makes it much more precise, as find a location, put the wire in, and clamp down, leaving you with a perfect and much more precise Z bend. Great tool for any one needing to make a few Z bends in servo rods.
Great
The cutest, softest, squirtle available.  The cutest,softest, squirtle available .
CUTE. XMAS PRESENT.
Love it!!!  I'm a crested buff and couldn't resist.... but it is really so beautiful!!  I was surprised! I didn't give it to my niece...too cute!
Good price nice product  Nice and beautiful for my daughter.
Love it  My grand-son loves it!
So cute!  Accidentally purchased, that's what I get letting kids on my phone. It's so cute! My son really liked it. I have it in my room. Just adorable and he came with a tiny red cap.
Very cute and soft  It's super soft and cute!!
Practically Perfect in Every Way!  Practically Perfect in Every Way!  The doll is exactly as pictured my daughter loves Mary Poppins and was thrill when she saw her!
Beautiful Doll  Grandkids are in love with this beautiful doll.
So cute.
Great plush.
Kids love these guys!
So cuddly!
Very well made and cute.  Made a little one very happy.
Perfect
This plush doll is so awsome  Silver the plush doll is perfect for my blaze doll
We're on my son's second gloworm toy, he loves turning on his little "guy" when he goes to take naps and go to sleep at night.
Love it  Fast shipping, just in time for christmas. My daughter loves the doll, and sleeps with it every night.
good
Very cool!  Bought as a gift. Very cool!
Cute and nostalgic  I bought this for my baby nephew, Max. We love the Wild Things in our family, so this was a given. What a great toy! Perfect rendition of Maurice Sendak's Max, and huggable, too.
Best Totoro ever  I have been looking for a good quality Totoro plush for a long time and this is so many leagues ahead of anything else I have ever seen. It's large, great fabric, solidly built, adorably cute, and all the parts of the anatomy seem just perfect. Granted, it's pretty darn expensive, but it was totally worth it.
Love it  I got this for my best friend's 2 year old grandaughter.  She loves it. Perfect size!!! Very plush as described.
Love it  6 inches is normally small for a plush, but Kirby is, ehm... wide, so it becomes a very big toy, made with the highest quality. I really love it.
Excelente producto
Reccomended if you don't plan to ride on him!  Great plush quality and it's very adorable, but not big enough for me to ride on and betray him to reach the second giant gate behind the first one.
Huggable Gorgeous Friend.  This is fabulously luscious highest quality Disney Store plush. I was mesmerized by the cutness of it. Totally absorbing magical face. The body is cuddlable and so huggable. My little one could not be parted with it. Perfect buddy. I am also happy because it brings my memories back. It is perfect toy to keep in the family. We will never let it go. I see a great collector's potential in it. It is impossible to find it anywhere anymore as it was part of a very limited collection at Disney Store. I love the Disney patch with the Disney Store logo on it because this guaranteed safety of the product for kids.
so soft  the plushie is big enough to use as a comfy pillow and the blanket is soft and both are adorabubbles
Very cute and definitely a learning toy for my 14 mo grandson.
So cute!  This little guy is a must have for anyone who is an Elmo fan for the holidays. He sings and moves his head. Very adorable.
Kids love it
great little stuffed animal for my son to carry around  Cute and soft, great little stuffed animal for my son to carry around.
Christmas gift
So soft and cute!!!! Came in sooner than expected!!!
Love this totoro!  Great quality, authentic totoro.  There's so many cheap versions out there- this is not one of those. We love it!
Cute  Very nice
Love it!  For some young children, it is a security blanket or stuffed animal they carry around with them. For my 2 year old son, it is this Taggies ball that jingles when shaken that is his "security blanket". He sleeps with it,takes it in the car with him, into the grocery store, throws it, kicks it, rolls it down the slide, etc. It washes easily and dries quickly by setting it on a clean, dry surface. We have about 5 taggies balls at home- some are different colors, but have the same concept. That's how much he loves them! For some reason, this particular one is his favorite-maybe he likes the bright colors on this one- who knows?
I love him! My  6 year son adores him and plays with it all the time!
Just darling!  Looks just like the picture!  Arrived in great shape.  Highly recommend ordering. Mary T. St Paul MN
My daughter loved this. Shes so cute and goes well with stitch.
My niece really loved it and sleeps with it
I ordered this item for my granddaughter and she loved it.
A+++
they are in the great tree.  Fabulosos.  Preciosos, quedan en el arbol genial. Fabulosos. Precious, they are in the great tree.
really cute  I liked that these fairy dolls came with different colors of hair. They are so soft and cute. I would recommend to other Grandmas as gifts
Awesome Sanrio Plush, just what I expected.
so cute and looks amazing in my room
great
Awesome toy! Highly recommend it for little ones!  We got this for our 18 month old and she absolutely loves it!! We keep it in the car so that any time we go to a restaurant it keeps her entertained the whole time. She loves doing the buckles over and over again.  We were so pleased with this product that we bought her another one when she turned 2! We got her the caterpillar with all the buckes!
Nice  My grandson loves this shark, He is 3 and carries it everywhere he goes. So far he hasn't been able to destroy it.
Great Arlo Stuffie!  My daughter LOVES this doll.  It's very tall and bendable and she can snuggle with him, dance with him, carry him around and hug him lots.  He's very durable and has become one of her favorite tous.
... loves to clip and buckle things so this was perfect for him  My 1 year old loves to clip and buckle things so this was perfect for him! And easy and great for on the go entertainment.
but he is so happy when opened the wrap  Bought it for our son as Xmas gift. I have no idea why he loves this thing, but he is so happy when opened the wrap!
Great construction and service.
Keeps toddler occupied  I love how it keeps my toddler occupied. But she's currently too young to figure out most of it (18mo). She's at the stage of learning to buckle things but after a while she gives up. Perhaps when she's a bit older it'll be just perfect.
Bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loves it
My five year old and three year olds both love it
BIG Elmo!  Bought as a gift for my friends 2 year old son and he totally loved it!  If your kids love stuffed animals as much as mine (literally have all of theirs since birth) and love Elmo, you can't go wrong!
I would recommend!  This is a quality product. The item was just as described. My grandson loved it and I felt it was fairly priced!
My niece loves these.
soft and easy to hold and  Very cute,soft and easy to hold and hug
Fantastic  My Grandaughter loved it
Adorable and fun to watch!
Fun toy that even makes a zombie not scary  Got this for my 10 year old.  Actually she gave me money to order it for her.  She loves it very much and rearranges the body parts on it often.  She actually will loan out body parts to friends and siblings to hold on to.  The toys is well put together, fun to play with, and can make zombie education fun for the whole family.
My kids love it.
Cute, soft, good for the price  My daughter really wanted a puppy that would interact in some way (her father is allergic). After reading tepid reviews on many others (that admittedly do more) available this holiday season, we came upon this one. It arrived quickly and she was very excited and has slept with is since.  It is not exactly realistic, but it is huggable - though it does have a battery compartment underneath velcro on the belly and that part is harder - and it serves its purpose. For the price, we have been very happy so far. It has only been one month, so I will update if this changes.
Smaller than I thought
Cute!
Very Cute  Lowly Worm is adorable, but is indeed quite small! But even as a small plush, he is still a great one! Just beware of the size.
Makes me laugh!  Daughter loves her Furby Boom! This is her second Furby. The two Furbys chat for hours on end. So funny!
A great healer and comfort for a 6 yr old  Instant hit! My Grand daughter loved it!
He is my 1-year-old's best friend. I'll have to get another to hide so I can clean this one without her knowing.
Worked perfect for a school play
Great
So much fun  The baby loves it (she's a big fan of Abby cadabby.  Only wish there was an on/off button other than that it's a hit
As described. Thank you.
Great deal  Great deal and made a little girl who just had sugery very happy
for 10 buks, its worth it :)
Cute and simple  This makes an excellent gift for any hello kitty fan. It's small, but the perfect size to set on a shelf.
great toy for a toddler that loves buckles  great toy for a toddler that loves buckles! 2-3 of the buckles are difficult to open even for an adult though - so it's helpful in teaching patience, practice, and learning to ask for help.
Emma, my grand daughter loves it.
Goofy plush  Purchased as a gift.  A good size for a toddler.  Quality seemed very good.
Perfect for baby girl's, soon-to-be, first stuffed animal!!  Very soft; great quality; Will be perfect for our baby girl's, soon-to-be, first stuffed animal!!
Excellent Plush!  Another great quality plush. My son really liked it for his birthday. Well packaged!
This little guy is a cutie!! My child was excited to receive this in the mail  when she arrived at her summer destination without mommy and daddy!! Comforted her when she needed it!! Even my 23 year old nephew took it...Everyone loves Olaf.
Very cute toy and exactly as expected.
My 4 year old granddaughter fell in love immediately  The cutest dog. My 4 year old granddaughter fell in love immediately
Perfect size  Perfect size! Not too big & not to small for kids hands. Parents won't complain about kids taking them along for the ride or for bedtime. I used them in a preschool classroom & they loved them!
cute
VERY NICE & VERY GOOD QUALITY  I LOVE IT!!!!!
Nice product came as described
good price very good deal
Fun and scary!  Great size, adorable toy or collectable!
Quick and Cute!  Hard to find some of the stuffed Pokemon.  this made my granddaughter very happy.  small item but size was in the description.  good quality.  fast shipping.  Will definitely buy from seller again.
My son loves this thing!
one of my kiddos favorites.
A gift for my gf she loves it
So god
LO loves her snuggly Daniel.
Yooooooooo, It's DJ Lance  My 4 year old is crazy for Yo Gabba Gabba. She had every character except DJ Lance. I found him and ordered him right away, as it is so very difficult to find Gabba merchandise in the stores. She was super excited when he came. He's well made, has withstood some nibbling from our dog, who is a stuffed toy and sock thief in the house. Very pleased!
Great for kids  Weird little citter, kids loved it.
Great Deal
She is getting better every day  My baby girl keep herself so busy and she loves it! She is getting better every day! BUY IT!
Good quality. My son loves  Big. Good quality. My son loves it
I bought this toy for my 16 month old to distract him during an airplane trip. He was not very interested at first, but after seeing it a couple times he loves to practice closing the buckles. I even suggested it to a friend who needed some ideas for travel toys.
Very cute
Super soft!  I looked into many different versions of this plush and found that this one was the best representation of the Pokemon. I got this for my little sister's birthday and am so glad that it arrived before her birthday even though estimated shipping put it at arriving five days after her birthday. This plushie is super soft to the touch and was totally worth the high cost.
Bootiful  Facts about King Boo:  He's a ghost. He has a pink tongue you can stick back in his mouth. He's cute and cuddly. He loves boonanas. When he gets hurt, he gets a boo boo.
ADDED TO COLLECTION  MY SON HAS COMPLETED HIS MARIO COLLECTION AND WE ARE ON TO THE POKEMAN COLLECTION.  CAN'T WAIT TO ORDER MORE!
Cute and plush.
Purchased as a gift and she loved it! I haven't seen it in person yet  Purchased as a gift and she loved it! I haven't seen it in person yet, but she said it does say the catch phrases from the movie!
met expectations
excellent
making those synapses juicy!  This is an excellent visual aid for learners of all ages.  With recent advances in neuroscience, it becomes very important to discuss these matters with every possible tool available.
Nice product.  Nicely made!
Super cute. Daughter loves it. So do i!
Fast shipping and great item!  Thank you!  Fast shipping and great item!  Thank you!  I bought this as a baptism gift for my youngest son, and he loves how soft it is.
Extremely soft and cute  The quality is really nice and I was so surprised by how soft it is that I sometimes stroke it just cause it feels so nice.  Only negative is the mouth shape which I think could have been done better, but oh well. Very happy with it over all.
Precious!  I would recommend it to everyone.  My granddaughter tucks him under her arm & carries him all around. She won't let him sit in her chair, though!
very cute and cuddly and durable  It is very soft and cuddly unlike the toy story which is hard and pointy. Great for the baby to sleep with.
soft and safe  Got this for the little nephew, about 9 mos old.  (The nephew, not the toy). It is very soft, also as mentioned the eyes are material not plastic, which is nice....photo attached  (hopefully ). Mine was ma4ked down from 14.99 to 7.99. So very great deal.
Cute  A little smaller than I thought it would be, but is still cute. Well made. Great for little kids.
cute, looks very good
Love this. It's my favorite. Great quality.
Foreign Review (Google Translator)  <div id="video-block-R4DNHF13SZGJC" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1Yt080bgYS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81RuSDHJlTS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Foreign Review (Google Translator) There are kids that get tired quickly. The kids had to show Sesame Street on YouTube. And I have the Elmo doll gift for children. The kids really liked.
Grandson loved these official Kirby Dolls  Grandson loved these official Kirby Dolls.  Bought 4 of them and he was delighted.  Quality and good.  Arrived when expected.
Good one  Beautyful, recomeded for a gift!
AWESOME, bought for my grandson's birthday. Great value and he love's it!
for a new fan of pokemon  adorable! i just started playing pokemon and fell in love with her! the ''fur'' is very soft and feels well made but the fins on the head don't stay up like the picture, she was stuffed in a plastic bag in a cardboard box she after some adjusting she should look just fine! i love my vaporeon!
Good for Pokemon lovers  It's actually something I got for my boss an he loves it more then the one he had before he keeps it in the office
Super cute and very life-like. Great quality.
It looks exactly as displayed
Very classy speakers.  Great for an office.  These speakers are great for a classy office that could use as few bulky items as possible.  The sound that comes out of them is definately surprizing.  They are obviously not designed to wake your neighbors, so I'm rating them as such.  They are the best small speakers I've ever heard, and look better than average to boot.
very happy with this doll  My niece is very, very happy with this doll!
happy with my purchase  I was pleasantly surprised when this item arrived.  It's a gift for a grandson and I was a little concerned the toy would be to small.  In fact it is a decent size and seems well made...happy with my purchase.
Excellent  Aside from it being broken in the mail it was wonderful. I would recommend it to friends and family.  The colors and design were beautiful.
Soft and perfect
bought this for my niece  my neice was very happy with mr. grouper. She is only a year old but loves the bubble guppies. Was worth the cost.
Awesome thanks
Fairy Tail  Love him   So much and So cute
so cute!  Very well made, the detail is great and I received the item on a timely manner.
So adorable!!
Gift  Gave this to my little sister, she loves it so much, nice size for travel. Nicely manufactured. I recommend this plush.
Better than I thought it was going to be. My son will love it
Cute product  Cute and snugable.  Well made.
Love the smell of this on my husband!!
great small toy  small can fit in palm of my hand but kids love him
adorable  Very cute little smaller than expected; but worth it. Supposed to be for kids room hangs in my cubicle; no ones offended by this "stuffed" moose.
My sister loves this Doc doll, thank you very much! :)
My 2 and half year old daughter loved it! Good quality and does as says.
Great product. Great Price. Would Buy Again. Worth the wait.
Cute and fun  Our 9-year-old Star Wars fan loves it! The sounds make us laugh!
10/10  As pictured, legitimate licensed Disney product. Great quality.
Excelllent
Love this toy!  My daughter loves sing a ma jigs and this one is really special since it is a limited edition and dressed as Santa for Christmas. It is so adorable and sings Jingle Bells so she sings along with it! I highly recommend this if there are any more left :)
Thanks for the great price. It was much more at ToysRUs  Our grand son loves this guy. Thanks for the great price. It was much more at ToysRUs.
Super soft
What a wonderful toy!  My grandson wanted this from the day he saw the commercial on TV.  I had to find out what he wasso  gaga over!!  I ordered him two.  He loves them and mommy reports he does keep his clothes off the floor now.
daughter's 13th birthday  When my daughter asked for this item, time was of the essance because her 13th birthday was only two weeks away when I ordered it from abc toy company.  I was really pleased with the speed, timliness and correctness of the order and my daughter was elated it getting it at all!!  Amelia has been into the Inyuasha thing for the longest time and I am sure that she will keep it for her daughter when she becomes of age.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Inu-Yasha-Miroku-8-Plush-Plush-Doll-Figure/dp/B000A7R3HQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Inu Yasha: Miroku 8" Plush (Plush Doll Figure)</a> Great job!, I have never been dissapointed with the Sundries I have ordered and since I have been with Amazon for the past six years, I will continue to do business with this great company! Bobby Davis Aurora Colorado
Satisfied  Was a gift, they liked it.
Great for Little Kids!  I never realized how much babies love tags.  I kept being told about how popular they are with babies.  I got this and a taggies blanket for one of my friends who has a young baby.  He loves this taggies ball!  It's soft and enjoyable for little ones to play with.
Very happy with it  Very cute doll I bought for my daughter for xmas.  Very happy with it.
great purchase
Was very satisfied
A TREASURE!  Beautiful and well made stuffed animal.
Super cute  This is the cutest puss in boots plush ever! My 4 year old was super excited the day it arrived and she plays with it daily. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who loves puss in boots.
If you love Animal, you will love this!  We bought this for our young son (20 months) because he loves Animal. This toy is more for the "put on the shelf" type versus throw around and play with. My son still loves this toy and it is a great representation of Animal (minus the pink hair). Anyway, any Animal lover would love to have this!
Great product!  Got this to put in my son's new hunting themed room! He loved it Would do business with again! Great product!
Absolutely Perfect!
super cute  my 3 yo loves it and the baby mario too! They are both soft and cuddly and got delivered fairly quickly!
Great plush & skin  Great plush! The ingame skin is the best one available in the game. Love it! Very good Amazon service.
This toy, with no flashing lights or sounds, was a hit as a gift for a young toddler.  This was a hit! Purchased as a gift for a 16 month old girl who was already interested in buckles, weeks later, it's still one of her favorite toys.
This Elmo is amazing is does nothing  This Elmo is amazing is does nothing, no singing, no dancing, no tickling and it one of my  grandson's favorite Elmo. He can hold it and snuggle with it and nap with it without fear of injury from hard internal parts. This is the way a child's cuddle toy needs to be made. I recommend this toy to all true Elmo fans.
Cat on the Hat stuffed animal  It Looked great! He came with nrand new tags. It served its purpose. Thanks! Will order again from same vendor.
Substitute Plush!  The substitute plush looks exactly like the substitute that appears in-game. He's very cute and soft, and so rotund! He's delightful, as are all the shenanigans you can have with your very own substitute. Don't feel like working? No problem, let your substitute go to work for you. Homework bringing you down? Sub will take care of it. This guy fits into any collection, because basically any Pokemon can learn substitute I think. These guys are getting pretty rare, so I would snatch one up while you can! It seems like a lot to pay for a small plush, but the prices will only go up. And he's so cute it's totally worth the money. I'd recommend this plush as a gift for any Pokemon collector, or for an older kid who treats their toys well and enjoys Pokemon.
nice knife
I love watching her interact with it  My five month old LOVES this thing. I bought this more for nostalgia than anything else. I remembered having a glow worm as a little girl and I wanted my baby to have one too. Thus far she has not been very interested in toys at all, but as soon as I took this out of the box and lit it up for her, she got the biggest smile on her face. She loves to hold it (chew on it) while she sits in her swing and when I change her diaper in the middle of the night she smiles at the glowing face. I love watching her interact with it. The glowing face is a dull yellow glow so its not too bright in the dark. The face is cute and my baby loves to gnaw on the little ears. The whole thing is so soft and squishy. This is the perfect baby for my baby. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Loved It!  Granddaughter loved it.  Was thrilled with the addition to her collection.
Cute. Just as described. My son loves it and sleeps with it every night.
Awesome little plush toy with cool looks.  Well constructed, good price, kids love it!
Great toy great softness
such a cute stuffed animal goes perfect with the books
Great dog toy  Our dogs love these things, nice and small, easy to cart around other than missing their eyes, they are still working.
Love it!  So cuddly and soft! Came promptly and exactly as advertised! So cute. I got it as a present and it was very well received.
Great little plush  Great little plush!  I was a bit surprised how little it was but it IS exactly as described.  I suggest if you are worried, get out a ruler and actually see what 8.5 inches looks like. :)  All seams look to be secure and it's well stuffed.  Arrive fast!
Perfect Elmo for Snuggling!  I bought this Elmo for my daughter when she was about 19 months old and started having major difficulties going to sleep at bedtime.  We thought a transitional item might help, especially since she never really took to a "lovie."  I wanted to find a stuffed animal that was small (but not small enough to put in her mouth...) and soft but did not have any loose or removable parts - so it would be safe in her crib.  This Elmo totally fits the bill.  It is soft, durable, machine washable (in cold water), and very cuddly.  I also liked that the eyes on this Elmo are soft and not the hard rounded ones, which make the other ones a bit more difficult to cuddle at night, in my opinion.  I am buying a spare one of these little guys for the times that the regular Elmo is in the wash and maybe even one for Grandma's, as my daughter now can't sleep without it!
Is a little less than expected, but my son loves it. Is more of a child's toy than adult collectible.
Luna Luv  I LUV MY LUNA!!!
Great Eeyore!  Love him! My grand daughter loves it.
High quality, Authentic Product  Good product, exactly as advertised, sold by TOMY. You can really tell the authentic high quality stuff they produce as we've brought it to Pokemon Events and it is clear this Vaporeon is much better quality and prettier than the other knock offs.
Softest elmo doll  So soft! Very happy with purchase. It's not very big so make sure to check the measurements.
amazing
10 year old daughter loves this  Not sure why, but our daughter is so attached to this that she finds it necesary to sleep with it every night...
thumbs up  bought it for a friend, he loves it!
Excelente!
Good delivery and great product  Granddaughter LOVES Elmo.  Good delivery and great product.
PLUSH FIGURE WOODY  I ORDERED THIS DOLL FOR MY 2 YR OLD NEPHEW. HE LOVES IT SO MUCH. IT IS EASILY CARRIED SO HE TAKES IT EVERYWHERE. IT IS WASHABLE AND SO SOFT. HE SLEEPS WITH IT AND IF HE LEAVES IT AT GRANDMA'S HOUSE, HIS MOM HAS TO GO BACK TO GET IT. WONDERFUL PURCHASE.
Cute  It isn't very big but my granddaughter loved it.
Used for a class presentation on Lyme Disease.  Very cute!
Adorable
Great cloth version of woody. My niece loves it!
My daughters love them. Nicely made
My child loves it
An Adorable Plushie of the Jewel Thief!  Rouge the Bat is one of my favorite characters from the Sonic the Hedgehog universe. This plushie of the sultry jewel thief is super cute! She's fairly tall at 11 inches, and very soft. I'm very happy with the quality of the plushie, and it's a great likeness to her appearance in the video games. I adore my Rouge, I'm very happy with this purchase! ^_^
Peppa is a HIT!  She is perfect! We used her as the centerpiece of my granddaughters birthday cake - she LOVES Peppa Pig. She looked beautiful on the cake and 3 year old Minna now wags her everywhere. She has been washed twice and still has her crown and wand which is a testimony to how well made she is.
Cute Elmo!  Perfect for little hands to hold & snuggle!  My Granddaughter is 20 months & she loves her new Elmo!!
Great product  I purchased it for my niece. She loved this a lot. I got exactly what I expected. Thank you so much.
THANKS
I love Boo  I am a bit old for this toy, but I love Boo, and seeing his little face around brings a smile to mine. Gund did a very good job of recreating his likeness in this plush.
Beautiful doll. My child loves this toy.
Had 1 when I was a child and loved it so I had to order 1 for my son and he loves it too. The lullaby volume isn't too loud like most soothers.
Love it.
soft and great size for toddlers  Vibrant color, very cute, soft and great size for toddlers. My granddaughters love it.
An adorable plush of a very memorable character from the Sailor Moon series. It is very nice quality, & I highly reccomend it to any other fellow plush collectors, or even just someone who loves Tuxedo Mask.
cute
Great Plush for the Price, Show-Style Accurate.  The plush arrived in a minimalist package, meaning it was scrunched up, but this is not a bad thing! Leave the plush sit upright for a little bit (I left it sit for about 30 minutes to writing this post) and it'll be unscrunched and looking fine. It also had arrived nearly two weeks ahead of the estimated delivery time (Ordered on Aug 16th 2016, arrived Aug. 31st. Estimated to September 16th). Since this is coming from China, it's expected to have a wide delivery estimate and can take awhile to arrive. Expect that when ordering this.  It's practically identical to the picture. If anything, the colors may seem a little different just because the image was taken in a studio-like environment. It's identical as far as I'm concerned.  It does not feel like it could take a lot of abuse, such as maybe being thrown around by a toddler/very young child. There is extra support added to the wings and most threads appear to be thick or double threaded in weak spots (wings, mane, tail). The tag on the plush even states it's not meant for children age 0-5. It's just meant to be cuddled.  I don't really have any complaints of this for the price. It's show-style accurate, the stitching quality is very good, and it's very plush, made of a good fabric.  I added a picture with a 2'' Blindbag figurine for better size comparison.  Certainly worth the buy.
"Chu" - se him! :)  Adorable plush; looks just like the book character! Love this little guy! :)
It was cute and exactly what we were looking for.
Was so pleased to find it still available  This is a duplicate for our granddaughter as the beloved original was left behind at the hospital. Was so pleased to find it still available.
Very Cute  It's very cute and the size is perfect so it fits in well with my collection of plushies.
Great Quality!  There are several versions of the main Pokmon characters available on the market - this Fennekin one is by far some of the highest quality I have seen. It's a reasonable size and the orange inner ear area is the softest, fuzziest material around - my 4 year old LOVES it and chooses to sleep with it over many other stuffed animals because he calls it the "snuggliest."
another one for my grandson he loves it
SO CUTE  I love this manatee!! He is so cute. I love that he is so soft and cuddly! would defiantly purchase again.
Excellent item, Recommend 100%
Awesome product!! Looks exactly like Joy from movie!  My daughter absolutely loves Joy and can't get enough of her!! She enjoys the sayings and it's light weight so she carries Joy with her all the time. The product looks exactly like the character in the movie. She is very real to my four year old. It's as if she left Riley's mind and arrived in a box on our doorstep. ;) We are pleased! Well made!!!
but adorable!  Small, but adorable!
Love our "Buckle Boy"!  This has been a surprisingly fun toy for my 4 grandchildren. It's still a little difficult for the 19 and 23 month olds to unsnap, but their older siblings love to be the "unbucklers", and the babies can buckle them back. The babies are learning to match the colors, while the older ones love to mix the colors and match the buckles. A nice quiet toy!
Paid extra 4 fast shipping right on time. Couldnt ask for more  Thanks!
Beautiful  Chose these lights to match a chandelier from another manufacturer whose pendant lights would not meet my needs.  They matched almost perfectly.  My electrician said they were a good quality for the price & very easy to install.
Cute
Love it!
She loves these and I was more than happy with the quality of the item  Purchased for 4yr old daughter. She loves these and I was more than happy with the quality of the item.
We love this dog!  Boo is truly the cutest dog in the world and my niece loves him exponentially! She has to have this toy dog with her whenever she goes to sleep at night and she takes him everywhere she goes with his head sticking out of her pocketbook! One thing is that it looks so real that people actually think it is going to bark...
So soft, large than I expected- which is a huge bonus !
Very nice, soft, looks and feel very good quality!
it's ok
Adorable  I bought this Yoshi as a birthday gift for my friend. This Yoshi is very soft and adorable. I might as well get one for my own one day.
Amazing Plush  Very soft plush and great details, it was for my son's birthday and he's going to love it!
I love the anime and this plush is amazing and super cute  great material and looks exactly like the picture but the bows aren't red.
daughter loves it
Great quality and sooo soft!
Adorable
Good quality. Kids love it.
Much needed for my grandson  I needed this toy for my 2 1/2 yr. old grandson who is in love with all things TOY STORY. This was an excellent and easy buy.
Quick delivery and great quality
So cute.  She sits on top of a tall bookcase in a room of my own!
Chewbacca Back Pack  Received this quickly and looks as good as it does in the photo. Definitely would purchase again :) Is quite big, if buying for a small child would probably be too big
My one year old loves this toy i take this every where with me
Better than I thought!  Just the right size, feels great (soft), and looks just as awesome as Rainbow Dash herself! Certainly worth every penny! And it's better than I initially thought! 5/5
but it's really cute and came in great condition. I like it  Obviously a knock-off (especially since it's so cheap), but it's really cute and came in great condition. I like it!
One of the cutest Troll Dolls. Kids are going to love these for Christmas!  This little Troll Doll is just the cutest ever. Got several of these for Christmas gifts for grandkids. I bet they will be hard to find for Christmas. Glad I got mine early. Very well made.
Arrived as expected and son loves it.  Arrived as expected and son loves it.
Very well made and nice materials.  Official disney product. Very well made and nice materials.
Everything I thought it would be.
Sweet!
does my kid LOVE this Vaporeon  Wow, does my kid LOVE this Vaporeon. It's her favorite Pokmon (at least for now...)
My son loved it!
Granddaughter loves her Ugly Nandy  My 11 year old Granddaughter collects Ugly dolls and mentioned she would like this one.  So I ordered him from Amazon and gave it to her as a surprise when she visited.  She loves him!
soft and clean
Cute and iconic  This is so awesome and a major conversation starter! It is extremely soft and huge! It is several feet long and very cute. Plush and cuddly! highly recommend this product for Alien fans, young or old.
Super soft Sulley!  Sulley is well made and super soft.  He was a huge hit!  Very good quality and value.  Sure to bring plenty of smiles.
It perfect I love it  Its perfect exactly whats in the picture and a decent size i love it thank u
good job  Because it exactly what I wanted it I love it great job keep going doing well congratulation my little girl is happy now thanks you
as promised. thanks
Cute!  Love this little guy! It came In time and is just as cute as ever! He is just like what I expected to get. I love the smurfs!
Exactly as expected.
... iPads I was impressed to see how much they enjoyed the challenge of zipping and buckling  For kids that always prefer to play with their iPads I was impressed to see how much they enjoyed the challenge of zipping and buckling. Great toy with good fine motor skill practice.
Beautiful doll  I was shocked when they made human luna and black lady dolls, and I really hope they use more characters in the future! The doll is high quality, she has embroidered eyes along with the moon on her head; the dress and flowers are satin; the purple under her skirt is made to make sure the ruffle effect stays; the colors are vibrant; and her hair is ruffly with puffy odangos. This doll is perfect and a must for any Sailor Moon fan or any fan of the Hearts on Ice film!
better than expected  Arrived faster than expected :) they are cute and great for the price. My little brother loves peppa and George.
great elves Bigger than I thought  great elves  Bigger than I thought, looking good with Santa
Good reviews for a reason and Looks like the picture  It's soft and fairly big. This elephant looks exactly like its picture. I think any child or adult who likes stuffed animals would be pleased with it. It comes shrink wrapped so that it won't get dirty on its way to you. I like the color because that doesn't get dirty easily. Also, I think this elephant is cute. It is sewn well. It looks more expensive than it is. The price when I got it was around $10. It could be more expensive if you got it at FAO Schwartz. I really enjoy these animals and may get more from Amazon.
Wonderfulness in a plush  Great %100 what I wanted! He was very compact in the shipping container. Surprised it fit!
Very soft and exactly like the picture  Very soft and exactly like the picture. The shipping speed was average but came in earlier than expected. It's so cute! :)
Little bundle of joy  If you need a desk buddy. Then you should get this. And have something for it to lean on becaude it's belly is so round.
Cute.
Just the ticket  My grandson wanted this crazy bird, and it is just what we ordered!  It seems to be well made and came shipped in a good box.
This thing is very large my son just loves it
Loved it!  Perfect size for my 1 year old niece. She loves it!
An amazing deal!  An amazing deal!  My 3 children LOVE ugly dolls, and his set was incredibly cute, an again well worth the money!  Thanks!
Nice!  Very cute and easy to play with for little ones!
Callou  Granddaughter will love it!
So soft!  I bought 2 of these for my kids when our lab died and they LOVE it. They carry it around everywhere. It's so soft!
Arrived when promised and my grandson will love this
Quality plush  Product comes exactly as described. Cute, lovable and extremely pleasing to have if you're an Animal Crossing fan! Sits well on the firm beanbag it comes with, stands up by itself.
Cute  It's very cute! I love it.
NERDS ARE LOVED TOO!!  My granddaughter loved this doll.  She has been accused of being a Nerd and she even has glasses very similar to this little Domo.  She had one stolen from her locker earlier this year and this will be a perfect replacement for her (but she will not be taking it to school).  This is really adorable.
Cute!  What more can I say? This is adorable!
Daughter loved toy
Excited to give this to my best friend. She will love it  Arrived faster than anticipated. Excited to give this to my best friend. She will love it.
these are very cute
Little small  Nice figure, well detailed
Great quality  Great quality - as all Disney stuffed animals are great quality.  Perfect for my 3yo who loves Kion.
Absolutely love them! Put such a big smile on my grand baby, will purchase the other in the near future!
Great little toy  My seven year olds adore their "fluffy birdo", it is good quality and well made. I'm honestly amazed it has held up to their antics!
This is a great plush for a great price
great stuffed animal  I gave this to my grandson for Christmas--he LOVED it!  i would definitely recommend. I would buy this product again
Great condition & no complaints!
Bad kitty plush  I adore cats, I have two feline babies and I collect all kinds of items with cats on them.  He is on my bed right now along with the other kitty plush toys I have aquired along the way.  I also have several of bad kitty books and when I read it to my students I usually take the plush so they can see it.
Simply Amazing!  This Pooh Bear is just wonderful! I searched many places before deciding on this particular bear. The quality is amazing, the stitching and craftsmanship is outstanding, the colors are true to form and the cuddle factor is a 10/10! The image does not do it justice, it's amazing. You won't go wrong purchasing this Pooh bear. My girlfriend lost her childhood bear many years ago and will be completely surprised and delighted with this fantastic Winnie the Pooh bear!
Small but cute  It might be small but my daughter loved it.  Made a great stocking stuffer this year.  Would buy it again.  Ship fast and arrived in great packaging.
I like it
interesting and different plush animal!  my grandson loved this!
Love love love  My son is obsessed with Sulley and all things Monsters, so when I saw this I knew he would love it! It's going to be part of his Easter Basket so he hasn't gotten it yet but I love it! its the perfect size for a 2 year old and its super cute! Plus it got here a week before it was supposed to!!
Lowly Worm  This is a favorite Busytown character at our house.  It is a great toy for all age groups and easy to carry around.
My daughter was thrilled when this toy arrived.  This toy was delivered as expected, brand new as expected, and was purchased at a great price for something that was extremely hard to find. Thank you, we were extremely overly satisfied with this purchase and exceeded our expectations!
Works great!  Bought as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who has been wanting Chewbacca for quite some time. This is the only one that is posable, snuggly and talks. Of course doesn't "say" much but that's Chewy!
Authentic & I 100% Happy!  100% satisfied!  Stitch arrived on the day promised, in perfect shape and am completely satisfied.
I love Kirby and my son wanted a sword ability Kirby to add to his SSB4 collection. He came quickly and was top notch condition.
My daughter loved it. She thinks it's adorable  My daughter loved it.  She thinks it's adorable.  It made a wonderful Easter gift.  The item looked as described.  I do agree with one of the reviews, you will have to be careful around the eyes and mouth.  It looks like over time they could peel off.  The eyes and mouth look like the iron on material which will peel.  But as of right now my daughters love her and she looks fine.
Soft and huggable  I ordered two of these Seals and they are amazing.  Very soft.  Large.  Going under my Christmas tree!
I love doing them and for the price I love it  I love doing them and for the price I love it. If you go to walmart you will price lot more for it.
Excellent..  It was just what I wanted. Description of item was accurate. Had invoice and was properly sealed....I need appox, several more plushes, discounts please...You did an excellent job!!, I know one little boy that will be happy. Merry Christnas....
So cute
Cute fully guy!
My nephew loved the toy!!!
Adorable  Wife loved it
Bing Bong, Bing Bong.  My daughter loves her Bing Bong.
My son was suprised on christmas  I had this on my wish list for a while for my son. They do not sell pikman plush where I live. It came within a week of ordering it. The quality of the plush is excellent. I am going to buy more products from this seller.
it's a hit.  daughter love it.
cool stuffed pokeball  Awesome little stuffed ball, great for Pokmon fans
Interesting.
Worked great for my project
best toy ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  it talks and fluffy also so cute so ya BEST TOY EVER!:3 i say every pokemon fan should have one.
Wonderful gift   Wonderful gift
adorable life like  Love it just perfect detail I got three one for me and I am 70,one for my 28 yr old daughter and one for my little neighbor who is 12. Olaf appeals to all ages. He makes us laugh and makes us happy.money well spent!!!
Best gift ever!  I bought this for my mom as a gift and she LOVED IT. I know some people have complained about her pigtails(?) coming off, but from my experience, it looks like they've reinforced the stitching on it to prevent that from happening. This was a cute addition to my mom's Nintendo plush collection. Great product at a decent price.
Cute
like  my sister bought this for her boyfriend came in the mail quickly overall nice product for the price. really nice
Used for a decoration at a party.  Was a hit.
Cute
very very well made  for the price,  my son loves it....
LOVED IT
It's the perfect gift for that special someone  My bff jill gave me chlamydia for my birthday. It's the perfect gift for that special someone!
My son loved it!
super cute
This was gift that was very loved and got me a great reaction for the bfff
I am so happy with this toy, very nice and cute, thanks.
Travels Everywhere  Instantly my son's favorite plush toy.  The Angry Birds Star Wars convergence has completely taken over my house.  The plush is well built, looks great, and is fun to use in a game of catch.
Good.
awesome
Great Buy  Super cute and holds a lot.
Awesome Elf  My son got this elf from the North Pole recently and he loves it! We named him Elmer, and he is a great elf to have! Great elf purchase for keeping the "magic" alive! My daughter got the girl elf and she loves her too...both kids carry these elves everywhere they go, and they'll be missing them when Santa takes the elves home to the North Pole on Christmas eve...but we'll be excited to get them back year after year after year!
Harper  I love Harper. I adore how her hair resembles the colors of a rainbow, and she looks great in her artistic outfit. I feel like she and I can create art projects together.
My son loves his glow worm.  He is two and a half and when he gets into bed he turns it on himself.  I just bought his third one this week.  With daily use it lasts about a year.  After that the glow isn't as bright and the music is a little wonky even right after the batteries are replaced.  Batteries last about a month with daily use.  Even with needing to replace it periodically, worth every penny.
Just LOVED it. My busy little toddler enjoyed playing with this on the plane and in lines at Disney! Sturdy, cute and buckles are easy to operate.
They fit great and were a huge hit  I bought these for my 8-year-old nephew for his birthday. He has adult-sized feet. They fit great and were a huge hit. They should fit him for years to come.
Adorbs!  Soooo soft and cute!!  Very realistic to the character!!
it is very soft and pretty cool to have for live role playing battles  My son had to have this and while I am not that into spiders, it is very soft and pretty cool to have for live role playing battles!
Worth it!  Shockingly well made and premium materialis used in the making of this. Worth the money once I saw how nice it is. Solid purchase!
Grift for my granddaughter  My grand daughter wants a real live corgi. Mom says no so this is the next best thing. She loves it. It's so cute and soft. Thank you!
Fun toy and very interactive!  My six year old son loves this furby SO MUCH! It has become part of our family. The furby boom app is fun and works on all of our devices.
Elmo!  Great product.  Granddaughter loved it!
Pleased  I was surprisingly pleased with it. I didn't think it was going to be that big. I bought  this as a christmas present for my daughter, and I'm sure she will love it since she is into plushies.
measures 13 inches from bottom to top of head not including ears so its about 18 inches with ears worth the money  This is a great price because I just paid 35.00 for same at a renowned bookstore. very soft and cute as soon as i walked into bookstore i picked it up because I couldn't resist.  Now its too late to order because party is tomorrow.  So I thought I would share that the price makes it worth ordering i was just short for time and didn't know i really wanted this size until i saw it in person. I'd Recommend it.  My daughter is turning 10 and we are seeing the peter rabbit movie so i bought as a gift for her.
I loved it! I actually buy these for my pup and he ruined his last one so i was stoked when i found this online. Came fast and was so cute.
Love This Elmo  Elmo was smaller than I imagined because the legs account for a good bit of the length. However, he is the perfect size for my 20-month old adn she LOVES him!  Very cuddly and "huggable"
Baby liked it.
It's perfect, exactly as expected which can be difficult to find with online shopping these days!
My 8-year old son wanted a stuffed animal stork for Christmas and he is very happy with this one  Awesome- looking stork. My 8-year old son wanted a stuffed animal stork for Christmas and he is very happy with this one. It is realistic-looking. Most of the other ones I saw were more for babies and toddlers.
just like the real Boo  Cute beyond belief, just like the real Boo.  Our daughter loves it.
We have 2 of these and ove them!  My daughter loves this little gloworm.  And we also bought one for my neice in the UK.  It is very soothing and sweet.  My daughter gets mezmerized by it.
Tks
happy customer  nice quality--people loved them--very cute
A Small Friend to Read with!  Perfect for my 2 year old grandson!
Perfect condition, sits on my girlfriends desk at work.
Kids love it!
Elmo  Our 20 month old grand-
Wonderfully made and adorable!!
Perfect.
Nice product, great price.
Grandchild Loves it...  At an early age my grandson liked sitting on my lap watching "Winnie the Pooh" on DVD.  I have purchased several of the Pooh characters for him--Piglet is his latest addition.  Now he can watch the DVDs surrounded by some of the same characters--he loves them all.  There are different plush toys for sale, so be sure to look for the ones that look most like the ones in the movie/book.
Great!
Cute toy  Cute toy exactly what I was hoping for. Arrived promptly
Amazing  So cute! Very acurate! My only complaint is that it came a little circle-y it only took a bit of squishing to fix, but it was a bummer that it didn't actually come as a little cube.
My itty bitty Soldier  The cutest little Soldier ever. He is so plush and perfect. Fits perfectly in the palm of my hand. Feels like the bottom has sand in it to weigh him down so he stands up.
Giratina is one of my favorite pokemon so this fits perfectly into my collection  So cute and soft! Giratina is one of my favorite pokemon so this fits perfectly into my collection.
She loved it
perfect for party favors  perfect size for party favors
Love him. Nice size  OMG the face. It's the sweetest thing. Love him. Nice size. Made well & just too cute for words. Only thing...be prepared for the the eyes. They had plastic stuck over them. What's up with that?? Hard to pull off. Aggravating. Otherwise he's adorable.
Baby Zombie  My son is very into Minecraft so I got this for his birthday. He loves it!
Looks EXACTLY like the photo  Small.  Looks EXACTLY like the photo.  Also a perfect waste of money...!  lol.  Who uses this stuff?  Present for daughter...ignored after the first 5 minutes...ah well.
Pikachu is very snuggly. When my husband goes away, I use him as a cuddle buddy, and if I forget to put him away when my husband comes back, I will catch him stealing him in his sleep to cuddle with too.
So cute
Happy Customer  Absolutely amazing! It looks brand new (better than described!) Shipping was fast. I'm so happy with this purchase. Thank you.
Kennys my favorite mane 4 character
Item arrived as described! thank you!
I love these slippers. Perfect for cold night destructive kitchen raids.
love it
Fab  Excellent toy, just as described!
Unusual but well received purchase  My granddaughter has most varieties of stuffed animals.  She was delighted with the snake
For the hamrock collection  Looks very cute. i am very satisfied with this buy. i did not expected it to have a nice quality and great texture. Glad to add this up on th hamrock collection
So cute!  Came nicely packaged. The characters actually look like the movie. Nicely packaged. Can't wait to give this to my kids on Christmas with the rest of the inside out gang. Perfect size for little hands.
perfect
Beautiful doll!
Toys - not just for kids!  Love the Little Thinker Collection! I am collecting them for my college aged daughter and myself. Not sure an average child would be interested much, but for the musical child, yes, this would make a great gift. Mozart has a music box inside that we love. Might make for limited play for a child, but for us grownups, it's fabulous!
My husband's role model  My husband is a big time manager and Dumbo is one of his role models. If you think you can do it .....you can!! He keeps it on his desk in his office as a reminder of the mantra.
Daughter loved it!
Lagoona Monster High soft doll  Brought this for my daughter and had it shipped over to the UK. Worked out so much cheaper (even with tax, import charges and shipping charges). Really fast shipping, came sealed in a bag inside the box and was perfect. My daughter loves this doll. Would highly recommend for any Monster High fan.
Excelent  Good product
Very happy with this cute doll,and the great service from the seller. Thank you!
Its very cute and keeps my son occupied.  Anyone with a 20month old understands how hard that is.
great gift  Big hit with both kds and adults.... great gift
awesome  It looked awesome. the colors were so bright. my son loved it, it became his new fave stuffie.
My granddaughter loves him!!!
very good quality
cute  I'm not a little kid but I loved Inside Out especially Sadness, so I got her and her hair is blue and sparkly and she has cute little slippers. If my neices loved this movie more this would be a perfect xmas gift
i love it! :)
Large and awesome!  HUGE! We love them.
Nice toy my kid like it.
Great product  My son immediately recognised it from the movie and likes it very much. It has survived one day of rough treatment. Time will determine how durable it is.
Its adorable and really lovely
recommend  Love this! My son never really sat in it to play but it's great for holding small toys and he does lay on it too
nice  My son sleeps with it every night. Soft, nice quality
Love the Sailor Moon Plush  The item came to me new and unused just like I expected it. It is a great toy to have.
Great toy for kids who like buckles.  This can keep toddlers entertained for ages.
Bright and colorful  Bought this for a young girls birthday.  She was very happy.  Soft and plush.
My son loves this mine craft plush!
Baby's Best Friend  My son is now almost 2 and is inseparable from his 'Nih-no' - we have bought two and he lost one a month ago but we thankfully had the backup. Unfortunately, he lost rhino number 2 today. We are heartbroken and will likely purchase a 4th (grandma has one at her house too). This is an amazing item that brings my child great comfort and security. It is the perfect size for a baby to cuddle and asthma friendly. If you are thinking of getting a 'lovie' favorite stuffed animal that your child will love and grow attached to, stop your search here and purchase this one.
My son loves his Elmo!  This Elmo plush is the perfect size for my 2 year old. I purchased this as a birthday gift for him in December since he loves Elmo and Sesame Street so much! He also got new bedding, so I knew this stuffed animal would be the perfect companion for him every night.  Elmo doesn't just stay in bed though. My son tucks him under his arm and carries him around the house. He gets to go on car rides often too! The plush is well constructed and we haven't had any problems with tears or anything...even with him being dragged around by a toddler. I love that there are no plastic eyes or other parts that could present a choking hazard.
I love Kakashi! I am a huge fan and this was the perfect gift! Thank you Santa! It looks awesome and is only the beginning of my Naruto collection.
Flounder plush review  This is a great plush. It came on time and was package well. I am a big fan of the little mermaid movie, this is a great gift for children who love Ariel. I would order again from this seller.
I love the Sailor Moon dolls that sit on my desk at work. I order a new one every month.
TINKER Bell  Love the doll. Just wish she had hair like the little tinker bell does. Other then that she is great. Came to me earlier then expected,which is great too.
she loves it
arrived on time and recipient loves it
Good quality no problems.
Great product....Exactly what I wanted
Super Soft Plush Platypus  super soft!
Cute cute cute
Its nice  I am no fan of ms piggy but the quality was great. The hair wasn't coming out either, so that's an added plus for sure
Pretty darn cute. A bit cheesy but for the price I expected that. Still think it's adorable ^_^
A++
My son loves it.
Minne Mouse plush doll good quality  This item was exactly as described, new with tags and officially Disney. It is very soft. I purchased this as a Christmas gift.
Teaching people about how mammals attach  Adorable. This is a working mom and child fox for my therapy office.
Love it...
I love it  Great plush!
Perfect  This was adorable for my daughters one year old princess picture. The beast was about her size and is in great condition. Really quality looking.
Nice Gift for collector  Excellent gift for my wife who loves Asterix & Obelix
I love it  It a good size for the money I pasi and my son loves it. The quality of the material is also very good.
feels like a quality stuffed mike  It's freakin' Mike Wazowski!!!...and yes, soft, durable, feels like a quality stuffed mike. Daughter had to use it for her "Boo" halloween costume since getting your hands on the little mikey that boo carried is nearly impossible, unless you want to drop some big bucks.
I buy this calendar every year. Couldn't find it in the store, so ordered from Amazon. Works perfectly for me.
The recipient loved it.  Bought it as a gift, The recipient loved it.
Just what we wanted.  Cute and well constructed.  Small, but perfect size for our 11 month old.
Bought this for my niece and she loves it.
My daughter loves it!
Adorable - just love it
She is cute and is as described on Amazon. Good price. Prompt delivery. Can't wait to give as a gift.
Nice  Nice and sturdy.  Good quality paper.  Pricing not bad.
great toy for the Grandkid
My granddaughter loves it
Cute!  This Nemo was perfect! My granddaughter loved it!
Great for a Plane Ride With a Toddler  This has come in handy on plane rides.  It kept my 18 month old busy for over 30 minutes! Even now at two he'll play with it.  It's held up great and it's super cute.  I'll warn that it is difficult for a young child to hook and unhook and therfore is frustrating but with a little help from mom or dad it's sure to keep your little one busy.
my mother absolutely loved this as her birthday gift :)
My granddaughter loved the stretchkin unicorn.
It was way better than I thought. Best one
Awesome toy but a little to big for my son
So cute, but the size actually is smaller than it looks like on the picture.  So cute, but the size actually is smaller than it looks like on the picture.  It is made in China.  Buy it soon, otherwise maybe you will experience a price-up.
Grandson love it
Bought these for my little cousin who loves them.  Exactly as described.  Purchased along with other 6" plush figures to obtain the set.
Thank you  thank you so much this is perfect i just love it and great for a birth day gift cant wait to give it to my friend. Also I have a question my order form says SHIP VIA: FIRST CLASS-RECTANGULAR PARCEL
Very soft  My son loves this Pokmon. Its kind of small but its a good size for my son who is 3 years old. And it is very soft.
Great toy  I ordered Eeyore for my daughter's birthday. She's a big fan of all things Winnie the Pooh. It met my expectations, I'm sure it will meet hers.
Exactly as promised
loved this.. great quality
Great Gift!  My niece absolutely loves this!  She just turned 5 years old and is really enamored with anything related to Frozen.
So cute and soft!
very cute  The Kuromi is bigger than I expected and I'm very pleased. My daughter will be ecstatic on Christmas. She loves Kuromi and can never find things in our area.
Our favorite Bubble Guppies character!
Cute  Great quality and lovable , cute ! Just the right size!
) love  :) love it
Tsum-Tsum  Cute little fellow. Good quality materials, well made.
Love it
GRRRREAT
Perfect gift  A super gift for my Grandchild who loves Toy Story. Very well constructed and very colorful
I'm the person who wrote the bad review without actually buying the product  hey... I'm the person who wrote the bad review without actually buying the product. I feel terrible about my actions, and according to the other reviews, it's actually a well-made plush. To repay for my actions, I have now bought one for myself. I haven't received it yet, but I'm sure the quality will be far beyond all I said about it.  sincerest apologies, McKenna
Great gift idea.  This was a great gift for a toddler. My daughter has one and loves it. They are about the same size as a toddler and can stretch. I have not used the video to see what type of dancing/exercising they do. I like that it is unique and everybody loves unicorns.
Very cute!!!
great
Lovely!  This is a simple and basic design, available from many companies.  But, I really like this one.  It seems well made and is attractive.  But, most of all it is comfortable for my cats.  They really love using it!  From one to four cats is on it at any given time, as they pile onto it together. I am not sure why it is so special for them, but I already bought a "back up" for when they ruin this one!  There have been a couple of vomiting issues from the lazy ones already, and it spot cleaned real well.  So, I would highly recommend this bed.
He is great.
My Granddaughter LOVED this thing.  Very soft.
Happy with purchase.
Fabulous toy  Love it. Great quality very festive.
Love our Olaf!  My daughter asked for Olaf for Christmas last year, and almost a year later, this is still her favorite stuffed animal (out of many).  He is truly adorable.  My favorite part is his neck is just wobbly enough that he naturally stares off into the distance (obviously dreaming about summer).  If you have a child who loves Frozen, they will love, love this Olaf!
super soft, super cute  super soft, super cute, and pretty lifelike looking compared to a lot of the other plushies. got it for my otter obsessed friend and she went bonkers. thanks!
Pokemon + Chinchilla = LOVE!!  We love Pokemon and we love chinchillas so we are very happy with this product! Super cute!! Not as cute as Togepi though!
great toy
Well made and very soft for a little person to hold onto
Excellent!
Who Doesn't like Emojis? These are adorable!  I saw these in McDonald's and couldn't help but get the whole set. They're adorable and nicely packaged too.
... it for a gift for a boyfriend and I loved it!  Bought it for a gift for a boyfriend and I loved it!
Bought this for my Girlfriend on Valentines day, she loves it!
Get this if your kid likes minecraft
You don't have to feed it.  Lol.  It looks so realistic.  Great job.  My grandson will be happy to receive it.
So cute!  I love this little Natsu plusher! But his scarf was grey and they forgot the fairy tail symbol. Other then that... SO KAWAII!!!
so cute!  Absolutely mind numbingly adorable! I used them for my Ewok themed mobile for our nursery. Cutest things ever!
Perfect size for my twin toddlers!  I purchased two of these Elmos for my twin toddlers.  They love watching Sesame Street and Elmo, so I decided to look for a soft, plush Elmo for them.  I looked at many different Elmos, but liked this one the best! My boys sometimes like to chew on his eyes and this one has soft eyes, so I don't have to worry about pieces of plastic breaking off! This is the perfect size for them to carry around and snuggle with in their crib! These Elmos had the Gund tag on them.  One thing that was important to me when purchasing a plush Elmo for my boys was that I wanted to be able to easily wash them.  These have been washed several times so far, and they still look great! I am so glad that I purchased these Elmos for my boys!
So cute  I love Domo so much and he is so cute-looks great in my collection. Little bow tie and glasses are adorable.
Nice and very soft! Kids loved it!
Story book friend come to life  Who doesn'the love Mouse? Soft lovey who delighted my young son.
Adoreable!  I got this for my preschooler who is just in love with Pokemon, and with Dedenne in particular. She absolutely loves it! It's actually bigger than I expected it to be and it's good quality. We are very happy with it!
love it!  cute! easy to wear. super fast shipping. great halloween costume. well made hat for adults. a bit big for kids but can stuff.
Good  Comes as expected. Holds up
nephew was happy camper
Great product for great price!
Nice toy
Cute as hell, and I have to keep it away from my dog who loves it too  Makes me laugh.
Adorable and tiny  The person in the picture for this bird has very small hands. This bird is maybe 2 inches tall, if that. It's little bitty. However I love how small it is, and it's super adorable. Gave it to a friend as a Christmas gift and he loves it. 10/10, would order again.
Great toy for kids who like to work with their hands.  This toy has kept my 18 month old grand daughter busy for hours as she does and undoes the "bupples".
I think my granddaughter will like her.  Arrived on time , wished she was little larger but she is very cute. I think my granddaughter will like her...
Best & Great Product ********
Wonderful seller and amazing toy!!!  This was not supposed to arrive until December 27 th but it came amazingly early and my daughter LOVES IT!!! Came with a cute little koala clip as well!!
Lovely
LOVE!!!
Cute and soft  Really cute and soft. Highly recommended.
Cutest plushie! My son loves it!
Just received my kids love them thank you
its was super cute ^-^
Love it!!
... a gift for a book shower for my 1st great grandchild.  I got this to give along with a book called "How do Dinosaurs Say Goodnight"  to give as a gift for a book shower for my 1st great grandchild.
My grandson will love this!
This musical bear provided my great grandson with hours of amusement and was a great security toy.
Perfect!  This is so adorable and my kiddo loved it! He wants more. My daughter has the red panda by the same company and they are both well-loved and brought everywhere,
bigger than I thought  very cute. My child was very happy with her. Her eyes are really big. She looks just like the picture. She has soft hair.
Excellent  Bought for my sons 1st birthday party - Monsters Inc/University themed party.  Excellent quality - he loves it and it will be a perfect addition for his party.
My daughter had a heart attack over this little bird!
Great buy for any Pok&eacute;mon fan  My son is delighted with this toy!  It is soft and well constructed. I was a little skeptical that it wouldn't be very good quality but it has surpassed our expectations.
Fun little clips most kids will enjoy.  For the price these are great!  They look just like the picture and my daughter loves to clip them to her backpack.
It goes great with the Carl the Rottweiler books  Our niece loves this! It goes great with the Carl the Rottweiler books!
Very cute, get him.  LOOK at how tiny he is.  I bought him and Rey. When I'm done making them kiss, I prop them up next to their 6 inch figures. Little baby Kylo stands next to 6 inch Rey and little baby Rey stands next to Big Kylo.
Very cute and well made Elmo  We got this Elmo for our daughter on her 2nd birthday and both she and I are impressed by it. It is well made, cute, and nicely weighted with a perfect ratio of stuffing and beans. We both found the tag to be distracting so I ended up cutting it off. It was bright green and about as long as elmo is wide. I use a small pair of scissors and carefully cut as close as possible to Elmo, leaving behind absolutely no evidence that a tag was ever there. This Elmo is definitely one of my daughter's favorite stuffed animals and is well worth the money.
Olaf  Made my Grandaughter happy, that made me happy !
Extremely soft and true to size.
I love it!
Cute Elmo!  Cute toy. Purchased for one year old. He loves it and laughs every time we squeeze Elmo.
Adorable!  Very cute plushie. I gave it to my friend as a gift. It's very soft and not made of cheap material. It's stuffed well, and the feet are well padded and sturdy so it actually stands well too, unlike a lot of other plushies that are top heavy. I would definitely recommend it.
Bigger than what we thought.
Bought for a road trip. 2 year old loves it. Zipper part has a small space inside.
great eeyore  I got this for my great grandaughter cause she loves Winnie the Pooh and likes pretending with them. She has several winnie the pooh books and likes interacting with them and her stuffed animals. This is such a wonderful eeyore so soft and plush. Just the right size for my great grandaughter who is 2yrs old to hold and cuddle.
Exceeded Expectations!  He's about the same size as Sully, his fur is SOFT, like really SOFT. The sock on the back is a ice touch in keeping with the film. I'm in Canada and had to order from Amazon.com (instead of Amazon.ca) and tracking info said he'd be delivered Tuesday, November 3. I guess Friday is the new Tuesday because George was just delivered today, Oct. 30. I am always blown away by Amazons shipping speed.  Super impressed with the product- buy it, you won't be disappointed. My 3 year old is going to freak out Christmas morning.
Excellent!  Excellent Quality and Value!
I normally don't write reviews, but I am for this one. The "Easter Bunny" brought Charmander to my daughter along with other various Pokemon. She LOVES Charmander. She carries him everywhere. Literally everywhere. Yes. He is small. This is not a big toy. But he is very cute, and my 5 year old LOVES him.
Grandson most pleased  - to me it is not attractive, but I am not 5 northe recipient.  Actually, as I did not receive this I am not qualified. I understand all were pleasedin Lake Almanor, which is what matters.
Cuddly Ariel  This soft doll is perfect for night-time cuddling. We are teaching our 3 year old how to play pretend, and the first imaginary friend she came up with was Ariel. When I saw this on Amazon, I knew it would be a hit!
adorable  Adorable.  I recommend it.  Exactly what my toddler daughter wanted.  Cute, soft, fluffy, and will bring a smile to your little ones face.
Sven  I thought he was really sturdy and high quality. He is being played with every day and is wonderful. Nice fur super cute.
good
How can a toddler mum go wrong with purchase of Elmo :) My kid loves this, its a medium sized plush toy that's appropriate for our then 11 month old baby. I like how it is designed that it can sit and wouldn't fall down constantly.
Cute!  Lactobactillus Acidophilus is so cute and fuzzy. Very friendly too. He's just a "regular" guy that keeps things *ahem* in check. What should I name him?
Adorable and Incredible!  It looks absolutely adorable and it does follow closely to the one from the original cartoon. Definitely made the right call in getting it this week. I can't wait to carry this around with me for Anime Boston coming up this April. :)
Bought this as a gift for nephew.  He loves it.  Big hit!
Perfect gift
She loved it.  Named it "Lel," short for "L'elephant."
Great toy!  My daughter loves Elmo! Great toy!
granddaughter loves her
It s perfect for our 4 years daugther she loves peppa the pig
great buy  Very nice, great quality Assistant Mayor Bellwether doll.  Love it.
Cute and big
So cute, soft, and squishable!  My 5 month old loves it.
thx
Love it!  Super cute! Good quality for a good price!
Cute! Fast shipping!  Cute!  Fast shipping!
Amazon to the rescue!  Great quality jimney cricket. We couldn't find a jimney cricket in Disney World for our grandson so I ordered it off amazon! Nice plush stuffed animal. Just the right size for a toddler.
Versatile toy  My nephew was really happy playing with this space shuttle. The kids can play with it or use it to decorate a room, bed, etc.
So soft!  This is sooooo soft and cuddly, so cute also, my granddaughter is 2 and 1/2 and just loves Cindy Lou Who!
Great  This is great for a toddler that learning potty traing skills it teaches them the concept of going to the bathroom on there own.
This little guy is so adorable. Good quality.
arrived on time and recipient loved it
Beautiful dolls
Perfect Cuddle Bud  He's about the size of a cantaloupe in the body. Soft plush.  My son loves him.  It's his bed time buddy.  Why more can you ask from a plush snorlax?
Asuna <3!  Loved the plush! It was adorable! Thank you! It will be added to my other plush dolls! Thank you so much.
Happy nephew!  Purchased as a Christmas gift for my nephew.  He LOVED it!!
We love  My son has been playing with these dolls daily for 3 months. We love them
great
... as I expected the product to feel and look like. Small  Exactly as I expected the product to feel and look like. Small, plush, and cute. My wife and daughter love them.  Thank you.
Awesome critter  Very interesting buy, very happy with it.  Would recommend to any lover of snakes or stuffed critters.  Larger than life!
Very nice waddle dee.  Love this plush. Great quality.
Bought for s gift and was loved. They were amazing.
My grandsons love anything Minecraft.  Good to have a variety of products.
Quality  Quality stuffed animal. Bought this for my nephew who I do not see often. I have a black lab that he adores. So when I gave this stuffed animal to him, he was full of happiness.
My grandson loved this toy.
Kids love these thinngs.  Great price for these guys. Purchased these to give out to her friends for Christmas. All the kids loved them. They hang them on their backpacks.
My son really loved this.  It is huge compared to his other minecraft stuffed animals, which you would expect from a dragon.
Happy  He came on time and ready to play with,  My son is real enjoying his brawlin' buddy and that makes me very happy
super soft  Ariel's hair is super soft and her mermaid tail is gorgeous and sparkling. My four-year-old loves this to sleep with.
Very cute!  Very good quality and a great price. I used the plush to make valentines day baskets for both of my sons. :-)
My niece love it.  Exactly what I was looking for! My niece love it.
Wow!!!  I have just received my mini Jirachi plush. I am in love with it. The quality is amazing and the plush is super soft. I'm not sure if you've seen the current model for the Jirachi plush, but it's the one with the pink tongue. Having received this plush it by far excels the current model. There is only a insignificant stitching error on Jirachi's embroidered third eye ( true eye) it's the right side is a little off from the left side of the eye. Jirachi is my favorite Pokemon, and I recommend this plush to any Pokemon collector, fan, or just wants it. I ordered it on Sunday and received it today. Very fast shipping. Now, it is a MINI plush! It's about six and a half inches from head tip to legs. And about nine and a half from wing tip to wing tip. It's small, but it's amazing!
My daughter loves them all. Decent size.
great for 2 year old and up  well made, soft and cuddly. great for 2 year old and up. excellent customer service.
Awesome Dragon plush, Best pokemon plush at the moment.  The Wings are flexible and can bend as desired. No one has said anything about it so i thought i say how awesome it is. Exactly as pictured! genuine product from pokemon center store with no mistakes and looks ferociously cuddly.
Probably the Cutest thing ever  This is exactly what I needed for my Nephews Birthday. Its cute, cuddly and sounds just like Chewbacca. Buy this and make a Star Wars geeks day!
so stinkin cute!  Love this Morton! He's so cute!  Neither the picture,  nor his image in the game,  do this handsome fella any justice!
Love it
Jingle  My boys LOVE this elf!  I wrapped him up and my amazing post lady was nice enough to deliver it to my boys from "Santa "  quality is great is! Seller shipped super fast..  and even included a little suitcase with clothes in it!  Which I was not expecting so was very happy about!  Great seller!  Thank you
Love It  I bought this as a gift for an Archer fan. For some reason he did not want his 3 year old daughter to see or play with this doll. He did not give a reason but I suspect it was because he did not want it ruined. It could have been because Archer is holding a gun though. If you have a concern, it's not loaded.
Kids love this. It's in my reflection corner in the classroom and it is such a great feelings piece for discussion and self-regulation. I found a cool poster at Michael's to tie it all together. I  added some feelings book,  a  comfy chair and the kids love just sitting and thinking and holding on to a toy and drawing how they feel.
good for any pokemon fan  this plushie is absolutely adorable. its a must have for any pokemon fan and an amazing gift for kids of all age. Its soft, material is strong, and its cute.
Hard to find - great buy  Peppa Pig is very popular right now. I have not found Daddy and Mummy pig in the stores. I bought these stuffed animals for my four year old daughter. She loves all the Peppa pig toys but especially stuffed animals. I was so happy to find these. They came from china so the delivery took a while but that is okay. She is truly very happy with Mummy and Daddy pig to with her collection.  I received these at a discount for my honest and unbiased review.  Thanks!
Super realistic and long.  Love it!
love it
Great experience!
Great stuffed animal!  My daughter loved this!
Lemmy!  I've had this for a couple months now and I still adore the little guy sitting on my computer desk at home. Excellent quality product and glad I bought it.
Nice toy  Shipping was quick. I got this for a friend. Plush is very squishy and tiny. I would recommend this for kids or collectors
MADE A GREAT CHRISTMAS GIFT!!!!  Couldn't find this anywhere at Christmastime. Didn't even attempt to wander aimlessly to all those crowded stores. It was a little more than I wanted to pay for this, but it's Angry Birds and none of those products are cheap.  Best price around!!!! Arrived QUICK!!!!
Very good and cute. My daughter lives it especially songs
So Cute!  This little Hello Kitty doll was perfect for my 4yrs. old granddaughter.  She was so happy to get it.  It is made very well and very sturdy to last through many years of love and hugging!
good buy  great toy !!!! very soft !!! hanging from his hands to his feet 32'' if that helps very good size for the money
Its the perfect size for her at 51/2 months old  The moment my baby saw this blanky she was hooked. She loves to snuggle with it at nap time while she fondles the bunny ears, and its just the thing to send her off to sleep if she's fussy. Its the perfect size for her at 51/2 months old. I am considering getting a back up just in case the first is worn out
EXCELLENT  mY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS VERY PLEASED. ONCE AGAIN, I DO NOT HAVE MORE THAN FIFTEEN WORDS. iTS A NICE TOY NOT THE MONA LISA.
So cute  This guy is very soft and pulshie.  Contains a little patch of sand on the bottom to keep him upright, hilariously.  Pretty great.
Adorable.  Excellent quality. Very soft. Probably the most adorable plush toy I've seen. Highly recommend.
EXTREMELY SATISFIED :)  Cake toppers were brand new, very cute. I loved them, great price. Will order again from this seller. :)
Starwars loving kid  My 12 year old like to cuddle with this and play catch with it.  It is super soft and bigger than I thought it would have been.  It is a great toy.
Quality Product!  I ordered as a birthday gift and was excited to see it was very well made and so soft for little hands! Very cute also!
I WISH THEY WOULD LET ME BUY MORE.
Cute Cute Cute!
Perfect!!!! My nephew loves it.
Love it
As promised.  This little buy is so sweet and cuddly.  Love the colors.
she love it.  It's a gift, she love it.
excellent  Excellent
18 months love putting the buckles together  My grandson, 18 months love putting the buckles together!
Great quality and super soft!
My kiddo loves it!!!
Great product and good experience
Great little friend  Perfect size for our 17 month old granddaughter. Really soft & great for snuggling up to at bedtime.
Adorable Lilo doll  She's a doll!  My daughter LOVED this plush Lilo!  She is well made, and a great size.  She is Disney-made.  I recommend this doll to anyone collecting toys from the movie.
Love these!  Exactly as discribed! Love these!
Lights up my world.  Possibly one of the best little plushie that I've ever bought.  This little guy protects me in my sleep and watches over my kingdom while I'm away.  Will give a stern look to back off or a cute warm inviting stare to welcome.  You will never know.  All I do know is that since this little guy has been a part of my life, evil doers beware.
Is great
great buywill be of interest to any child for a long length of timemy 6 mo old and my 2 yr old both have fun with this.
daughter who is 2 yrs old is happy! The product is soft and looks perfect  Got it today! It was 2 weeks earlier than the expected date, daughter who is 2 yrs old is happy! The product is soft and looks perfect!
Baby Groot is perfect for kids! Seller is awesome!
big hit,  A simple, fun toy with oversize features for inexperienced hands to fumble buttons, snag zippers, velcro velcro, and drop into a mud puddle.  Presto, the dressy kids girl goes thru the washer and dryer, and is reincarnated both clean and still smiling!
Great toy and it is the perfect size for our little guy to give Elmo hugs.
Good quality and Fast Delivery  I loved this!!! It came right on time and was even cuter in person! It seems very sturdy and made well. And for the price listed it was well worth it, only $10 if I remember right. I ended up getting my best friend one as well! We both are obsessed with Tangled and I even look like Rapunzel so now our dreams are complete. Thanks!
Simply Cute!  A must have for any Yoshi fan! I still think it's a bit overpriced, but the adorable Yoshi is my favorite Nintendo character. I couldn't resist!!  This plush is very well made, so have no worries about the quality.
Happy child!
Great Hammerhead  19 year old daughter loves this. It's soft, well made, the colors are gorgeous and you can't beat the price.
Cindy Lou Hoo-ray!  absolutely adorable! Just perfect my own little Cindy Lou Who. Just not sure why she doesn't have the little "antennas" on her head. Otherwise, good quality and sweet.
Perfect bedtime buddy!  Bought this for my grandson's second birthday and it was love at first sight. He hugged Elmo so tight and covered him with kisses. I love the lullaby it plays, just the right soothing sound for a toddler's bedtime, and Elmo talks a bit as well. My grandson sleeps with him in his crib every night. It's a really small doll, which was a bit of a surprise for me, but it's just the right size for a small child. Highly recommend this.
Love it!  This plush is very soft and fluffy. I am very happy and impressed with it. The order came one day early and I was very excited to receive my first Amazon purchase. I will definitely shop with this seller again! :)
Love it, can't complain
Excellent, prompt delivery. Product as specified.
grandson loves it.
BEAUTIFUL!
Came in a timely fashion and my daughter loved it.
Cute Plushie  I really like this Rotom plush.  It's so soft and fluffy.  And it's so cute.  The little felt lightning bolts that shoot out from the sides sometimes get bent, but they're flexible, so they bend right back.
... gift for a 2 year old grandson and he loved it immediately  This was a Christmas gift for a 2 year old grandson and he loved it  immediately.
Better than I imagined.  I bought it as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend and I wasn't sure what to expect about it, specially since I've had some very bad times with ordering plush and toys before.  This one came in without any issue what so ever, it was bigger than I expected but the details and quality of the materials were better than I originally expected.  As for the packing, it came in a plastic bag which is not bad (given the type of item) but this might cause damage if it gets mishandled.
Poppy  :)  Adorable Poppy doll.  My granddaughter loves her Poppy.  Great size - not too big or small.  Good quality.
Love it  Got this for my little granddaughter last year when we went to Nashville. Little did I know what a hit it would be! She drags this little pony with her everywhere and loves the easy to press button that turns on the music. The song it sings over and over is actually less annoying than most and she never gets tired of it.
Foe or Friend?  He'said got wings but you can almost feel the fiery breath coming forth.  He's cute yet you can imagine he's a man eater!  A hero to save a village or one mean beast ready to eat the people he's toasted w/ his breath.  A child can really enjoy this toy.  The price is right & it is small enough to take w/ you & large enough not to get lost too.
Love her!  We are using Snowflake(my kids named her) as our "Elf on the Shelf". My kids love her and asked a million questions about her clothes and shoes :) Thanks for the fast delivery!
Was looking for time bomb this is great!  Very soft to pass back and forth to little preschoolers just what I needed! We have already had lots of fun
Love Poupee!  My little niece loved it, takes it everywhere and her name is Poupee!
Cute  My daughter loves this. We bough it as part of her Easter gift and she still cuddles it months later. It is good quality, small but cute.
Welcome Fea Bea to your home  I love Ugly Dolls. And before Amazon I had never seen a Fea Bea or "Ugly Stick". At first I had an order for a large yellow one but that got cancelled. So for the same price I got this smaller blue one. He matches my bedding and is a whole new color for my Ugly collection <3
Love it. Loads if fun for our daughter  Big, in comparison to the pillow version of it. Fluffy, soft. Colorful and our daughter is in love with it.
Furby boom rocks!  This toy is A lot of fun! Just what my daughter wanted:) played with it all Christmas Day and still going.
Perfect present for a toddler!!
Awesome deal grandson loves it
Great made dolls. My 5 year old loves them.
Better priced than separately in the store  My son loves them!  Better priced than separately in the store.
These are the perfect size for a young child.  My 2yr old grand daughter takes them everywhere.
Gift for our Granddaughter she loves him, very durable going strong!
We love the Disney Princess Dolls!  Great quality, especially when being dragged from event to event, in the back of the car, lost at various restaurants, and stuffed into a backpack upside down. Aurora doesn't seem to mind, and nary a hair is out of place. Of course, she does keep losing her shoes, and I'm trying to figure out why I have 5 of them in my purse, but that's a small price to pay.
Very good quality, I got it earlier then the exptected arrival date.
I love the amazing world of gumball  I waited 8 years for this. It's so cool
Great product
Love Groot!  Very cute, great quality...would buy again!
If you have a toddler and especially if you are traveling with said toddler, this is a must! Occupied my son for quite some time on a recent cross-US flight.
kids love it
snuggly and perfect!  Soft, snuggly and perfect!
Plant vs zombies plush  Was a birthday gift for my nephew he loved it.
Just Precious!!!  I just received PRINCESS in the mail. This is the cutest, softest and most precious puppy ever! Her pink hair is sooo soft and you can really comb it with the included comb! You willl absolutely love this adorable pink puppy!
Comfortable slippers  Very comfortable I wear size 9mens and they fit just fine
So adorable!! My daughters name is Wren and she is going to love this!! I'm putting it in her Easter basket!!
Smaller than I thought, but my son loves it and that is what I wanted.
Great gift for any turtle lover  I love it! It is surprisingly realistic for a stuffed animal, but that was just what I wanted. My boyfriend has always loved reptiles and amphibians, and he had always wanted a box turtle a pet but could never have one. Thankfully, I managed to find this just before he went off to college and gave it to him as a going away gift. He absolutely loves it and sleeps with it every night. I'm very glad I purchased this turtle :-)
Perfect size toy for my nephew! He's a huge Rilakkuma fan and plays with it often!
perfect for that in between toddler  My son loves this toy, perfect for  that in between toddler age
Very happy with it.
So cute !
So soft and cuddly! Must have for elephant lovers!
We love Ed and were excited to find the tsum tsum here. Looks perfect!
Everyone loves elmo!  Adorable! Got a great price on Amazon. Ordered two for Christmas. one for my baby and one for her little friend :) My daughter is mesmerized by Elmo. It's so cute.
good quality excellent product. son loves them.
Super soft and super cute
Lovable Princess Poppy  Princess Poppy is so cute! I love her, and she will make me smile when I hug her. Girls can buy this plush doll, and they will love Poppy like I do.
cute gitf  Gave this as a gift.  My person a gave it too loved it.  She thought it was super cute.  Product was a good size and material seems strong.
Excellent product  The plush arrived quickly and it's absolutely marvelous! The material is very soft, the stitching is clean and symmetrical, and it looks and feels great to snuggle up with. I believe that it's rather close to "life-size" of this Pokmon, which in itself is a neat feature. With the more stylized body/head shape, it might not be an ideal cosplay item or anything, but it sure makes a great plushie to curl up with.
excellent  came ahead of schedule and was exactly what they described it to be  my child loves it and sleeps with it every night
Worth the money !  This was adorable and my grandson was ecstatic !  His sister was envious.
good for a modest price  Large and cute, good for a modest price. Its antenna hangs down loosely.
Zach's birthday present and he said he woves it I mean loves it.
Granddaughter loved it
Great Star Wars Collectible  Got Stitch at Star Wars Weekends as he was a new for 2015 to add to my already large collection of Disney Star Wars Items.  He is extremely cute dressed up as Master Yoda.  This picture does this plush doll no justice.  Stitch is very vibrant and his Jedi cape is brown as it should be.  He is 9" tall and is just a great Star Wars Souvenir for any Yoda or Stitch Fans
Better than I thought  Soft, adorable, and had a metal line inside him so he can bend. Lowly was part of my childhood and I'm very happy to have found a fantastic plushie of him.
its fine  good size, good color, and its cute, my wife love it , to put in the babys bed. it was a good choice. and u can combined with "S. S. Noah Plush Monkeys - Momo & Mimi"
Her head is kind if heavy she always falls over.
Great they are a life saver
Most accurate Plants vs Zombies toys  The little guys wanted this from Santa Claus.  Very well made and most accurate to the game characters.
High quality doll  Very nice doll all around.  High quality workmanship, good quality clothing, great hair.  My great niece has a couple of other of the Disney dolls in this same collection and this one is as nice as the others...
So handsome and fluffy!  My daughter loves her Angry Birds plush.  She has several, and I have noticed they are very well-made.  Some stuffed animals are so poorly sewn, they soon develop holes or loose threads..  This, and all of her other Angry Birds plushes, are holding up just fine.
I love Natsu, I just think him in plush form looks a bit weird. Still love it though. His hair is sharp so don't try to rub your face in it or something.
Great present!!!  Great plush for my daughter, she loved it
Everything went well
super cute toy  super cute toy, washable not bleeding color and makes rattle noise my baby is to young to play with it but it looks safe no parts that can be swallowed
Nice  Very cute. Just what I wanted
Perfect!
Favorite toy.  My 1 year old is obsessed with this toy.  It's been an even bigger hit than I had anticipated. I bought it after I noticed that she was extremely interested in the buckles on her highchair and her stroller. I wanted to encourage her hand/eye coordination.  As soon as I took that way out of the box she immediately gravitated towards it. The first day she could do the easiest to buckles by herself, although they took her quite some time, but now that we've had it for about a month she can do all the buckles and feel such a sense of pride when she gets them altogether.  Then she hands it to me to undo and starts all over again!  The toy is very well made and high quality.  I admit, was wary of the price but so glad I bought it.
My daughter loves it!! the bright and cheerful colors and all the buckles keeps her busy for hours!
She loved it!  It was just what the doctor ordered for my sick granddaughter! She loved it!
fast delivery good price
A charming little plush from the STAR WARS saga. The wide feet allows for display, but for those with little ones the exquisitely soft microfiber makes for a rich texture suitable for hugging. Most people cannot keep their grabby mitts from it, and that's just the way it should be.
Smaller than expected, but my daughter loves it  My daughter carries this Zuma with her everywhere. I thought it was going to be larger (based on the price), but I admit that I was happy to find Zuma at all and probably didn't look at the size. But regardless of the size, my daughter loves it!
Shipped fast. Item was as described
love the set  Incredibly soft, love the set.
Wonderful Gift!  This was a Birthday present from my eldest daughter to my youngest daughter. She was very pleased with it! Thanks.
Well made and the kids love it.  Very cute stuffed Pluto.  Well made and the kids love it.
As a gift, it was a hit  My granddaughter loved it.
Great quality. My son loves it!
Awesome
Absolutely adorable!  This little mermaid doll is high quality and perfect for my one year old niece! The doll is perfect size for her small hands to carry around and soft so she shouldn't get hurt if she falls or bumps into anything with it. It's very colorful and lovely sure to be one of her favorites.
Fun for car shows  This is a fun little character and gets attention. I use it with other despicable me characters when I show my car. It always makes the kids and parents smile. I actually have to put it on the roof so it doesn't run off with an admirer.
Adorable  Cute he is.
Pretty little kitty  This was a perfect little something for my granddaughter.  She loves Hello Kitty
Buckling Up!  Our 18 month old is infatuated with this toy. Her look of determination when she works with the buckles is so funny.  She's managed to get several worked through and I hide a treat in the zippered mouth for her to be rewarded for her hard work.  Great toy!
She thinks it's cool looking! Lol  My daughter likes that it can be clipped on her backpack and be seen by everyone! She thinks it's cool looking! Lol! Kids!
Great gift  Grandaugter loved it! Soft  & cuddly!
Learn Problem solving skills  My son love to play with it
Very soft touch
It's perfect for our little boys nursery  So fluffy and soft! It's perfect for our little boys nursery!!
My grandson loves it!
FAST SHIPPING and very CUTE!!  FAST SHIPPING took only 13 days to come from China to New Mexico!! I loved it!! Its so cute!! A Naruto fan must have!!
Great deal!  While all the plushies I ordered to a few weeks to arrive, I did receive them by Christmas Eve as promised! They are soft and nicely made with excellent materials. Well worth the wait!
Yes, more Heltalia junk.
Gift
Great Tool  This has come in handy so many times.  I love that it ratchets when you want it to, and will work at many angles.  Also, the feature of all of the attachments are stored safely INSIDE of the screwdriver will prevent a loss of parts.  This is now the ONLY screwdriver I keep in my house.  Thank you Smith and Wesson!
My toddler loved this item
nice gift item.
I bought this as a new baby gift for my daughter. My first grandson. It's perfect in size and a toy he will enjoy for a long time. It makes the most adorable sheep sounds. It's soft and fluffy and perfect for cuddling with no hard parts or pieces to fall off or cause baby to choke. Highly recommended.
cute little ciel  I bought him along with Sebastian same with Sebastian I highly recommend them.
Just the right topper for Santa stocking  My Mario addicted loved that Santa bought him the Luigi Fox this year to go with his Racoon Mario from last year.  Great quality, stands up to my 8 yr old dragging It around everywhere LOL.  Well made, cute, soft...fit our needs perfectly.  Would buy again.
Good detail.  Just as stated. Good detail.
Love!
A tigger to hug  Very nice plush from the Disney Store. This plush matches the ones displayed in 2011 Winnie the Pooh exactly. If you look at the credits at the end of the movie they say "toys provided by the Disney Story". Our little one loves it.
Great plushie!  Great quality for the price.
BIG GATOR!  Ok so my 3 year old LOVES Gator Boys and Swamp People. So I thought I would buy him a huge Alligator who he has now named Leather-head (from the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon) anyways for the price this thing is amazing! It isn't too big because 1/3 of him is his tail... but honestly- he is big enough. Good quality too.  Well worth what I paid.
ODDISH!!!!!  gave it to my cousin for chistmas and she loves him. Named him Benjamin and they are besties!!!
Fast service just as expected thank you!
Excellent purchase!
Blond and Cute  This Deidara plushie is so adorable. His nice features include soft felt blond hair, long fringed bang over one eye, stuffed ponytail, headband, blue eye, scope, cute grin, kanji ring, miniature Akatsuki cloak with clouds, stirrup socks, loop atop his head for hanging up. He's 9 inches tall at the head, 12 inches at top of the ponytail. Huggable and so lovable.
Cute  These are so cute and soft. My kids love them.
Our son loved the attention to detail, including the colors! Great job and faster than expected delivery.
As expected  My grandson loves this movie, and this was a big hit at Christmas.
She loved it. Absolutely no regrets.
Best Plushie I've ever had  Best Plushie I've ever had.. Good details, nice fabric - very soft! easy to clean. It's now in use for 1 Month 24/7 and it's still in very good condition.
Was as expected
Great!  My child loves it! Interaction with the app is great! It is very cute how much it interacts with her.
Arrived when it was supposed to and its perfect!
nice job!!
Granddaughter loved it.
What an awesome DJ Suki doll!  My three year old loves this doll - it says several different lines from the Trolls movie and the hair is so easy to brush!
Very cute kitty!  Great addition to my beanie boos collection!
She loved it.  Purchased for preteen who is really into everything Pusheen.  She loved it.
Made to last  I bought one of these used which is estimated to be made in the early 70's if not earlier.  Most of the paint is gone and the tool has most certainly seen decades of heavy professional usage.  With a little cleaning up, its usability is as good as new.  This is a high quality tool and I plan on putting it through many more years of service.  All I need now is some new blades.
Happy Pok&eacute;mon lover  My 10 year old Pok&eacute;mon lover loves it!! Very nice quality good size and soft
LOVE BIRDS  I purchased this bird for my preschool class. We are the "Sweet Tweets" and do a bird unit.  The kids LOVED this little bird and so did their teacher.  :-)
loved it  great toy bought as a gift for my 6 yr old nephew he still playing with it a year later. i would recomend it.
Ridiculously fluffy. Can balance itself quite well on it's feet. Very very soft. A small note however, it has lost a small bit of hairs initially from the mane, but it seems to have stopped.
Plush M&M as described.
As described  Cute, as described and just what we were looking for at this time.  Not large, not too small just right for a young girl to play with.
Cute  Great little stuffed toys for Peppa Pig lover kids. Had two kids, two pigs. Held up fine til the dog chewed off an ear but could not really take off a star for that!
Zach's birthday present and he said he woves it I mean loves it.
Darling but it is small.
Great stuffed animal  My two yr old loves it and takes it everywhere. Very soft and great for kids. Big enough to snuggle and small enough to carry.
Like this type of interaction story reading.  Love this.  Great quality and a cute story.  Grandkids love it.
Worth buying  My girlfriend's grandson love it!
Love it.
My sons loves it!
Super Soft and Oh So Cute!  These dinosaurs are the softest stuffed animals which are perfect for cuddling! Cute and sturdy enough to display on a shelf. It was love at first sight and I just had to buy all 3 colors (blue, orange, and turquoise) so they can be loved on for many years.
Cute  Very cute, came in less time than anticipated
Best Lion Stuffed Animal  This is the coolest lion stuffed animal ever! My kids love it. It's really well made and beautiful. It's a nice size, not too big or too small. Good for snuggling.
Fun Link plush  With Smash Bros now on Wii U and 3DS, there is merchandise on the characters of the game being sold like crazy. This plush, along with others like Mario, Pikachu, Yoshi, Kirby, Mega Man, Sonic and Pac-Man can be great gifts for your child who loves the characters or any fan of the series as well.
Daughter LOVES her Strechkin  I got this for my daughter as she had seen it in a store and wanted it for her birthday. She LOVES it. She dances around with her Stretchkin all over the house singing and having a grand ol' time. Music DVD that comes with it is cheesy, but right up my 5 yr olds alley and she couldn't be more pleased.  EDIT: We have had this thing about 10 months now and it still is holding up well. No tears, rips, lost hair or anything. The elastic on the hands and legs (that my daughter slips her hands and feet into) has stretched out a little, but otherwise has held up just as new and is still being played with regularly.
My baby loves it  This is so cute and soft and cuddly.  Love that it is organic.  My daughter is 5 months old and enjoys playing with her.
Son loved it.
Perfect match and perfect to complete my plushie collection.
Cuts great and has so many options  The Sizzix dies by Tim Holtz are my favorite cutting dies for my Big Shot cutting-and-embossing machine.  They're thick, sturdy, and sharp enough to cut through thin metal and wood in addition to the usual paper and cardstock.  With this "Hardware Findings" die, I've used both metal and heavy cardstock.  With the metal cut-outs, I used different rusting techniques which looked great.  I used a random "bumpy" patterned embossing folder on the cardstock cut-outs and then used some painting techniques to age the "hardware."  A bit of crackle-finish jazzed them up even more.  Compared to the regular retail price, this is a good price for the Bigz dies, especially with Amazon Prime's 2-day free shipping.  For many of my Sizzix purchases, I use the weekly 40-50% discount coupons that my local craft stores offer.  But since many of the various dies or embossing folders are not available in the stores near me, these listings on Amazon are a great option.
Perfect peppa  Perfect peppa She says the cutest things Prompt delivery I previously had one for a sick child I was taking care of(paediatric nurse) My daughter and I loved the phrases and use them  often I.e : you are a beautiful swam Really it's just bending your knees and jumping All the encouragement you need!
Great gift  My daughter loves the movie and was so happy to get this character as a plush.  It was a bit smaller than expected but that made it even more adorable.  The product arrived in a timely manner.
OVER PRICED FOR THE SIZE
Love it.^^
Absolutely darling  This is a very cute toy. i bought it to go with a Zombie doll I have that needed a pet. It is very well made and the legs are thin but sturdy. It is a nice representation of the character from the cartoon. i love the cute look on its face and it is sure to please young or old.
better than advertised!  Not what i expected from the pic.  Actually much better. The actual plush is not standing but sitting. The head is proportionally much larger than the body, ill leave that up to preference.  Great quality, my girlfriend loves it.  Would recommend.
Great for the Kids!
My daughter loves this just like She did the movie!!
Love it! Better then photo! Didn't have a long wait to get it.will definitely order from here agien
My nephew loved it. It was much bigger than I  My nephew loved it.  It was much bigger than I thought
Perfect gift for my 4 year old  My 4 year old LOVED this little mouse. Picked it up for a great deal.  The quality is above what I was expecting, and the material is very soft -- not thick but soft.
Love little Tweety  Got this for my mom at Easter when I was visiting her & loved it so much that I got one for myself when I got back home.  My granddaughter loves it!
Cutest Max & Ruby Together  This item was something my grand daughter asked me for and I was so very happy that when I ordered it it included both Ruby & Max she loves it & I love her Could not be happier. The little stuffed animals were darling.
Well made and very cute!  Definitely consider if you get any of the Mo Willems books!!
Great product, extremely well made  Great product , extremely well made. The details are abounded. The nose, Cape with hoodie great size.
Goomba's on the march-  When I was a kid, there was really nothing like this available- stuffed (or even plastic) toys based on videogames were few and far between and they certainly didn't look anything like this little guy.  This is a very high quality plush based on the famous 'goomba' character from Super Mario Bros. He looks awesome on the shelf next to my Wii games... what else is there to say?  Maybe one thing... it's a little smaller than it looks in the product shot. Not a deal breaker to me-
I found Dory  very cute and soft, my granddaughter will be pleased
Recipient loved them!
it's a great size for holding and cuddling  I bought this stuffed toy as a gift for my wife. We had to put down her Bichon which she's had for 16 years. It was a very hard time for both of us. After doing some research I found many reviews stating this one is very lifelike. I wish I looked at the demensions a little closer because it is smaller than I expected. Even so, it's a great size for holding and cuddling. When I gave it to my wife she started crying because of how much it looked like her dog. It is very detailed: from the curl in the tail, to the slight discoloration around the dogs mouth and eyes (which is normal for that breed). Thank you very much for making this stuffed animal. It brought back a lot of nice memories for my wife and helped bring a smile to her face during that sad time.
Awesome! And at a very good price  This was bought for my gbaby Hendrix, who is due in June this year. My daughter, his mom, is a huge fan as am I. Awesome! And at a very good price.
Yep, this is "The"  Chewie!  What a great gift!  This was for my son who is older, but his favorite Star Wars character was always Chewbacca.  We always laughed about the sound Chewie made and it is even so much more fun to hear him now.  The toy is a little squished Chewie with a big adult sound.  Great for anyone that appreciates the Chew!  I was so pleased when I took him out of the box and wrapped him up.  He was definitely the hit of the evening and everyone laughed everytime the Chewie noise came out!  I want one for myself!!!
Like it
Love him!  My granddaughter loves all things Peter Rabbit. He is adorable, well made and looked precious in her Easter basket. I would definitely recommend. Even the box is cute.
Very nicely made
Its PERFECT  He loves him.
Awesome!!  Super cute!! Came earlier than expected and it is just amazing quality!! My brother will love it!!! Thank you!!  C:
An Awesome Plush!  I always thought that this character from the Super Mario Bros games was really awesome. I was always curious to see if this guy was ever made as a plush and didn't see one in the past unfortunately. As soon as this plush was released I definitely had to buy it. If you like Boom Boom I highly recommend buying this plush, the details and quality of it are stunning and it was definitely worth buying in my book!
my daughter LOVED it!
awesome  Quality is good. looks awesome as a bedroom decoration. This was a most for me to finish the look I was looking for my gaming room.
They are VERY cute and my son loves them.  They are VERY cute and my son loves them.
Sweet little Peas in a Pod Toy  This tiny version of the peas in a pod toy is very detailed and nicely made. Great take along toy since it is small enough to fit in a purse or back pack or diaper bag. Kids of all ages will love this.
cuddly & quite adorable. I love it  Cheburashka is very soft, cuddly & quite adorable. I love it, love it, love it!
amazing  amazing plush
So cute  I have the talking one. It took me a week to find but we'll worth the price. He almost threw me under the bus when I was wrapping it because he started talking so I started singing really loud to cover it up. He was the funniest one in the movie
Awesome!  There is not much to be said about the quality of a plush, other than it is well made and doesn't fall apart. The selling point for me is simply that I love the way it looks.  I got it for my girlfriend, who enjoys Legend of Zelda games, and she absolutely adores it. It makes a great gift for adults and children; she is an adult, but the sentimental value combined with the fact that it represents something she is very fond of makes it irreplaceable to her. She misplaced it for a few days and was heartbroken until she found it. It is a good inexpensive gift for anyone who enjoys the Legend of Zelda series..
Very cute.  Just what I expected. Made well so that it would take a lot of rough treatment from a 3 yr old.
Delivered on time and was brand new.
granddaughter loves it
Zelda Plush toy  Great item and it looks great
The only problem that i had was that the package came a little late but i unerstand this season is very complicated but anyway I going to give 5 star because the treatment was excellent. They anwser all my message and gave me soluctions. And the most important the toys are in perfect condiction.
Good buy  Toy was well made, very soft and got delivered very quickly.
I bought it for my niece's birthday present. She loves it!!
I put this in my daughter's Easter basket this year as "EasterOtter." My daughter is 10 and adores this. It is VERY cute and well made.
Cute toy  My 1 year old loves this! It helps him sleep, but the batteries die pretty quickly.
I love it! It's nothing shy of perfect  I love it! It's nothing shy of perfect. I love it's small size, it adds to the cuteness and charm of this plush.
Super cute!
It's the perfect portable size  My son brings it everywhere. It's the perfect portable size.
Very cute plush toy.  No complaints.
I couldn't be happier with this purchase  I couldn't be happier with this purchase.  She is so soft and has the cutest "piggy" expression.  I purchased this for my grand daughter for Christmas.  She loves it!
I bought this plushie for a white elephant gift and just like my ex  Aww Chlamydia was just the cutest thing, I bought this plushie for a white elephant gift and just like my ex, it went around through different owners until nobody wanted to steal it anymore, so glad it was off my hands.  I ended the holidays with a bag of nuts and a $20 target gift card.  Fair exchange for Chlamydia if you ask me.
Who wouldn't love this!!!  This plush is amazing for someone of any age! My child LOVES eeyore!! It is so soft and really durable, and it has a tail that comes off and reattaches. The string however could be a little stronger. Overall, a great gift itam and very cute!
Very happy with the  Was exactly as expected. Very happy with the purchase
Perfect product
1998 Hallmark 16" Plush The Grinch who stole Chritmas Doll  Since the Grinch entered the scene of Christmas, my nieces, nephews and now my great-nieces and nephews have always thought it funny to give Aunt Kae something Grinch because I am such a lover of Christmas and a very jolly person. This year surprised them when I got this Christmas Doll and put it in my window in front of the tree for all to see; The Grinch lives here. It was perfect.
5 STARS For Nemo!!!  Nemo was wonderful and it arrived before the time that I was told it would. Needless to say, I will thrilled !!!!  (. . . and so was the little Birthday Girl!!!!!) Thanks - GREAT JOB !!!
Loved it  SHe had asked for these for Chirstmas and was over joyed with then. I am wondering when the Canada one is coming out.
big  wow much bigger than we thought he would be - I mean I know it says 10" and all but he is big and cuddly.  well worth it
wish come true  My sons only thing on his Christmas wish was a soft Jesus he could hold and sleep with at night. This is the Only place I could find one. THANK YOU!
It is really well made I would highly recommend this!  This is the softest stuffed animal I have ever bought.  It is really well made I would highly recommend this!!
Very nice  We saw this same alligator at a store for thirty dollars and thought I would check Amazon.  This stuffed animal is excellent quality and made very well.  I do not see it coming apart anytime soon:)
Great
Great toy  My grandson loved this. He is 2 and together with the dinosaur book I got him he has become quite the dinosaur fan. Now if his mother can only learn to pronounce the names .....
muneca  excelente para nias, material muy agradable al tacto, muy buena calidad del producto el acabado es muy muy bueno estoy muy conforme
Great product. Great Price. Would Buy Again. Worth the wait.
Easy to Program  I bought Elmo Knows your Name for my 16 month old as a Christmas present.  I love that you can program Elmo before you give him as a gift.  It is very easy to program, you have options of foods your child likes to eat, his schedule, birthday, names of people in your family, on and on.  Elmo is soft and cuddly and when my son opens Elmo on Christmas he will already know Ethan's name, I can't wait!  Great Toy!
My son loooves DJ Lance Rock, and LOOOOOOVES this toy!
granddaughter loves it
A Little Small, but Great Quality  The quality of this plush seems to be very good, and it will go nicely with the other Star Wars Chirstmas gifts for my 5yr old son. He is in need of something cuddly that does not appear babyish, and this plush really fits the bill. My measurement for this product is 10.5" from top of head to tip of foot; kind of on the small side. The gold fabric has a funny smell, probably just the way it is made. I used a little bit of Febreze, and the cloth is still intact. Very happy to have found this C-3PO plush since it is not easy to come by.
Feel safe in buying  Very nice, larger and better quality than I expected. Very quick delivery as well.
Big hit with the Grandson!
Bought one for each brother 5 & 6 yrs old & sometimes they will let the Q-doll "talk for them". Very healthy tool/game to help kids, especially boys to talk about difficult feelings of change & loss.
cute my soon love it
A++++
Great job. Keep up the good work  Great job.  Keep up the good work.
Sweet Kangaroo  This sweet kangaroo with baby Joey in it's pouch is delightful! It arrived quickly and the quality if very good for the price. I purchased it as a birthday gift for a 4 year old girl. I'm sure she will love it as much as I do.
Soft, snuggly...just what you'd expect from Pooh.  My daughter loves him.
Adorable, soft, squishy stuffed chicken.  My little boy is obsessed with chickens and loves this toy.
great but!!!  This is a great product! And price is great as well. They are a lot more in the stores. It does make taking pictures faster than it normally would work! I would definatly buy another one!!
My son loved them!  Exactly what was advertised!  My son loved them! !!
... got this for christmas and it's one of my favorite gifts. It's adorable and well made  I got this for christmas and it's one of my favorite gifts. It's adorable and well made. pay attention to the 5.5" size though, it's definitely not a giant plushie but I really like it
... awsome so soft shes bigger than i expected looks great sitting on my bed  shes awsome so soft shes bigger than i expected looks great sitting on my bed. arrived on time. looks exactly like the pic
My son luvs it so much. He sleeps with him every night
put together well  Love them
and she loved it. Always fall asleep while it plays  It was a birthday gift for our 1 y.o. and she loved it. Always fall asleep while it plays. Very convenient shape for small hands :)
Little girls best friend  Lily has been a best friend for a long time. She's so cute I've ordered more.
fun
Would recommend  Super cute & soft. Son loves it.
It is exactly what I thought it would be.
My grand daughter loves this...
Great fun!  If you have a Border Collie, heads up. This flying cow will drive your dog crazy with excitement! We may have to use only outside as all instinct takes over and our dog goes into full hunt mode!
My kids LOVE these! I have 2 toddlers  My kids LOVE these!  I have 2 toddlers, and they love Peppa Pig.  These are adorable and much better quality than I expected for the price!  Also shipped a lot sooner than expected.  Great buy!
Gotta love Doc McStuffin  I purchased this for my 1 year old niece after seeing it at the Disney store.  She loves it!  Its a great size for cuddling with.
Very nice
Great  Item came as described very cute tank you
Good quality. My son loves it! Great size
my son love it!!!! good fabric and perfectly made!!!A+++++ highly recommended
Perfect condition!
Great Gift  I gave this as a gift and she loves it
That is how great this little musical bunny is  In the end.. I bought it once, twice and three times!  That is how great this little musical bunny is.  The tune is so enchanting.  This bunny is made with soft velvet like fabric.  I'm actually thinking of getting more.  The little ones that I gift them to fall in love with them and carry them around constantly.  One can't sleep without it.
Doesn't bite as much as the real thing!  Very cute toy, soft and plush to touch, seems to be well constructed and arrived within the specified time frame. I particularly like the black-tipped tail, which a lot of toy-makers miss on the fennec.  I had a friend who used to have a fennec, and she said it was 12 years of Bad Attitude and Sharp Teeth.
Just like TV Peppa!  My granddaughter loves Peppa Pig and was so excited to have this cute little stuffed animal.  Seems very well made.
 Kaito   I love Kaito he's one of my favorite Vocaloid characters! This Kaito plush is so cute and I love it! Vocaloid fan + Kaito fan forever! 
Its like the picture. Good quality.
Children instantly love these!  Something endearing about the way the bunny's paws are in the air, imploring to be held. Bought one in pink and one in tan for my 5 year old daughter and 2 year old son; they both loved the bunnies and played with them as soon as we left the store. Perfect size for our trip to Alaska and the kids play with them all the time.  My son lost his in a parking garage and I need to get a replacement.
Good quality. Very satisfied with this purchase  The picture is accurate to the product. Good quality. Very satisfied with this purchase.
the kids absolutely loved it. awesome being the person who gave a child their cuddling stuffed animal of choice.
just as described.
Awesome Plushie  I recently added this Charizard plush to my small collection of Pokemon toys, and I must say that I am very satisfied with the purchase.  Its size is as advertised and the fabric is very bright and colorful.  This toy is actually very soft, which surprised me because the photo made me expect it to be more stiff.  It is just as much a teddy bear as it is a Charizard, making it a perfect item for younger fans of the Pokemon franchise.  The order arrived several days before the earliest expected date, taking about three weeks in total to travel from China to Boston.  The product is not without some minor flaws, which I would highlight for the more serious collector; but keep in mind that many of these flaws are not noticable unless you are looking for them.  Pokemon 'purists' may find some of the toy's features unsuitable, such as the solid red flame tail (as opposed to the standard red and yellow fire) or the slight disproportionality in the claws or head.  Charizard's wings are somewhat flimsy, and could potentially be bent and even folded in transit.  Some of the stitching is a little loose and small bits of white string is visible protruding from a couple of the seams.  It's a plushie, not a statue.  If you are not particularly nit-picky, you will love this toy.  It is overall a very well-made toy!
A must have  I like it it's soft and it helps me go to sleep
Just like the Eevee we caught in Pokemon Go.  Super soft and durable, My son loved it.
This was a great toy for a 6 hour plane ride.  One of our new favorites!
Was perfect!
My little girl loves her Elsa doll , and is exactly what she expected !
It is good for my son.  My son like it so much! I would like to recommend it for the kids who like play game Sonic.
Nice gift  I bought this back in December as a Christmas gift for my brother. Everything was good when it came in and my brother really loved it.
Rocky Paw Patrol...grandson loves  a very hard find for my grandson...he loves it!  Thought it would be a little bigger though.
Good quality ND my child is very  This pair is totally cute. Good quality ND my child is  very happy
Son loved it!  Cute little Pokmon character.  Son loved it!!
Fast shipping! Original from Disney
Came on time cute toy I love it so much
Strange but exactly what we wanted!  Was a gift and she loved it!  Well made!
Perfect!
Best platypus yet  This is the best platypus plush currently on the market. It's lifesize and well made. It looks like an actual platypus. In fact it looks better IRL than in the picture. Its legs are better shaped and positioned. The one I received also has more defined feet, with six toes. Other reviewers have mentioned it's ridiculously soft and cuddly. This would be a good buy even if you aren't specifically looking for a platypus but just want an appealing, high quality plush. One caveat: No washing instructions on the label.
They were a perfect gift for my girlfriend  It got herar earlier than I expected.  They were a perfect gift for my girlfriend.
Quasi was perfect!!
Just love it! :)
Great for gifts!!  Very beautiful doll, bigger than I expected and great for the pice!!
Item was well protected and unopened!
Great!  Bought this plushie as a gift for my girlfriend for Christmas, she absolutely loved it. Nothing more needed than that.
Very cute & fast shipping!
Looks exactly like the picture  Looks exactly like the picture. The quality and texture of the plush doll is amazing. Would highly recommend for a fan of the one called Sailor Moon
Just as expected!  Shipping took forever- but the look on my 3 yr olds face was worth it! Just ordered Mommy and Daddy Pig as well. If you are considering this look for the bundle with Peppa, George, Mommy and Daddy Pig. They are about the same price. Peppas dress is also a very nice cloth.
Super Soft, Well made and my grandson loves it
It arrived on time in perfect condition. My niece absolutely loves it  This was purchased as a gift for my 3 year old niece that lives out of state. It arrived on time in perfect condition. My niece absolutely loves it!
A really great quality plush doll. I'm really glad that I got it. ^_^
Got this for my four year old daughter for her birthday. She absolutely loves it!
Most epic toy ever  My son loves this one. He is so excited to get it. Quality is pretty good. Recommended. AWESOME TOY!Buy if you want an awesome toy.
Fun toy!
Good laugh!
Cute!  My child loves it! I didn't realize how big it was though!
Came in great condition!
Fun  My one year old loves this little ball.  I thought that it might bounce, but it doesn't.  It's just a stuffed Mickey ball, but he loves it all the same.
Love it!!  Love it!!!
Kid loves it, fast delivery
This is one of my son's favorite stuffed animals!  Very soft!!
My daughter loved it as part of a Christmas gift  It's Genie, what more needs to be said. My daughter loved it as part of a Christmas gift. Happy to bring some modern classics to another generation.
Very nice. My son loves him.
Great little bunny with blanket  Great little bunny with blanket.  Blanket is soft and cuddly. Wonderful to have the bunny which goes with the book Goodnight Moon.
Love love love it!
Great for toddlers!  Perfect for a toddler who loves Toy Story! Hat doesn't come off which is a plus, I would of lost that in a heart beat.
GREAT BIRD  My 5 yr old just loves this hes an angry bird nut and this is one of his faves.  Buy one you won't be disappointed
Awesome!!! Our granddaughter carries her baby Dory everywhere. She lives lives her!!!
Great plush  Looks just like the pictures, came faster than expected too! Had the official tag on it so it is legit. It's very soft material.
Love it  Super cute. Great addition to my collection.
A super concept for children  A truly innovative concept for kids that involves learning through play and fun..i am very impressed and would recommend it for all kids out there..Super like!!
Hours of entertainment!  My toddlers favorite toy!! This thing keeps her busy for so long and she's not a sit still for long kid.  I only wish the length of the buckle straps could be adjusted but she's figured it out regardless.
Great speedy delivery with a happy tot  Great speedy delivery with a happy tot. Our diaper bag toys needed a face lift and this can clip to the shoulder strap for entertainment on the go! Well made toy makes a happy momma and daughter.
Pretty cool plush, my kid loves it.
As advertised  Two thumbs up
Baby Loves It!  The music calms the baby down when she is upset. Her brothers always make sure it is handy!
Fabulous item  Excellent value for your money.  My grandson used it for a prop for a school project.  The kids all loved it.
love it people think it is real
too cute!  bought this for my niece because she loves Elmo. She takes him to sleep with her and tells him goodnight. I love to see how happy she is with this toy. If you have a little kid that loves Elmo, I recommend this toy.
I got this for my classroom and everyone has loved it. It is small for little hands and looks so cute on the shelf. He is really fuzzy and soft and my little sister now wants one for herself.
ok  very good, very prety
For Pete's Sake!  This puppet is so cute... I loved Pete immediately right out of the box. I'd read all the reviews about Pete the puppet and the dilemma of  his buttons... For  only one button comes off rather than all the buttons to go with the book...  Ok, what to do?  I went to the fabric store and purchased black fabric cord and Velcro, and now all of Pete's buttons pop-off....  However, I have to say,  that Pete is too cute to let the matter of buttons be a matter.... For Pete's sake!
Very cute!  My 2 year old loves Pascal and loves this stuffed animal. Its not a soft stuffed animal, its more hard, but perfect for playing with.
Great toy! Keeps my daughter entertained and it's very cute.
Elmo has been through a lot this year.  A staple of Sesame Street Elmo is one of the few children's TV characters that you just want to hug no matter how old you get, or how strange the news surrounding him seems to be at times.
Had to buy two for my boys because they loved him so much!  Yes, he is the cutest dog in the world!  My in-laws sent us Boo the dog for my boys, but they loved him so much that they fought over who could sleep with him.  So we ordered a second Boo so they could each have one.  He can stand upright on all fours or sit on his bottom.  He's very soft and high quality.  He's the perfect size for little hands, about 9 x 8.  My in-laws also sent us the little Boo with the cowboy hat, but my boys are not interested in that one at all because he is too small.  This size Boo was perfect.
and Luigi is definitely my favorite. So  This little guy is so cute! I got the three Mario baby plushies, and Luigi is definitely my favorite. So. CUTE!
I think this doll is best for my daughter because it is not hard but stuffed
Little one loved it.  Little one loved it. It's very soft and cuddly.
Love it
will to life  loved the doll and the reality to it
Pretty and fun!  My son loves it! It's nice and soft too!
great product  Look no further...this is the giant Olaf you've been looking for... Great quality...
Super cute and high quality  Super cute and high quality.  Since I can't legally have an actual sloth this one helps ease the pain :P
The toy seems sturdy and my daughter has enjoyed playing with it.
Bought it for my grand daughter.  She just loves it.
Wesley loves the Golden Freddy!
My 3 year old loves it!  She now has the complete set of Inside Out plush dolls.  The quality is very good and the size is perfect. It brings joy to my daughter, which brings me joy.
Hitachi 725796-1/4-Inch Hex to 3/8-Inch-24 Thread 3-Jaws Drill Chuck Adapter  its is used to make a portable chuck for my impact driver and screwdriver. helps to make a quick change to a drill if I don't have the Hex based drill bits on hand.
Cute kinda small for 13 bucks but it's ok I still love it and it worked out great for my daughter's cosplay as lucy :-)
Would Reccommend 110%~  I have this little guy in my car next to my Pikachu and Lina Inverse plush. He goes perfectly with my Soul Eater bumper sticker. Very very cute, and great quality. Lightening shipping. Would buy again from this seller!
Highly recommend.  I have purchased many a goat plush but this one is something speacial. Highly recommend.
Exaclty what I expected  My kid loved it. Size is good, soft, great. It arrived fast. And the best of all, it can be washed.
Soft  My favorite ugly doll. He is about (guesstimate) 11" so he is a good size. Looks cute in the passenger seat of my car. I have no friends lol
Great as a gift!  I bought this for my son for Christmas and he loves it. It is a good size not too small and very soft. It can be a great gift for any small child!
Great toy, my son really loved it.  Makes a roaring sound when squeezed
As expected  Pretty cute doll. My son grins ear to ear when he presses the button on her tummy to make her talk.
I get multiple complements on how soft and adorable this plush is  I get multiple complements on how soft and adorable this plush is. Made from very durable material would highly recommend for all vaporeon lovers <3
This Nemo is amazing quality! My daughter will be so excited Christmas morning!!
So very cute
It is perfect!
My son loves Pokemon
My kids loved them!!
My 2 year old loves it and it keeps her busy for a long time.
great quality!  Arlo's legs have wires in them so he is able to sit or stand, etc. Wasn't expecting that. We received as a gift, great quality !!
Huge Savings on This Fantastic KitchenAid Saucier Pan!!!!  The distribution of heat in this pan is super! Great for gravies and sauces. I have found it practical for stir fry and other similar cooking. Stir frying can reduce fats and is usually a pretty healthy way to eat a wide variety of veggies and other delightful ingredients. I even use it to pop brown rice or basmati rice. Ever tried hot puffed rice? Sometimes I eat it just like pop corn but often just for a different way of serving rice. This pan is deep enough with or without the lid to keep it from popping out of the pan (depending how much you start with). It is also useful to cook or finish foods in the oven up to 500 degrees. And it is KitchenAid. I expect it to outlast me!
Come-on Then  if you are a fan of Monty Python then this is the gift for you, got this for a friend for christmas and he was really really happy.
Cute  So cute. Glad I got it. Perfect for any fan.
Easy and reliable purchase. Received a week after purchased and very satisfied with product.
beautiful
Pooh is Cool  Bought this for my ex. It was very well made and and nice. Unlike her at the end of the relationship.  You should totally buy this if you or someone else likes Pooh.
Welcome to the family, Louis!  This was our first year with an elf!  Was so nice that he came with three different shirts and his own "suitcase". So glad this was a deal of the day.
All that jiggling and giggling is irresistible - everyone laughs and smiles!  This little hippo is so adorable!  He's soft and squishy.  In his belly is a ball that emits sounds.  It has a motor inside with a second ball that causes it to jiggle the doll around.  When you activate it it makes a single giggling sound.  To make it jiggle and giggle you shake it after you press the button in the belly.  There is a switch that gets pushed to make it work and you always want this to be pointed into the belly so it can be easily activated.  We love this toy - it's super cute, very plush and always makes you smile.
I like it.
Mr Popo is my favorite and this is adorable and well made  Mr Popo is my favorite and this is adorable and well made. It's quite tiny, but I'm pretty much ok with it because it just makes it that much more cute.
Great quality for a Bootleg.  I bought this guy knowing full well that he was a bootleg, and honestly, the quality is much better than I expected. Stuffed well, large, and cute. Got here early, too. I'm fairly certain it depends on what seller you get it from, though.
These hangers are AMAZING! They aren't thick and bulky like the ones you buy in the store and you are able to hand a full outfit up using the bottom hooks to hang the pants/shorts. These are the only hangers I use for my daughters clothes
Got my grandson Tigger and the  Halloween Tigger Costume and he Love's them.
Baby's first gift  This was a gift from my parents for our son, his first lovie! I'm ordering a 3rd right now because our dog has gotten hold of and chewed the stuffing out of the first two. This is adorable (even cuter/nicer looking than the picture) and great quality. Very soft and we just love Goodnight Moon. Our son loves to snuggle the bunny while rubbing the blanket part on his face--definitely prefers it over other lovies.
My grown ass man loved it for Christmas and so does my 7 month old baby girl. She eats it.
Great doll! Very good Quality!
Oh look it's Dora!  The only reason I bought this is because I can't find it in any stores lol. It is for my little cousin and she loves it.
grand kids love them
Daughter loved it!
Nice size. Good quality.
Sweet!  My niece, who is way into Rudolph, loves this singing stuffed animal.  She's not disappointed at all.  I'm a bit disappointed,because the entire song isn't available.
Very pleased!  I've had bad luck with these knockoff pokemon plushies before, but I'm extremely pleased with this Groudon. I got it as a gift and even though it took two or so months to get here, the quality is amazing for the low price that I paid. It was shipped in a bag that wasn't too tight, so it wasn't deformed and the felt accents are stiff and sewn correctly. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Cute  This is a well made, very cute doll that made the recipient, a Kirby enthusiast, very happy that I got it for him.
Worth the wait  My daughter just loves this toy! Although it took about 12 days for it to arrive (since it was shipped from China), the stuff toy is worth the wait. It is bigger than what we thought, and the wings are bendable and can be opened to how you would want the wings to look.
Very pleased with purchase  Cute hat. Very thick and warm enough to be cute and functional. Very pleased with purchase.
A smile maker for a little girl (or boy)!  My girl loves this stuffed dog from 101 dalmatians movie. Very nicely made-as you expect from Disney.
Grandaughter loves stretchkins and delivery was timely.
Squirtle is awesome!  I got this for Christmas and he is really well stitched together. Very well designed. He's my favorite and I take him everywhere.
AMAZING
Great product-just as pictured. My daughter LOVES Disgust and she's going to love this plush.
love it so much and the amazing shipping! And it is ALL NEW
Awesome  Awesome plush creeper not to big not to small. The noise is exactly like in the game. But if your dog is like mine keep this toy away from your Dog.
Very adorable! I got them for my girlfriend since she is in love with the minions and I'm pretty sure that she will love these!
I love this tv  It is worth the money if you like quality picture and sound. Bravo Sony
He's a noisy little creature, this Furby Boom.  My son was so excited to open his Furby. It was apparent from the start that this blue fuzzy creature was going to quickly win the heart of my 6 year old. Furby has gone to the bus stop, grocery store, restaurant, and gone on family outings.
Great material and great shape. Beats paying Disneyland price!
Bought as a gift.
My little niece loved her toy.
My daughter loves hers  This is a nice companion for my daughter. She enjoys playing with it and it keeps her company at night. It is very soft and can handle her playing rough with it. I also found it soft and very hugglable.
Very nice plushie, good quality, makes a great present.
great toy
Adorable  So soft and cuddly! And the voice is the same as the movie. My son will love it!
Will never do another roof without one of these. Took off a double shingled roof and still looks brand new.
Got this for my 12 year old daughter who loves all Pokemon and such. It is a quality build, very soft and well made. She really likes it. As a bonus this product is the real deal made in Japan to the usual perfection of things Japanese.
This was for my 4 year old niece,  she absolutely loves it!
Great baby gift  I loved it and so did the baby.
Happy!  Great purchase.  Very soft, exactly as I hoped.  Love the soft eyes as well vs the plastic ones.
Love this bird!  Excellent item. Just as described! Great price!
Bugs are good  We gave them as a gift to a cleaning specialist...she totally loved them!!
Adorable.  Was a gift.
Satisfied  Was a gift, they liked it.
My son loves his Minecraft skeleton! It is soft and well made.
I love it!!!!
I loved this so much  I ordered another for my sons best friend
Cute!  cute item
A winner with my girls!  My 8 year old daughter got this for her birthday in July '13 and she is still playing with her!  She loves to fluff her hair by shaking her a bit and using a doll brush.  It is still in excellent condition considering how much she's played with her.  I just need to buy her the bottle of blood now to complete her little set.  I'll be back to purchase more :)
kids loved it!  used as a raffle prize...kids loved it!
great for presents  Boss loved her b day present
This is my daughter's favorite bear its perfect for her.
Its amazing it came In one piece and its so soft!!!!!!
I bought this for my friend and she loved it!  Fast shipping. I bought this for my friend and she loved it!
I love this little guy and so does my grandson!
Perfect  Just as described. Perfect Umbreon. Came with the official Pokemon tag and everything. Fast shipment. Durable plush. Very happy.
Perfect little elephant for a baby shower diaper cake!
Fabulous product! Thank you for the prompt shipping!
mhy grand daughtier just loves it
Bright and smart  Is perfect for a newborn...bright colors!
I bought this for my 18 month old who is obsessed with her car seat buckles:) This is by far her favorite toy, she criss crosses and buckles different colors together. I highly recommend it!
It's a pokemon plush  It's small, soft, adorable, exactly as advertised. There isn't much more to say on it. It's a cuddly plush toy, and it sits on my desk at home because I'm a bit of a geek.
I Love It!!!!  I love this product very much. I am a die heart Tweety Bird fan. So it goes great with my collection of other Tweety Bird products that I have. Again thanks for having this item. I am having a wonderful time with it.
Looks a lot like my Chinese Crested I Love him 
So cute and same as the picture
Great set. My daughter loved them!
So Cute!!  I'm a big fan of DragonVale and was thrilled to buy this plush.  The quality is great and it's really soft too!  The price is a little higher than I expected, but the smile this little guy puts on your face is worth it! I loved this plush so much, I ordered another one to have at my desk at work.  Very happy with my purchase!!
Cute Shiny Glaceon  This Glaceon is really cute and soft. The shiny colors are really great and will make a great present for any Pokemon lover.
Very cute plush, my niece loves it.
My daughter is going to love this!  It is so plushy and cute!  Shipped quickly.  It's a shame the colors aren't as bright in the photos because it is really vivid in person.  Thank you very much!
Coolest Kingdom Hearts toy ever.  This is a very cute plush of the first Heartless monster you face in Kingdom Hearts. The coolest thing about it, is that it's eyes glow in the dark just like the Heartless monster in the game. Loved the accuracy there.  Great toy/collectible for any Kingdom Hearts fan.
She loved fruit and ate an apple every day  I bought these to put in a memory box for my Mother, who has dementia.  She loved fruit and ate an apple every day.  I think she'll really enjoy holding and looking at the different pieces of fruit.
Perfect perfect perfect
Great product
Cute  Cute and great quality
meta knight kirby  My child is very pleased with it.  This isn't for sale in the Netherlands. Very very happy with the plush.
A++
Great gift for toddler age child  Gift to a friends 2 year old daughter and we are told she loves it and sleeps with it
Looks very realistic and is very soft  Adorably cute and cuddly. I bought one because Fennec foxes are amazing animals and so much fun. I wish I could have one for a pet but this is so realistic looking that it's the next best thing.
Buckle the Buckle  A fun activity for the toddler.
Disney Frozen Exclusive 16 Inch Plush Figure Sven  My great-granddaughter went to see the movie FROZEN and fell in love with the reindeer and her mother looked all over for a stuffed one and asked me to see if I could find one.  Amazon to the rescue--Izzie went to sleep with him the night I gave him to her.
Very cute  My son is catfish crazy, so he really loved this when he got it in the mail. Nice plump fish. 17 inches and it's cute as can be.
Great educational toy!  This was a present for my two year old grandson and he actually played with it for almost an hour. That is a huge success to say that about any toy, but a two year old? WOW!
I wanna order a few more I love them!  Too cute for words! I wanna order a few more I love them!!!!
Fuzzy companion  My little one LOVES her Elmo toy!  Elmo is my baby's favorite television character and this toy is just perfect.  Elmo's a great companion especially when watching Sesame Street or when reading her favorite Sesame Street book.  His fur is nice and soft and he's hand-washable so I know he'll last a good long time.  My only concern is that his "irises" could possibly be scratched off (although I could be wrong).  I'll update the review if we run into that problem.
Bought this for a 2000 mile car ride with my 2 year old grandson.  He loved it and it kept him busy many hours of the trip.  He especially loved putting on of his cars in the zip pocket and zipping it up and finding it later.
Cute Painter Plush  These are the cutest little plush dolls.  Very well made and so fun and colorful.  They shipped from China and were about 5 weeks later than promised delivery.
Love this toy! So does the babies!  Perfect for eye hand coordination and for keeping little hands busy!  It also would be great in a large size!
My sons favorite dino!
Super soft and cuddly  Super soft and cuddly!  I bought this for a gift, but thought about keeping Boo to myself!  Very good quality and just super soft.  Looks just like a teddy bear dog.
Nice gift for anyone  I love it! Great for a gift for anyone, kid or adult.
6-year-old daughter loved getting this for the holidays!  6-year-old daughter loved getting this for the holidays!
This Elmo is great! He is super soft  My 9 month old loves Sesame Street, and we purchased this little guy as something to bring on a recent plane ride across the country. This Elmo is great! He is super soft, and shed a little at first, but we washed him once and I haven't seen any more red fuzzies. This is a perfect size for a little one, probably too small for 4+. We now keep him in the car, sometimes behind her little mirror to "keep an eye on her".
Ludo call the reviews!!  I LOVE this Ludo doll!!! As a huge fan of Labyrinth since I was a child, this was an adorable random Amazon find.  My husband and I used this as part of a table decoration for our wedding at the "Labyrinth" table. We got so many people asking if they could have him (NO!!) or where we got him.  My dog has also tried to claim Ludo as hers. Clearly, this is one popular character!
Super cute and soft. Just as described.
Perfect  So happy to finally be able to find Owl! My daughter collects them and she will be surprised what Santa brings her this year.
Cute. I got them for my daughters baby shower
Super soft!!!  Supper soft even after washing and drying several times! My son loves this blanket! Perfect for car rides or taking the baby out in the cold for that extra warmth.
An adorable plush of a very memorable character from the Sailor Moon series. It is very nice quality, & I highly reccomend it to any other fellow plush collectors, or even just someone who loves Sailor Mercury.
Good gift for the Grans  My granddaughter carries this around and dances with it.  Good toy for her to carry around .  She seems to like it.
Perfect  This Tripod is not compareable for this price with other ones. It is a different class, for a cheap price ! I have tested Tripods for 400 - 700 $ with this kind of quality. OK it hits directly my requirements ! (low weight, hight capcity, very stable). For travelling in a back pack may be to large ...  Buy it and be sure your requirements for tripods and take care your camera and lense you would like to use.
OAP  I ordered this for a play that we are performing for high school.  This is better than expected!  Long enough and super soft!!  Satisfied Customer!
LOVE my Sumikko Gurashi!  SO cute!!  Super fast shipping, Perfect transaction.  Thanks :)
product as expected
Is just beautiful
My friend loved it as her b day gift. It's a nice size and adorable.
Perfect for my little Elmo-loving granddaughter.  She loves it !
Excellent
Good
Our Favorite Buddy  Adorable! Great quality and absolutely darling.  My son LOVES it.
Cute!  My son collects anything Minecraft. This is very cute, even cuter in person.
lovley gift  a beautiful toy
nice size for toddler to play with very happy with product
Fun for kids
Great item, larger than expected  My son loves Kirby so I bought this for his birthday, he loves it!!! Great item, larger than expected, great price, fast shipping.
Love Walter!  It is adorable and just what my grandson wanted.
The Hero has Arrived and is Adorable!  What else can I say besides what I put in the title? As soon as I saw this, I HAD to get it.  This little plush came to me almost instantaniously. When I opened the package, it had everything is describes! His features are so him,(by that I mean painted on and capture very well.) His only missing feature I noticed was the 50 on the back of his bomber jacket. But it's no big deal in reality. He is by far the most adorable America plush I've seen so far. I've found myself always having him by my side. This little guy is for any Hetalia fan. Believe me, he'll make your day a bit more brighter once you see him and give him a heroic hug. This gets an A+ from me.  HERO!~
The seller is AmazonLLC. My girls adore it.
GEORGE ROCKS  THIS IS ORIGINAL FROM DISNEY STORE, GREAT PICE FOR GEORGE, EVEN HAS SOCK ON HIS BACK, MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT, VERY PLUSH.
Love it !
Good quality and design, softness too.
This Vaporeon is adorable and silky soft.  My son loved it.
Cute Beagle  Had hoped it was al ittle larger but it was great.  bought for sister . I had one as a small child and now as an adult I still have and she saw it in photo and remembered what I called it.  Cant put a price on that .
Came very quickly and my granddaughter loved it.
Adorable, but leaking dye. But great customer service!  We were so excited to get this pirate pig for my 7 month old as his first "lovey" toy. We were pleasantly surprised at how it is the perfect size for his little hands and how adorable it is. After only a few days, he shows attachment to it and wants it when sleeping/nursing. As babies do, he also chews on it. This is where the problem comes in. The red head wrap had leaked dye onto the pig's head, which also means into my son's mouth. This is so disappointing coming from a toy that's sold as "organic" and "handmade" (albeit still made in China). It also has a rattle in it, which means it is intended for little ones. I contacted Apple Park and am hopeful that maybe this is an isolated defect and we can get a replacemt. I'll update once I hear back.  So the vedict is it's super cute and may be great for a little older kids, but not for babies who put everything in their mouth.  UPDATE 5/13: Changing my one star to five stars. It took a few weeks for Apple Park to respond to my concern email, but when they did they were SO genuine and responsive. Nancy, who contacted us, said they've never heard this particular complaint before and expressed concern. She requested a photo so their production team could trouble shoot. She also sent us another plush animal and let us choose any one, so we got Robbie Raccoon AND they send a board book. Such great customer service!  And regarding the dye, we ended up washing the pig in an attempt to stop the dye leak, which is did. It did make the pig a bit floppier, but I knew we'd end up washing him sooner or later (even though it's not recommended).  My guy loves both the pig and raccoon, and sleeps with them both!
Super cute and huge!
GO Zuma... my grand-daughter smiled ear to ear when she got the entire Paw Patrol group. (One at a time from the prize box)
2 year old LOVES  My 2 year old LOVES THIS. Its going to be my go to birthday gift from now on. Its small enough to fit in a diaper bag or medium purse so we take it with us for errands or long car rides. She played with it for a solid 30 minutes while I got my oil changed.  There are buckles, colors, shapes, numbers and a zipper. When she gets bored with one, she moves on to another. Really a fun toy.
Adorable little stuffed animals loved by all toddlers  Adorable little stuffed animals loved by all toddlers!
Cute toy  Its my 15 month old's favorite toy. The fabric is very soft. The colors are good. It is the right size for him.
Lovely
Super soft materials. I cannot wait to give this to my daughter for Christmas.
Excellent quality, not to mention fast shipping  My granddaughter was thrilled! Excellent quality, not to mention fast shipping.
good stocking stuffer  As expected, good stocking stuffer.
Funny gift  This was a gift for a friend and we both were in tears laughing so hard!
She absolutely loves this one and it was better than we expected  I got this for my daughter who has been wanting an eeyore stuffy ever since we went to Disney. She absolutely loves this one and it was better than we expected.
Very Cool Looking  Soooooo expensive!!!!!  But my son loves it so... :)
She carries it around everywhere.
Super cute, kids loved them!
Fun!  good quality and fun!
Angry Birds Star Wars 8" Plush- Leia  This was purchased for my grandson.  He had asked for a couple of the new Star Wars Angry Bird characters.  This was purchased along with another he wanted.  They were a big hit.  I'm a wonderful Grandma now!
Bizzy is the bomb!!!  I ordered this and a couple other buckle toys for my almost 2 yr old and for gifts. My son really liked this as soon as he saw it, he instantly began to try undoing the buckles. I'm happy that it has the numbers, colors and animals because we are also trying to teach him them. We had a lot of fun exploring this toy this morning when he was full of energy. I can't wait to see the kids reactions when they open theirs at Christmas. Great toy and it's perfect size to take with us.  Bizzy is the BOMB!!!
This was a gift and it was exactly what we were looking for.
.  Cute, and enteractive Elmo. Did not come in original box though.
great it come on time and my daughters love them
love it  lovvvvvvvveeeeee itttttt perfect talking very well so real my sister loves that even my parents i can not stop playing
She loves it.  It's a hit! :-)
Adorable! All came wrapped individually. As pictured and fast shipping, niece loved them!
Good quality  My son loves this doll! Very good quality! We ordered it almost an year ago and it's still in perfect shape.
This is the most adorable Kion plush so far  This is the most adorable Kion plush so far! Super soft, perfect to cuddle with. I may be 28 years old, but I ADORE the Lion King. I've loved it ever since it originally came out back in the 90s. This is a must have for any Lion King or rather, Lion Guard fan. This stuffed animal does not talk like one of the other versions, so that makes it perfect to cuddle/sleep with.
Love it!!!  I've always wanted a charizard plush and I could never find one until I saw this one. I had to have it and when I got it I loved it!! Sure it's not an exact replica but it's adorable and you know it's charizard when you see it. The shipping was also very fast I got it only a few days after I ordered it so I was very happy!
We love Elmo!  Great toy for a 2 year old who loves the furry red monster. A good size and seems to hold up well. We've played with him for 2 months now and haven't noticed any issues. I'm glad we found this!
Child loves buckles  My 18mo loves buckles - this is an amazing toy! Wish I found it sooner
Wonderful company  I ordered this toy for my nephew and had it sent directly to him so I have yet to see this toy but when I ordered the doll I forgot to send a message with it and contacted the seller and they were more than willing to help me in any way possible!
Pokemon plush!  Just one more to add to his collection...this one was quite tall and very soft and flexible...Son loved it!!!
This was a request for our grandson for a stocking stuffer.  I'm sure he will be excited.
Super cute and good quality.
Love her!!
Cute  Cute gift
Grandson who is 2  likes his puppy. Puppy goes where he goes .
Perfect gift for a toddler/little one  Our daughter received this as a Christmas present and absolutely loves it.  The ease of removing the trolley wheels to turn it into a backpack is fantastic, and even removing the hippo is easy.  It's roomy enough for several of her favorite toys, her jacket, some extra clothes and diapers, and it gives her something to do instead of insisting that I carry her through the airport.  This Christmas present was great for us as well as for her.
good stitching, and quicker than advertised delivery  My son loves it, good stitching, and quicker than advertised delivery.
This Is a Hit!  I bought this for my fur-daughter because it looks so much like her.  I love it!  She loves it!  It really is well made and adorable.  I am very happy  with this purchase.  I am sure that children and babies will love it just as much.
Happy baby girl  Granddaughter loved it
Best Notebook Ever  I love these notebooks! I'm a compulsive notetaker and since discovering this notebook 4 years ago it's the only type I use. This is a high quality, extremely durable product. The spiral binding allows you to fold the notebook in half and take notes on both sides of the page. The cover is thick and features a pocket. The paper used is of good quality and never bleeds through with ball-points or fountain pens.  Perfect notebook. Buy it and you will be hooked.
My nephew loved it. All that matters
Shocked to find this Pokemon  Very soft and well made.
Amazing Unicorn  We gave this unicorn to our daughter for Christmas and she's absolutely in love it. She's a unicorn fanatic!!! The unicorn is giant, gorgeous and so soft. It's perfect her and us. She wanted a real unicorn, so this was a great compromise.
People Will Stop You On The Street Over This Backpack  My wife and I went to Disneyland and saw some of the teenagers walking around with Star Wars characters clinging to their backs.  They looked so real, and then we discovered they were backpacks!  Anyway, I'm so glad we thought to check on Amazon rather than buying one in the park because the price was nearly half what Disney was charging.  We ordered one for our nephew and he LOVED it!  The Chewbacca seems a bit bigger in size than the other character backpacks.  For our 6 year old nephew, Chewbacca was a bit too big.  You could probably utilize some kind of front clip to tighten things up for a boy that size so that he can wear the backpack comfortably and prevent the straps from easily slipping off, but I'd say the backpacks will likely fit a 10 to 17 year old best.  When we gave it to our nephew at a restaurant, he wanted to wear it right away.  As he walked around the restaurant, staff and customers were coming up to him to find out what he had on his back.  They made a big deal out of it.  I think our nephew began feeling like a movie star and I'm afraid his mom will have a hard time ever taking the backpack off of him.  It's a surprisingly fun idea and looks pretty awesome as it clings to your back.  Star Wars fans will definitely LOVE it!!!
awesome plush  My son  loved him he took him everywhere .also he added them with the koopalings . He looks really cool
Bold colors  Love this flag.  Nice bright colors.  Well made md quick shipping.  Recommend
This was a great Muckey and my 1 year old loves it  This was a great Muckey and my 1 year old loves it. A perfect size and very cuddly for the 1 year old. Thank you.
Love it.
I loved it, just what my daughter wanted.
My Son Loves It, Bought Two!  We bought this for our 7 month old son after remembering how much our daughter loved her glow worm when she was young. My husband has had a good time trying to figure out the words to the songs as he sings our little guy to sleep. He knows a few although not all. We use one in the crib for naps and nighttime sleep and the light is just right. The music is a little loud for my taste at night when all is quiet but it doesn't seem to bother my son who sleeps with it right next to his head. He always find one of the hands and holds it while falling asleep. We ended up buying a second one to have in the car since we could never remember to bring the one we had in the crib. The light and music is great when we are driving after dark!
I had bought this dog for my grandmother who suffers from dementia and the little stuffed dog brought a lot of comfort to her which was important
Pikacarp?  I love this version of Pikachu and so did my girlfriend. A few notes. 1. It's 19 cm. A lot of other Pokemon Center Pikachus are 25 cm. 6 cm makes a difference when you are paying 32 dollars. 2. It's never as perfect as it shows. It may come slightly disheveled? But there is never any damage that would reduce collector value. All in all, a great buy for any collector! Enjoy!
plush otis the tractor  This merrymakers otis the tractor he is a plush toy in his own.storybooks and videos.he.is red and white with wheels so cute thanks for great Price and delivery
These are perfect plates to put up for Christmas.  These Gingerbread Garden Plates arrived on time and in perfect condition.  I can't wait to hang them up in my kitchen when December comes!
My Grandson loves it. He carries it around and sleeps with it too
cute
Very nice looking  Love the colors! Different from the other Ty owls, maybe older model. But I have been collecting them and I love him.
Great Angry Birds Stuffed Animal!  This is the cutest thing! My son absolutely loved it! I was exactly the right size, and how can you pass up Angry Bird pig as a Storm Trooper!
Good purchase.  Just as described.  Fast shipping.  Good purchase.
Soft as can be!!!!!!!  Perfect for my friend's newborn!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Tigger is a favorite in their family, and this turned out to be the perfect gift....
exactly what i expected  thanks! it's a gift for a friend i'm sure he will love it thank you!
Jack  My daughter loves this guy. She got him for Christmas and sleeps with it in her bed every night. Great quality and a lot of fun.
love them
It's Snorlax  Just absolutely fantastic in every way
The sweetest little otter  Precious!  I love it.
Item as described
The kids loved them.
My 22 month old loves to buckle her carseat and other items, so I purchased this toy and she loves it!
Even cuter than the picture.  It was really fluffy on the cheeks. I had fun playing with it.  It's really cute and it doesn't have a long ugly snout like it shows on the picture, it's cuter than that.
Just too cute  This is adorable!
Grand Dad Jon  My Grand Daughter LOVES! her Elmo AND her Cookie Monster AND her Grover. They travel well, are very durable and machine washable. Plus they're muppets which are the best. Big score for Grandpa getting her these.
Wonderful Mickey!  Very soft and a good size Mickey! My son loves it!
Great quality fun toy
Kids love him!  These guys are wonderful!  Great detail and very nice quallity.  My boys just love them.  We will be adding more to our collection!
Love Dora  I love this product, my daughter is going to really enjoy this. Good quality and look a lot like Dora on the show.
very nice
Owl  Owl is just adorable and fits right in, with all theater animals in  Pooh Corner
Plush  Plush and cuddly
5 stars  wish it were bigger but worth the money and its not made cheap like some others you may buy. Love it. Bought for my sons birthday party Hunting theme. I wish i had bought more. Worth the Money
Best gift for my grand daughter
Cute Lil dude that is soft. He's easy for my 2 year old to squeeze for talking feature. Brush is fun for encouraging brushing hair too!
Great item  We're very happy with this item. The design and quality are very, very good. My son absolutely loves it.  The shipping takes several weeks as it comes from China, but it arrived 5 days before the estimated date. Not a complaint, just information.
... she fits in with the rest of my collection nicely.  I collect Minions and she fits in with the rest of my collection nicely.
Very pleased with this item  My grandson loves his mine craft zombie. Very pleased with this item. Thank you
Cute wall deer head for boys room  I bought this for my son's room that has a nature/camouflaged theme. The material is of good quality. It has a soft loop on back to hang on a nail. You could put it on a plaque, that would make it look more mounted. We just put it up the way it came and it looks great. It is 11in from antler to antler so it is on the small side but perfect on the small section of the closet wall we put it on.
ouor little girls loves it
Just like the picture
my son's favorite.
soft and cuddly  Bought this as a new baby boy gift.  It's his favorite toy-never leaves home or goes to bed w/out it!  It's very soft, cuddly, and comforting.  Have bought other Gund Huggy Buddies and loved them all. Great quality!
Great stocking stuffer  Very cute
very cute. this was given as a Christmas gift  they played with it all afternoon, held up very well, and is still working.
Great little knife  I carry this little asset around a warehouse everyday. It's great for opening and inspecting all types of containers from cardboard boxes to sealed crates. It's a sturdy little thing with many uses.
Perfect Bunny  This was exactly what I had imagined for a Beatrix Potter Peter Rabbit.  He is soft, cuddly and the expression is perfect.
party favors  I used these as prizes for my daughters MLP/carnival themed birthday, the kids thought they were great. They are a good size and definitely worth what I paid. I found basically the same ones in store for $2/each, where I paid closer to $.50/each.
Perfect.
It was very nice Birthday gift
Great toy for small children very easy to use and quite adorable
Very nice. The face is somewhat rigid and not as soft as expected.
cute :-)
Love it!  I chose this rating because my son loves it!  I ended up getting the entire Star Wars Angry Birds because all four of my children love the Star Wars version of Angry Birds.  It's funny to watch them act out the game with their birds and piggies.  I would recommend this to any Star Wars Angry Birds fans.
Gave as a present
Cute Fennekin Plush!  This plushie looks like it is made really well and can't wait to see my boyfriend's reaction when he unwraps it on Christmas Day. :)
He's much smaller then I originally thought but I still love him, he's very much worth the price  He's extremely soft and very cute. He's much smaller then I originally thought but I still love him, he's very much worth the price. Got him in two days due to prime. If you want a cute sea otter for some reason, I recommend this one!
He collects a variety of them and these seem to be made of quality material and they look great.  My son loves these plants vs Zombies plush toys. He collects a variety of them and these seem to be made of quality material and they look great.
Awesome toy!  This toy is brilliant- keeps my toddler busy for hours!
We loved it.  I bought this for my son who loves to play Minecraft and I could say that they really appreciate having this.. the quality and material that was used is really good..
it came too
Great Little Fox  Just as pictured and described. So soft and great expression. The only thing I might say negative is that he doesn't seem to stand very straight. Looks like maybe one front leg is a tad longer so he sort of leans, but perhaps he just needs to shake out after being stuffed in a bag for awhile. And if not sitting on a smooth, even surface, he sits just fine. He is sitting on the back of my couch and looks great. I love his great expression. Definitely more realistic looking than some I've seen and definitely would recommend. Love mine.
Nice size and quality!
I love these toys. I'm glad I bought em. :-)  I bought these toys a couple days ago and they arrived in excellent condition. I highly recommend them to other kids. :)
Great Product  I bought this set for my son a few months ago. They were bigger than I expected. He loves them! He plays with them constantly and they have held up very well.
Minnie mouse  Great gift for my granddaughter?  Well made.
Great size for younger kids that enjoy the show  I bought this for my niece for Christmas and was told that she absolutely loved it.  She is only 2 years old and bigger stuffed animals are often ignored so I got her a smaller one.  It is easy for her to carry around, hug, and play with.  It is great quality and will no doubt last her a long time.  I was very glad to find her favorite character from the show available as a plush!
My daughter loved them!
Its bigger on the inside  LOVE it! The sounds are great and works well with other DW plushes, I bought mine on thinkgeek but that does not degrade quality! I recommend this for a whovian and gift for any whovian!
Whale  My granddaughter loves it.
It's a SUPER annoying little thing  Gave this to a friend's child.  It's a SUPER annoying little thing.  Brilliant!
Great doll for a 3 year old.  I bought this for my three year old niece and her four year old sister is jealous!  So, for Christmas I plan to get the four year old the Peri doll. The doll is soft and cuddly.  It will not break like the fancy ones that fly, change colors, dance, etc.  The doll is cuter than the picture.  Her face is embroidered and is also soft and cute.  I am very satisfied.
adorbable
Love him  I purchased this doll for 13 dollars US, its currently on sale for 10 dollars.  Regardless of price he is well worth it.  Any one who comes by my desk instantly falls in love with him.  He is so awesome.  Great Value.
Perfect Gift  Bought for 2 little girls - their Father is in the military and since I'm familiar with the GUND product (wonderful) I had no problem buying them without seeing them in person.  I told the girls to hug them every day until their Daddy comes home, it was a big hit!!
Great quality!  Totally cute. My 6 year old loved it. Great quality too.
awesome product
Adorable, well made  This is a very cute, very plush toy and seems well made. It has held up well to two months of moderate use.
great net  My children love this net. It seems very durable and easy to handle.  They have captured many critters with it. From frogs, toads, salamanders, and snakes.
Niece loved it!
Very Good Toy  My granddaughter adores it!
Super cute!
AH CHOO to you!  A delightful collectible! Grandson loved it!
great little toy  Thanks, great little toy!
Wonderful!  The elephant is cute, soft, and well-made. The price was well worth it and I will be buying more for baby shower gifts.
GREAT COLOR  He is beautiful! Very pleased with this little guy!
awesome
Very, very pleased.  Much larger than expected!  Very well made.  A perfect companion to the Peter Rabbit Touch and Feel Book and the Kids Preferred Melamie Feeding Set.  I presented all three to my niece for her baby shower along with some color coordinated bibs.  My only disappointment was that I could not find Peter Rabbit bibs anywhere.
nice quality
So precious!
Very durable and my son loved it.
Came today in one piece and it's the cutest thing ever! So fluffy! :D
My son loves this plush toy.
Friend's 2-year-old loves it!  Friend's 2-year-old loves it! It her favorite show and it great to throw in the washing machine when it gets dirty.
great Elmo for loves and snuggles  I wanted an Elmo with no hardware, no talking, no singing, just snuggles.  This is PERFECT.  It is soft, fuzzy, doesn't shed, and the eyes are soft and made of material.  It's well made and quite huggable, I tested it before giving to my daughter.  She's 21 months.  Her eyes lit up and she yelled, "ELMO"!  She sleeps with it, it lays on the couch with her, it sits next to her reading.  She's a petite kid, 50% ht/wt on the scales, and she can easily tote this thing around and it doesn't overwhelm her.  Unfortunately it's now part of the menagerie that must be in the bed when she sleeps, so we have a stuffed bird, stuffed rabbit, a plastic baby from Target, a sheep lovey, a rabbit lovey, a bear lovey, a frog lovey that holds her binky, and now Elmo.  I don't quite get how there is room for her in there but she makes it work.  Anyway, if you are looking for no noise, no mechanical bits, just a stuffed animal that will be loved to baldness, this is the one to get.
Very soft and cuddly!  My son loves it!
So sweet and cute! Fits our baby's nursery well :)
Cute!
Better than Elmo, dare I say! We  We LOVE the TMX Cookie! We already had original Tickle Me Elmo and TMX Elmo and now....Cookie just joined the family! We don't even have kids yet! But crack up at the laughter these monsters put out!!!!! It is sooo fun and dare I say Cookie is funnier than Elmo!!!!!!!!!! Sorry lil Red dude! We love when our friend's kids visit and they can play with them all! Can't to get Ernie too! You must have the whole collection!
Recommend getting this brand!!  I can't get over how cute & plush these lil guys are! Our daughter has four favorites & we were able to get every one  & she has no idea they're going to be under the tree! Totally adorable for lil kids but the older ones love them just as much! Haha
Great!  All the paw patrol stuffed animals are great and perfect size for little arms. My daughter has them all and loves them.
Unbeatable price  The only thing I could possibly complain about is that the shipping took 3 weeks.  The price and the great quality more than made up for the long wait.  My 7 year old loved it even if it came the day after Christmas.
Awesome  My Grand daughter will love it.  The cloth eyes make it safe vs the plastic eyes.  Its soft and hugable!
My son loves this and sleeps with him every night
good quality  So cute.  Good quality.  Just what every five year old boys wants.
Daniel and Tigey  My grandson loves anything Daniel Tiger. I received  this way before estimated delivery date is as described and more very cute. I was going to keep him at my house but my grandson had to have  tigey to sleep at his house lol.
Love it!  This animal muppet is adorable & a great quality for the price.  The colors are bright & my son loved this gift from the Easter bunny.
Cute!  Cute!
She loves them!  My granddaughter loves these. They are a perfect size, not to big and not tiny like the hard ponies they are making nowadays. Also nice that they are soft so she can cozy up with them.
Beautiful!  Beautiful little doll that my 4 year old hasn't let out of her sight since she recieved it. Nice to see a doll that isn't typical princess colours.
My kids love paw patrol, they both got one of these and sleep with it every night.
Perfect
Mike!!  -Purchased for my child who loves Monsters Inc. -Great quality. -No issues with it going off in the middle of the night. It only makes noise when you play with it. -Would recommend and purchase again.
my kids loved them
Nephew loves.  This little guy made my young nephew very happy.  It is well made so there are no issues letting him take it to bed.  If you have someone small that likes Bob this is cute.
Very cute  Very cute and grandson who's 1 loved Daniel.
It's my son's favorite stuffed animal
Thank you for Barney  My granddaughter loves barney .  She carries  barney around all day.and sings to him. Barney made a big hit with a little girl. I could not find him in any local store. I was happy to find him on Amazon. Thank you
They are nice and soft because they are the plush style  I gave these two dolls to my grandniece who loves the movie Frozen.  They are nice and soft because they are the plush style, so she can sleep with them.  They are also nicely made.  She loved the dolls and wouldn't put them down.
She loved it.  This was a Christmas gift for a 3 year old.  She loved it.
Loved it!
I have twins, and each got an ugly doll when they were babies.  One lost hers years ago, but leave it to amazon to be the place to find something!  The doll was the exact model of the original she had, but was a smaller size (I didn't research thoroughly, so that's on me) but she LOVES it.
Perfect for my 9 month old  I gave this toy a really good "tug session" to see if I had any worries or concerns before giving it to my baby girl.  I found it to be very well made. It was exactly what I was looking for.  The material is soft (though not overly).  I was looking for something not scratchy and this was perfect.
Good quality plush toy  Very fast shipping. Good quality plush toy. My kids love them 
Very nice toy- really does smell like chocolate  Very nice toy-  really does smell like chocolate!  Attached base makes it a great display for a child's shelf.
Cute
Ordered as Christmas gift for 9-year-old grandson. He hasn't received it yet, so can't give his reaction.  Purchased as Christmas gift for grandchild. I don't see the attraction, but it's what he wanted.
cute
Awesome plush  Been looking for this plush, my age 7 son was looking forward to receiving it for his birthday and has not let it out of his sight since received.
Great Eastern Sonic The Hedgehog Cream The Rabbit 7.5" Plush is nicely made, not cheap.  Great Eastern Sonic The Hedgehog Cream The Rabbit 7.5" Plush is nicely made, not cheap. It looks like the original.
Daughter loves it.
Glad I found some Amy Lee things on Amazon!  great plush!
My son loves it!  My son asked for this for a gift.  He sleeps with it every night, which kind of makes me laugh.
Wonderful plush  Got this for my son who loves all things in the solar system.  He loves it.  All the celestial buddies are great.
Smiles from my grandchildren.  Smiles from my grandchildren.
Adorable. Not small either.
Great quality thanks!
Plush Giraffe  This is nice size stuffed animal. Its about 2" tall, has good colors and is good quality. Very well stuffed, the neck and legs stays sturdy. You can put it any where and it won't fall. This giraffe looks so real that it makes me feel like I have a baby giraffe at home. My son really likes the giraffe. This is a great for a gift for a kid that loves animals. It's good for gift giving and it's adorable. I love it.  I was sent these for review, however it does not effect my thoughts and opinions.
Cute. Thanks.
My niece loved this present.
soo cute.  I love my Bumble!!..he will fit nicely with my singing Rudolph!!.
The toy was perfect! Just as described and soft  The toy was perfect!  Just as described and soft!  Fantastic gift and made a little girl smile!
Great value.  Exactly as expected. My son's favorite toy.
It's just the right size and love it
Got 3 of these little guys for use in my photo studio. Really cute and added the touch I needed for an Easter photo shoot.
Great gift item  My nephew really loves this toy.  He plays with it often.  Great gift item.
Very good
Best Plush Ever  It's everything I wanted my favorite Pokmon plush to be! Relatively large and soft, it also has spot on design. Couldn't ask for more!
These guys are so cute!  The quality of these plushies are great! And the set together was cheaper than I was able to find in local stores.
Plush turtle  I love the plush! I love that it is soft, very good quality. The eyes are very good. It is a very good plush
It's perfect.  My daughter absolutely loves this! It's perfect.
Perfect Easter Gift!
My daughter loves this toy!!
Love it! ^_^  It didn't take long for it to arrive. My sister adores it. The size is great and in a good price compared to others. The sewing is good too. And brand new to. :)
Cute for all of us Nerds!  I bought this for a friend's birthday gift. She often works with blood samples in a lab so I thought it would be cute if I filled a cylinder shaped glass vase with polished glass rocks the colors of white (for  WBCs), peach (for platelets), translucent clear (for plasma), and red (for RBCs). I put the giant RBC on top of those, topped it off with a styrofoam cone that I lopped off to look like a cork and VIOLA! A Nerd-tastic gift for my work-o-holic friend. =)  The plush is approx 5 inches in diameter as stated. It's small, and quite expensive (9$ for the wee thing!). Anyone can easily make them. Of course, you pay for the convenience of it all. And best of all, it's super cute!
Cutest Fireman Bunny  I love this bunny! But does that really matter - no, because what really mattered was whether my son loved it. I gave it to my 2 year old son the other day and he was so excited. It is a great size plush animal. Larger and a better quality than what I imagined. His fur is so soft, definitely nice against my little one's skin. He has a friendly face with the cute little bunny tooth.  I love that his eyes are embroidered because I always worry about eyes that can be pulled off with little ones playing with them. He is easy to grasp and carry, especially by those soft ears sticking out of his fireman hat.  His clothes is also a nice fabric with printing on it, and it is not removable, which I am fine with but my son really wanted to take off the hat.  Luckily it is stitched on well so no worries about losing his accessories.  The only downside is that the fireman jacket looks more like a skirt than a jacket with the way it was designed, but that is just me inspecting this toy up close and noticing the small details. From afar he looks like a regular fireman bunny.  Overall my son loves this bunny, playing with him instantly and he already made the bunny a part of the bedtime crew. My five year old daughter fell in love with him too and wished I would get her one as well.  I recommend this if you are looking for a cute soft plush toy for a little one or if you know a child who loves BabyFirstTV.  I received this product for free in exchange for a honest and unbiased review.
Daughter loves it
Loves it!  Another great item for my sons Mario plush collection!
Cute and Cuddley  If your child likes the llama llama books, then you HAVE TO BUY this plush llama llama doll! It is absolutely adorable. My daughter loves hers!
Wish come true!  This was a gift for my little nephew who kept asking for a vampire for Christmas!  He loves his "friends" very much!
4 year old loves it!  My daughter quickly made this one of her new favorite toys. She loves it.  The end. Except I need more words.
what's not to love
Great flag, ARMY STRONG too, love the tough look, heavy duty, will last a long time! GO ARMY!
Adorable. Cuddly. And the perfect dashboard companion.
Super cute!  I bought this for myself and a friend. We just love Princess Daisy! The packing was done very well and the product is adorable.
Plushy and cute  But does it have any moves? j/k  Cute and cheap, very nice as a stocking stuffer. Can be used to bribe any Pokemon fans or to run away from them.
very nice quality
Amazing!  This plush is amazing! The materials are very soft (except for the rough fabric used for the eyebrows and hair), and looks exactly like Morton should. It's part of San-ei's newest plush set, which came out in early December 2013, so the prices are kind of high (around $28 last I checked), so if you don't want to spend a lot of money, I would wait until the prices lower, because I'm almost sure they will. All in all, it's a great plush with tons of detail - I would highly recommend.
Adorable, especially for Llama Llama story lovers
Xmas present  This is a Christmas Present and my daughter is going to love it.  she has some Mario characters already and wanted this one too.
Awsome  My children love this little guy, great little plush would buy again.
Love Animal!  I purchased this for a friend and it was perfect "Animal".  I do wish it had come with a little drum set!
Love it so much!  Overall, I would say that this product is very good and it was delivered about a week earlier than expected. It looks exactly like in the picture and as described (same size, colour, cutting).  I've always had a fear of purchasing from online stores, but I decided to give this a try as I wanted to get this as a gift for my friend. There were some parts of the toy that hinted it was probably quite old and the cotton brand tag on the toy looked as though it was about to come off when it came.  It is also a little over-priced, in my opinion.  But, all in all, I would say that it was a good and satisfying buy. Thank you very much for the fast shipment and good product!! :D
Great quality plush  Perfect! This was well-made. My daughter is crazy about it. Recommended!
My daughter is completely obsessed with this doll, to the point that I had to buy a backup doll in case of it getting lost or damaged. She carries it around the house, sleeps with it, eats with it, etc. I love that it is lightweight and small enough for her to do these things with. It's cuddly and soft and just right for her.
Tongue is fun to play with.  Boo's tongue is a lot of fun to play with. You can put it inside his mouth and then squeeze him, the tongue pops right back out. Also very cute!!!
Great product
Very cute little girl doll for learning dressing skills  This is a great doll for learning dressing skills.  It can also be a toddler's "baby" doll.  I have both the boy and the girl doll and it is fun to play babies with my grandson with them.  We take turns with who is taking care of baby boy and baby girl on a given afternoon.  He is not only learning how to manipulate the zippers, buttons, etc. but also how to take care of his babies.  The little girl is very cute with a yellow boy in her hair and a big smile on her face.
He Loves It!  We went on vacation and stayed in a hotel and the kids saw actual commercials. (Being entirely Netflix folks, they don't see commercials at home.) They saw a commercial for the Stretchkins and 5 year old just would not shut up about the thing. So, for his birthday, a few weeks later, we surprised him with a Stretchkins. He was over the moon excited. He wouldn't take the guy off for days. He wore it to bed. He wore it to church. He wore it in the car (we didn't buckle Stretchkins into the car seat). It came with a DVD, but he has had zero interest in the DVD. He isn't quite as in love now as he was when we first got the Stretchkins, but I am glad I bought him the fad toy of his dreams anyway. It is actually decent quality, which surprised me. And he really does stretch.
exactly as advertised.
Our favorite!  My son LOVES his bunny. Is has been his favorite thing since he was born and now 3 years later he still huls him around everywhere. We loves that it feels like he has no stuffing. He is thin and soft and perfect. I am purchasing another one for my new baby cause he too has taken a liking to it.
You can hug it for hours!  Just looking at the picture, I knew it was going to be cute and huggable, and boy, did I hit it right on the nail with that one. Plush arrived the first day of shipping estimate, and looked exactly like it did in the picture. Very cute and huggable; I recommend it.
I love this pokemon
Cute and well stuffed. Delivered in timely manner. Looks just the way the character should.
REALLY CUTE  This is Adorable and my Granddaughter LOVED it.  She is a big fan of Shopkins and this was one of her favorite Birthday gifts. Thank you.
Love it!  For $20 I thought it wouldn't be worth it but it was for my niece for Christmas but so worth it! Olaf was bigger and fuller than I thought we would be. Not one of those cheap knock offs!
happy  Arrived quickly, adorable. Looks as expected.
Best baby purchase out there!  My 17 month old has been sleeping with her Glow Worm since she was a few months old and is still fascinated by it.  We can put her down and turn off the light and she just lays there and looks at Glow Worm and babbles until she falls asleep.  Worth every penny to make her happy!
happy customer  excellent,  arrived early and as described.  excellent seller.
Perfect my granddaughter will love it
While it does not look 100% like the picture my husband still loves it  While it does not look 100% like the picture my husband still loves it. It sits on top of his dresser. Took a bit on the longer side to deliver but I expected that considering where it was made.
I got a couple of these for handouts. I have to say these are sturdy. My dog has claimed one and she had yes to rip it up.
Must Buy.  My baby carries this everywhere. It's the perfect size for a toddler to carry around everywhere.
... too huge for my liking but the plush is fantastic.  The tail is a bit too huge for my liking but the plush is fantastic.
Excellent
Better than the ones sold at Knotts Berry  Very soft.  Better than the ones sold at Knotts Berry Farm
It's Awesome  Fast Shipping. Packaged Well. I bought it as a gift for a friend who loves Link. I highly recommend buying this doll for yourself or as a gift for Zelda lovers.
Good price. Cute.
Adorable.  My son adores his celestial buddies.  This was the first we received and he was so very excited.  My only minor complaint is that Charon's magnet wanders, but it's easy enough to move it back to where it should be.
So cute  These were such a hit at my daughters party.
Very cute!  it was a bit smaller than I expected, but its plenty cute and very vibrant in it's color! It arrived one time and I really have no complaints
It is adorable it was a gift for our Grandson and my Daughter and Son-in-law love it too!
So cute  Adorable
Love it! :D  That is an awesome cow! Moos really well too :D
Great Elmo!  Quality plush Elmo with soft eyes and nose.  Great plush Elmo!  My niece loved it, she is 2 years old and it is the perfect size for her.
Very Nice!  This doll is awesome. It's bigger than I expected, which is a plus. Our college computer science department has a "women in computing" group and this has become one of the mascots. Recommended
Cute  My girl LOVES it
Adorable  Grandson loves these.  They are made very well and are nice and full.
my brother ordered this on my mom's amazon account a while back, he loves it, it's great if you want a better review check out mine on youtube: [...]
Ciel~!  So, I got this for my sister's 18 birthdays since she's a huge black butler and has been wanting this for awhile now. The shipping was very fast it came here about 5 or 4 days after I ordered it. It was well made. The eyepatch is removable and it even has the very detailed contract mark he made with Sebastion on it!
Good quality stuffy!  Well made, embroidered features, little girl loves them :) Nothing like a carnival game stuffy! Recommended purchase for your bubble guppy lover!!
Wonderful!  Came in the mail very early and I am very pleased with this plush. It is a real Pokemon center plush, and great for play and/or collecting. Great plush. 5 stars!
It keeps her occupied in the car and has been great for her coordination  My daughter loves this toy! It keeps her occupied in the car and has been great for her coordination.
Adorable gift  Everyone was happy-- big sister grabbed the Croc and the newborn gets the socks.
great find!  Fantastic find! My girl loved it. It will be cherished for a long time.  Soft and snuggly for bedtime stories. She now wants to learn ukelele.  Arrived in a timely manner in protective wrapping for xmas.
My son loves this!  My son loves everything Mario! This toy is well made and really cute! It is always at my son's side (racing on Mario Kart, sleeping, eating, etc.)!
Super adorable!!!  I bought this for my 4 year old grandson for his birthday. He loves The Grinch movie and wanted a Grinch birthday party.  So we decorated the house like Who-ville (in August!!) and had a full-blown Grinch party for him. His face when he opened this stuffed Grinch was the best part of the party...he says, "it's a Grinch teddy!!!".  It looks so darn cute in all the birthday photos of him.  He loves it so much, it has taken the place of his teddy bear for night-time snuggles.  It is so cute and the fur is so soft and cuddly.  It is the perfect size.  He brings it with him for overnite stays at Grandmas.  He just loves it!!
Very well made! Would get another plush in the future! Photo I attached is to scale the size of the plush. (I was holding the plush strangely, but its actually able to stand up on it's own.) It's definitely one of my favourites!
Just right for poke-play  This is exactly what my kids wanted.
satisfied
Very sweet and soft  My daughter loves all of her Mickey Mouse Clubhouse miniature dolls.  She calls them her "guys".  Goofy was added to her collection for Easter.  He is softer and more plush than the other members of her collection. Now she just needs Pluto and her she'll have the whole gang!  If only Disney made a Clubhouse just the right size for these guys!
This is genius!  My 18 month old is obsessed with buckles and will play with this for minutes!  Ha, we all know the attention span of kids that age so that is actually a really long time
Really cute toy!!  My daughter is only 1 year old, and she already loves the Sesame Street characters. This toy sounded like a perfect present for her. I was a little afraid to buy it because of all the bad reviews the toy was getting, but, I decided to take the chance anyway. If it helps who feels the same, it is not hard to program it at all, for me, it was actually very easy. The only thing I would like to be changed is the program itself, because I would like for him to say more names from her family. Overall, it is very cute, and she likes it so far. She is too little to understand the games (the toy is for 18 months), but you can put just songs and stories...
clippy Jawa with sound and lights  Eyes light up as well.  We laughed so hard at its Jawish language.  Has three different sounds.
Excellent
Exactly what I thought it was going to be. Arrived quickly. No issues.
ADORABLE  He is adorable and durable. Well crafted stuffed animal.
My niece loved this
Soft and well made  These are so cute and soft! I wish they were about 2 inches bigger, but they work well and are well made. My kids love them.
great product. thank you  Received using a discount code. great product. thank you.
Excellent quality. The only hard part on the doll is her face. Very soft so it is easy to sleep with and carry around.
Jet did not disappoint.  My daughter has all the Sonic plushes, Jet did not disappoint.
Sensational
My grand son and granddaughter loved them very  My grand son  and granddaughter loved them very muc
Absolutly love it!  This Pusheen Cat is just so cute! Absolutly love it!
Exactly what I expected.
SHE GOES EVERY WHERE WITH ME
Aiden's best friend  Great pacifying like it  The problem is I should've gotten 2 or 3?
My baby's FAVORITE toy...  I received Itty Bit as a present before my baby was born.  I figured it would just sit on the shelf as a decoration since none of my other children played with stuffed animals when they were babies.  I was wrong!  As soon as my baby was old enough to sit up and hold onto something, it became his favorite.  Whenever he sees it his eyes light up and he smiles the biggest smile.  Itty Bit is small -- just the right size for baby to snuggle.  It is also very soft with nothing dangerous for baby to chew off.  The small size also makes it a great "security" item since it tucks nicely into the diaper bag.  The only con is that if your baby loves it as much as mine, you will need to buy more than one while the other is washing or in case you loose it.
Furby a hit with grandcild  This was for my 9 year old grandson.  He is totally happy with the Furby. He stated it did all it was supposed to do.
Cute, Cuddly, Cody !  We purchased the smaller version which could hang from the baby carrier when our daughter was first able to explore and play with toys. I noticed how much she absolutely loved the smaller version and was excited when I found out they made a bigger one, that does so much more ! This is a well loved toy in our house and definitely one of the best things we have bought for her , she is almost 2 now. The toy is pretty soft and cuddly , similar to the material that a soft blanket is made out of. The material is easy to spot clean with a wet towel or even a diaper wipe. This is a huge bonus when purchasing a stuffed toy that takes batteries.  There are so many interactive things for Cody to do, however the downloading can seem a bit intimidating at first , but it really was pretty easy . I loved that Cody could be personalized for my child. My child's name, birthday , different holidays and so much more. I like these capabilities as it gives a bit of newness to the toy throughout the year. Our son who is a little older (6 yrs old) seems to enjoy the holiday part, and is totally amused that a toy knows what holidays are coming .  Cody has a decent vocabulary for a toy, and our daughter has seemed to pick up a bit of what he says, repeating things, which has helped up her vocabulary. she is very easily engaged with Cody and will come running from another room just hearing that someone has pressed a button on him causing him to talk. The only downside we have came across with purchasing this, is our 6 yr old does seem interested in it also , which can cause a bit of issues. Because of this, I would say it is definitely enjoyable to kids a little older than stated on the box, and we may decide to purchase one for him also if it seems this will continue to be an ongoing interest for him . Our son has a My Pal Scout from Leap Frog, which is similar to Cody, but neither of the kids seem interested in scout.  We do h
Our grandson loved it !!!
Adorable!  This is a wonderful little plush, and I love it to death. Be aware though, they have a picture of an east sea Shellos, but I received a pink west sea Shellos. It's not -too- big of a deal to me, since I needed both kinds for my collection, but I'm just letting you guys know. I don't have a ruler nearby, but for size, it's about as tall as my hand. All in all, it's an adorable little plush, and I'd definitely recommend it!
Awesome, super soft, just as described
Granddaughter wanted this.
Great toy  My son loves this ball, it's loud enough and it's really easy to maneuver
My granddaughter loves & caries Elmo everywhere.
So adorable  I have seen the "fake" version of this plush and let me tell you that this one is SO worth the extra money. You will not be dissapointed. All the plushes made by San-ei exceed my expectations. They are by far one of the best plush making company I have seen to date.
Luxray is best Pokmon  Soft, adorable, and well made. I was absolutely ecstatic to find an amazing plush version of my favorite Pokmon. A perfect addition to my ever growing collection.
Soft and cuddly!
Perfect surprise gift for my girlfriend!
My kids love these. Smell lasts for a long time.
Excellent.
Giant Microbes!!!!  When microbial organism magnified 100000 times their original size, the result is a creepy creature that looks like something from the outer space. Although these creatures are very tiny in their sizes, they are actually so harmful to our health. Now you can have these expanded living things as plush toys right on your desk to nudge you that we are not alone in this cosmos.
No problems!  Exactly like described, quick shippigg, no problems. My kid is gonna love these.
I bought this for my boyfriend and it is perfect. I am so pleased with its quality  I bought this for my boyfriend and it is perfect. I am so pleased with its quality. The delivery is on time too. Thanks!
Everyone giggled.  Everyone giggled. Have to buy more because everyone wants their own.
Awesome doll!  When I received Sebastian I was surprised at his size. I know it clearly states he's 8" but other plush dolls I have from animes vary in size so it was to be expected. I think he's adorable and I loved the anime so he was a good addition to my family ^-^
Cool toy that is very durable  I bought this for Christmas for my nephew and he LOVES it.  I was told this was his favorite gift.  The toy is very durable and can easily take any abuse an average 8 year old can deal out.
Great size and seems well made.
Must Have for All ages!!!  First off, I'm gonna let you know that this isn't a big plush. It looks incredibly small, but when you hold it next to a ruler, it's about 7 inches high. The details are very very good. In fact, I can't find any problems with it!  They even made the little phycic glands under the ears!!!!! It's incredibly soft, too. The ears are connected to its head with a sturdy piece of thread, but you can cut that string if you want to, although if you cut the strings, the ears bounce around with a mind of their own, but can still lay down. All together, this is a must-have for any fan of Pokmon!
My 1.5 year old loves her Mr. Buckles - so much entertainment - it keeps her busy on long trips and in restaurants. She does have trouble opening the buckles but her 4 year old sister helps her out - so keeps her busy as well!
Arrived on time, product as described, was well-made.
Wonderful!  Beautifully made! So happy with this purchase.
Had to order from another company! This works
Very happy 5 year old  Came very quickly and made my 5 year old very happy. Think I might have lost some hearing from her happy screaming. Very please with this purchase. Will order from them again.
Just what my son wanted!
Love this!
My niece loves Zuma!
So freaking soft  Bigger than I expected it to be, and so soft. I bought an additional one as aone of the birthday gifts I've giving to my best friend. I'm very happy with the result and I'm sure she will be too
My son loves it!  My 7 year old son is very interested in the extinct Tasmanian Tiger. I bought this stuffed animal for him and he loves it. It is well made and looks exactly like the pictures, even the sad eyes! It arrived well before the estimated delivery date from Australia which he thought was cool.
Christmas present
My son loved this plushy . He takes it everywhere and people always ask about the toy !
not machine washable tho...
Perfect  Perfect
Great toy  Well made, my daughter loves it.
Little boy loves it!  He's 16 months and it's perfect size for him and super soft.  He hasn't put it down.  He now has his very own "emomo" and he's stoked!
his hair is more like thin pieces of yarn  Very cute and has Velcro on the arms and legs so you can make him hug someone.  He is not as furry as most stuffed animals, his hair is more like thin pieces of yarn, but they don't unravel.
Nice quality. Special item for a special girl  Nice quality.  Special item for a special girl.
Adorable  I ordered two for my granddaughters as gifts....OMG....They are adorable....The actual dolls are soooo much cuter than the pictures...I can't wait to give them to the girls....I know they are gonna love them...If you have a vampire fan from 5 to 18...this will be a perfect gift...
This was a gift!  This was a gift for a little girl who is a very organized little person. She loves containers, and a place to put anything and everything. Ha, ha. She liked that it was a place to stuff some odds and ends. It was really cute.
Awesome purchase! Great light up toy for bedtime!  Bought this for my son's 3rd birthday. Needless to say he LOVES it. There are different options. Light up only with no music. Light up with music Option 1: Sounds kind of like Hawaiian music, but it plays the same 10 or so seconds on repeat...but it is a pleasant sounds so it's not too bad. Option 2: Birds/cricket outdooor sound. There is a few different volume levels so it can be turned down quietly or off for naptime.  My only minor complaint is that the lights can be a bit bright for the dark. It definitely lights up his bed area. But I just tell my son the Charley is cold and needs to be slightly covered up with a blanket to minimize the bright lights...even so I don't think he minds the lights that fade and change every few seconds and it hasn't kept him awake longer. He appreciates not being in the dark. Also, the lights/music would keep on playing for a very long time. I haven't timed it, but I think they don't turn off for like 45minutes which drains the batteries faster because it's on for so long every time the buttons are pressed. We put rechargeable batteries in him so it doesn't matter as much, but still noteworthy.  All in all Charley is soft, perfect size and way adorable. Both my children love him to pieces. If it were to break I would definitely buy another one for my 3 year old as he would be deeply missed  If Charley the Chameleon broke
Really Soft! It's bigger than I expected (....that's what she said)  Really Soft! It's bigger than I expected (....that's what she said)
If your considering buying this... DO!  Amazing! My toddler is obsessed with buckles. This instantly grabbed her attention and kept it. It's soft, colorful and even has number flaps and a zipper.
Good quality cable and is an exact replacement for syma x8g camera  Cable is exactly as descibed and works perfectly as a replacement to the factory cable I lost for my SYMA X8G camera. The package even came with 2.
my younger grandson love it. slept with it all night. +++++++++++
I bought this because my pug needed another friend although he has almost a dozen but this pug has curly tail like my pug and it's so similiar when my real pug close eyeslove this toy!
Soft and loved  I got these fory lil cousin and nephew for their birthdays. they loved them
My 2 year old walks around roaring at people... It's awesome  He loves this thing.
so cute
My toddler loves it
... to buy another one for my niece ASAP They love  Bought one for my brother & had to buy another one for my niece ASAP They love it
My granddaughter loved it Carries it where ever she goes  My granddaughter loved it Carries it where ever she goes!!!
Great for those who love super soft toys  It's soft, cute, and squishy. What more could you ask for? The whole line of Squishables is amazing. These plushies appear to have been made with great care and a lot of attention to detail.
Brilliant. My grandsons loved this little guy!
Totes Adorbs  So cute, my daughter loves this!
Kids love Peter Rabbitt  Love Beatrix Potter and Peter Rabbitt
Gift
More Hetalia stuff for my cosplay nut.
Perfect for baby's room  Too cute for words! These two were a necessary purchase since I was decorating my nursery in Star Wars characters. Han made it, with a little sewing, onto the mobile with Rey, Chewie, BB-8, and the Stormtrooper. Leia, with a little more sewing, was turned into a jingly rattle for my daughter. Everyone who sees it, loves how cute a toy she makes!
great toy  Bought this for my son. He loves his Elmo. He takes them everywhere. Loves his sleepy time friends. Great price
Perfect  Plush looked great! Soft, well formed. Perfect size for playing or displaying. No complaints.
Perfect gift for my daughter!  My 6 year old wanted one of these so much! Her hair is yarn, and her body is soft, with a tail made of shimmery, less packed material (so it can flop around a bit). She has a jewel at the top of her bodice that is stitched to her rather than being glued. The doll is almost as long as my kid, so it can be unwieldy, but it is exactly what she wanted.
Bedtime Buddy  Not creepy at all like some other Elmos!
My order arrived quickly and in great condition.  I purchased this little guy to use as a prop for my Cinderella photo portraits. He's very well made, cute, and realistic. My order arrived quickly and in great condition.
My little girl love it and he's just her hight of 29 or so in.
Amaaaaazing!  These are my sons new favorite toys, he loves them so much. They are about the size of beanie babies, which is perfect for a toddler. And they arrived a week before expected!
Too cute!
Adorable  It was bigger than I thought it would be. It's very cute and looks like the character. I got my order very quickly too.
Good gift for Mario fans  Cute, came in timely fashion. Well made.
As described  Cute bear. No issues.
kids like it
Love it  Yes a new family tradition
Awesome Hatsune Miku plush doll  It arrived much earlier than I expected it (23 days before the estimated delivery date!). It was also in great condition! I'm very satisfied with this kawaii Hatsune Miku plush. <3 So, I highly recommend it!
She loved it  bought this for a little girls birthday and she loved just wish it was bigger but it was so cute.
Baby girl loves it!!!  My Pumpkin Loves It, super soft and cannot sleep without it.
Great plush toy for colors counting and motor skills  This was given to my 5 year old daughter, I thought she might be a little old for this however, she loves Blue the whale! My daughter is learning spanish so she says the color in Spanish for each buckle. Blu the whale has helped her with motor skills,colors and counting. Blu is plush and cuddly. Also, since the mouth un-zips she likes to carry her small toys inside. Blue has been taken to bed every night since receiving this gift!
She is so so sweet. She reminds me so much of my Abby  She is so so sweet.  She reminds me so much of my Abby.
The best gift from tooth fairy  My 5 years old dougther asked in letter to tooth fairy toy guinea pig. Fairy (mom)has found it an amazon. Every ones are happy. This toy is really cute!
Very cute toy.
Mega Man Plushie  I got this for a video game gift exchange. He was about $12, and looked good for the price. His eyes although stuck on, were pretty cute. He was pretty soft, and his colours were vivid and true to his character. A cute stocking stuffer, adding on to your video game plush collection, or for Mega Man fans.
my son loves his toys
Perfect with the book!
perfect  Exactly what I wanted and arrived much faster than expected!
Great toy  Good solid product
AWESOME!  We love this dog, he is totally awesome.  Totally what we expected, got it quick, very happy with our purchase.
It came really early and its exatley the same as the picture
Hours of entertainment!  Love it.  Give it to my 2 yr instead of her readjusting car seat, swing or vibrating chair buckles for her sister
Gorgeous little rabbit.  This is an awefully cute little toy. I absolutely love the Beatrix Potter Collection and this is a cute reminder of the story. It is also great for the nursery. And for children to get their first taste and inkling for the stories.
Perfect Heihei! Love it!
Great size and feels so soft!
Fast shipping Great product.  Fast shipping Great product.
Exactly as I ordered!  It really is adorable! I'm so happy I got this. It's exactly like the picture and everything and arrived pretty quickly.
loveeee  Much bigger than expected which I'm fine with! Super cute and perf for any Celebi lover.
Meta Knight!!  He's awesome, He's made very well & detailed. Perfect for collecting plushies if you are a collecter! Get him now if you are a fan of Meta!! c:
MY DUATHER CANT WHAT!!!!!!  My duater cant what untill kamek arrives she has been  bothering me to order him she says the company san-ie makes high qualiti plushes like her bowser jr plush. Kamek plush to here collection! were hoping he comes on the 28 or the 29!!!!
As expected  Great price for a true Disney doll with the tag still on it. Nice size, good quality, and just what I expected.
Yeah, this is not the best quality.  The eyes are felt (I reinforced them for my sons with fabric glue).  Still, for the price my boys love them.
As expected. Thanks.
Dr. Eggman plush  Nice size great bright colours and well made.
very good.
My son loves these and it is a great price for the 2
Love it  My toddler's favorite. He had this when he was a baby and we keep on buying new one when the old one is too messy[because he takes it wherever he goes]. He calls it a cat :)  He won't sleep without it and will throw a hug tantrum if ever we loose it. Have to have a back up always.
great plush, but be careful for bootlegs
I love dark purple and peeps bunnies so this is great.  Purchased for an adult (me). Overall this purchase was well worth it. It is so soft that it can be used as a pillow. It has a weighted bottom so it sits up nicely.
Nice and good shipping  It's so cute and my boyfriend loved it! Came earlier than expected
Very Cute!  I been looking for a Jiminy Cricket plush for some time. Finally I fould one. This is smaller than I would have liked but apparantly JC plushes are rare. Even Disney doesn't carry them regularly.
as advertised.  as advertised. good material, does not feel flimsy or cheap.
My son LOVEs this animal!!  He ran to the mailbox everyday waiting for delivery which was as promised!
I believe she loved it when received  I ordered this plush toy for a little girl who is currently in Foster care through the CPS program.  On her wish list, she had requested a stuffed Nemo toy.  The toy was very soft and sewed well.  I believe she loved it when received.  My nieces daughter who is about the same age - 3 1/2 years - loved it and wanted to keep it.
Awesome great product it was a gift for my friend she loved it
Adorable !  Bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter who was wanting a stuffed Owl. Not only was this totally cute and fluffy, SHE was tickled to get it. Always happy when you can make the little's happy !!!
Arrived very easily. Which I am glad it did  Arrived very easily. Which I am glad it did. It was a gift for my brother and as it turned out he attended to by one the day before but he had a computer preventing him. The quality great. I would highly recommend it.
Nice stuffed bird.  Good detail
For my 4 year old newphew!  He loved it and the quality for the price was great ! hes a huge how to train your dragon fan
It was very well made and very soft. Our grandson loves it!
She loves it
New Best Friend  I purchased Tadbit the frog for a co-worker's 18 month old daughter for Christmas. It was a huge hit with both mother and daughter.  It is cute, and easy to hold.  It is just the right size for little hands. I understand that Tadbit or "froggy" is a new best friend.  I would recommend this cute little guy.
very cute
Cute. Durable. Used as a prop for an Undertale cosplay.
Sweet Bunny  Purchased Ittybit at a high end department store at the same price as offered by Amazon. Ittybit is the perfect size for little hands and very plush for babies. Ittybit is round and floppy. Bought this for Easter, but my daughter was with me and she wanted to play with the bunny right away. She's going to have to wait though!
It is nice and high quality plush toy  A gift to my daughter and she loves it.  It is nice and high quality plush toy.
as pictured, arrived promptly
Love Lowly and he has been around for a long time so this is very cute
Perfect
Cool  Bought this for my grandson. Shipping was very fast, product was exactly as described. He loved receiving this and plays with it every day
Lovely  Is perfect, very soft and cute
Awesome Product!!  My daughter will love it!!  Larger than I expected which is great!
Made from nice materials,  this plush is pretty  soft and pretty much looks lIke Yevertal.  The bad thing is that the horns are very flimsy and difficult  to get straight  again  alone with the neck tuff being stiff as a wall mount , but still soft.
Good for toddlers  My 3 year old loves this item
The hood comes off, yo.  Super cute and soft--his little round head even comes out of the cat hood!  My son was pleasantly surprised about that and thought it was really funny.  :)
Everyone needs a little troll in their life!  very cool looking
very good
Peter Rabbit  Great to go with book and share with new grandbaby
cute
Perfect size, great quality!  I read through a lot of reviews for multiple Pikachu stuffed animals.  I decided to purchase this one for my son for Christmas.  It was a perfect size!! Not too big and not too small.  It is excellent quality material and my son was beyond excited to get it.  It is a great product and I highly recommend this one!
Nice and Soft  Though small, 8 year old loved it for his collection of Super Mario Plush.
but it's an adorable ball of fluff so I expected as much  It may shed a little, but it's an adorable ball of fluff so I expected as much! I love it!
Deadpool  I was surprised when we received this product at how well it seemed to be made.  We purchased it for our son, who loves Deadpool like his daddy, and he was over the moon excited.  I like how it is all soft pieces verses the Funko brand where the swords are a stiffer material.  He actually is able to stand with some manipulation (meaning simply centering the toy correctly).  The toy in real life looks just like the picture so I was please about this as well, although his head does look a little funny.  I'm very happy we bought this one.
I love it
Cute and Awesome Plush!!!!!!!  Simply a great and wonderful plush!!!!!  You should buy it!!!!
The Beast  Loved the beast! Great service! Glad I was able to find this. Very plush and soft.very true to the original movie.
Got this little cutie for a great deal, it's excellent quality with high detail stitching and very soft materials. A must have for any hardcore Lilo and Stitch fan.
Great.
So cute! Came as advertised.
Got it for one of my toddler students for her birthday. She and her parents both loved it. Even though they were not famair with the anime, Cardcaptor Sakura, they loved how cute the stuffed animal is.
Awesome
Perfect  Working on the collection. These are small plush stuffed animals.
Replacement Ugly.  I bought this for my adult son to replace one that I had given him years before.  His brother and girlfriend lost it.  They bought themselves a new one but not him. He like it and being a special edition was nice.
My child is very satisfied with the doll!!!!
My daughter loves it, so I order several different color online.
My daughter loved it.  Good quality
adorable!!  Bought this for my daughter last year for Christmas for my mother in law, she loved it and so did I, it's big and so cute!!!
My little one has loved her glow worm since 3 months old  My little one has loved her glow worm since 3 months old. I loved it when I was a kid too! Sweet little cuddle toy
Thanks
fun
My friend loved it, such a cute plush toy for a Christmas gift.
Awesome Quality  The quality of this item was outstanding and the description on the ad was accurate. My daughter freaked when she got this for xmas!
GREAT!!  I am giving this Pikachu a 5 star rating because it is just like I ordered and it was smaller than I expected but I think it is cuter small and it can sit up on its own. Perfect coloration and everything. I got it today . LOVE IT!!
I love it  Loved it
great stocking stuffer  super cute
My granddaughter doesn't leave home without him
My baby boy loved it
It definitely satisfied a Moana obsessed 5 year old  It is larger than I expected. My daughter loves the  soft plush, she sings, talks, lights up. It definitely satisfied a Moana obsessed 5 year old.
Well made  This was a gift to my 6 year old granddaughter, who is infatuated with Cheetahs.  She really loves it, and the fact it has a baby with it was a big plus. Her new favorite toy.
Bought this guy for my niece for Christmas and he's so cute! He's got all the zips buttons and ties I wanted and he's still huggable!
Grandson loved it
This was a gift and my friend loved it.
Good gift  I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine. She was so surprised and happy that she cried. The quality was really good and although it looked squished in the package, as soon as I took it out it fluffed up. It isn't large, more like an overflowing handful. But she was happy it was smaller so she could carry it around with her. I would buy it again.
Pleasantly surprised  Very cute and well made
Furbish  My granddaughter loved it first because it is her favorite color and second it was just what she wanted. thanks
Looks exactly like the picture. My son LOVES IT!  Looks exactly like the picture. My son LOVES IT! It is actually bigger than I expected, it seems well made and comes wrapped in plastic and card attached.
love it  It was actually a lot bigger and more plush than I expected, and better made, we are happy with it.
Good!  My niece loved it for her birthday.
I was very happy with my purchase. Will definitely be shopping with them again.
Much loved doll and playmate for a lover of Trolls.
Love it
love it
Really Nice KK Slider Doll  Very good quality! Is perfect for collectors or anyone that loves animal crossing! my son loves it and you will too!!!
Good
Dora the Explorer  This has been purchased as a match to Boots the monkey.  They are favorites of my granddaughter and I am sure she will love them
VERY cute little goat!  Lifelike, and very plush.  Soft.
so cute
Love it  My son (20 months old) loves this toy! Keeps him entertained for hours. Would definitely recommend
super cute!  fast shipping
Large Dragon  My 8-year old son loves this plush! A few notes to potential buyers - it is every bit of the 24 inches long and it's not as soft as some plush toys. This was fine with my son because he says it feels more scaly - like a dragon should. Also note that it took a long time for us to receive it -but he was happy with the product once it arrived.
Cuddly
Adorable little zombie!  I got this for my daughter who is obsessed with zombies....She won't be getting it until Christmas, but I'm in love with this little thing.  I might even have to buy another one for myself!  Anybody who love zombies will adore this toy.
Absolutely adorable  I bought this product for an extra flair to my sasuke halloween costume and I am extremely satisfied with the product. I ordered the product on a tuesday and I used standard shipping, but I received it the next week on monday. That's like 4 business days. I'm extremely happy with the shipping, the product and just about everything else about this.
Dumbo  He is exactly as shown and described. Love him.
nice!  really nice quality, soft and really large. My grandson loved it
This is a cute toy. One of my daughters favourites.
Cute dinosaur I'm sure my grandson is going to love his roaring dinosaur  Cute dinosaur I'm sure my grandson is going to love his roaring dinosaur. I love gund items they are well made and perfect for small children for love to put their toys in their mouths.
My grandson loved it. It was perfect.
Arrived in perfect condition. Great seller and great item  So cute!  Arrived in perfect condition.  Great seller and great item!
Kind of sad to say but my girlfriend loves this lol
Tiny Charmander, I choose you!  It's SOOOO cute! I've wanted a nice Charmander doll for a while and I was not disappointed at all with this one. Thanks, guys! :D
Soooo cute!  Such a cute stuffed animal.  Made well and perfect size.
Hetalia toy.
My dragon came a week early than the actual date it was due to arrive which was great and even tho its rather small its still cute and my little boy loves it and wants his own.
This is so adorable! I'm a huge Harry Potter fan and my son happens to love dragons so what better little Christmas gift! I can't wait to see him open it!
Great  Had to buy a second one foe another grandchild that loved her brothers.
... - this arrived on time & the quality is great.  Purchased for a coworker - this arrived on time & the quality is great.
cute, just as pictured!  cute, just as pictured. It arrived early and it was just as pictured. Bought for a gift and they loved it.
Elmo is our grandson's favorite Muppet. This toy was an immediate hit at our house.
Cute and washable!  I thought it was very cute and rate the washable factor highly.  The two year old recipient seemed impressed and cuddled it.  Hard to tell when conversation is limited to a couple words and there's lots of other presents to open.
My 4 year old grandson absolutely loves his "Buddy".  It is cute, cuddly and well made!
Cute and Sassy!  Very well made.  An adorable Miss Piggy doll for all ages.  I especially like her hot pink attire and fur boa.
This was on my Grandson's birthday list.
My son collects itty bitty boo and just loves this one
She says a variety of sentences that are easy to understand  My daughter LOVES this doll! She says a variety of sentences that are easy to understand.
She loves it!
He's here with 'lots of warm hugs!'  Olaf took a little bit longer to get here but he was met with 'lots of warm hugs!'  He is adorable and just the right size for loving hugs. Received a 'shipping delay' from both Amazon and seller . . . the last date for arrival was 1 June. Definitely worth the 12 day delay. Well constructed and super soft for cuddles . . . granddaughter (6 years old) recommended and seconded by me!
Suuuuppppeeerrrr soft and cute- great gift
Grandson approved!  My 1.5 year old grandson loves his elk, he carries it around everywhere.  I bought this for him because he is quite obsessed with elk.  The elk is a nice size, he tucks "Kevin" under his arm and runs around with him all day and sleeps with him at night.  I picked this one out because the antlers looked like they would hold up to a toddler, they do.  No sagging or bends as of now.  The material is very soft and the stitching seems durable.  Would recommend for those who are also elk obsessed.
cute addition for a nursery  I love this elephant.  It was purchased as an accent for my nursery and it fit my theme perfectly.
Great!
Great gift!  Sister is obsessed with sloths, I don't know why! She loved it!!!
Love Donald perfect size
very cute!
nice size, not too big  Very cute, nice size, not too big,  push his center and he makes all his android noises.  My grandson and his parents are big star wars fans.  Bought this for my grandson's 3rd birthday, he is going to love it.
super cute!  soft, "well built" (meaning it has good stitching, doesn't look cheaply made).  bought as a gift, and she loves it!
Looks like Olaf. Kids love it. Not much else to say. Toddler approved.
Little Godzilla fans have to have this stuffy  My 4yr old has a new best friend. He loves this stuffy. Goes everywhere with him. He sleeps with him. It's big enough but not to big. Just right for a 4yr old big hug. I recommend this to any little Godzilla fan. He seems to be durable too.
Cuddly, Soft & Collectible  Cuddly, Soft, Well-made & Highly Collectible. My children draw these figures and make cartoon episodes out of them. They're adorable and pillow-like.
Grandma's happy  Grandson picked and loves it!  Soon he will be pushing away stuff animals.  Grandma's happy too!  It's cute and bright.  Not very big.  Seems well made.
Adorable  Received sooner than expected. Was exactly what I expected. It was adorable.
great quality and very durable.  My daughter loves him!
ARRIVED SAFELY. XMAS PRESENT, NOT OPENED YET.
Love  PokemonGo fanatic in the house! Love it
I recently bought this for my fiance for our anniversary. We both play Dragonvale together. upon opening i was really quite suprised how well its made for a plush toy. just kinda struck me xD
Daughter Loves It  My daughter, Lily, Loves it. Not sure why, but she loves it.
Love it!  This is a soft, beautiful plush!
Brand new
Love it!  My toddler loves this Elmo.  She was so excited when the box came, and has played with it consistently for months now.  Shows no wear so far, and the size is perfect for her to carry around as an early walker.
my Daughter loves it
This was a Xmas present from Father Xmas for my 8yr old daughter. Of course she was fascinated. Mummy (me) bought one of the Furblings, so even more awesome, as the two creatures actually talk to each other. Turning it off though can be treaky. The first time, we just took out the batteries, but after a few tries were able to turn it off.
Son loves it
Perfect Running Companion  I ordered for my daughter to wear at the Tinkerbell half marathon at Disneyland and she was so happy to open it when it arrived!
Awesome gift!  We got this for our son for christmas 2 years ago and he has literally carried it everywhere with him ever since. He loves sully! Would def refer this to any monster fan!
Great toy  Wonderful for my 22 month old. Keeps her busy for hours. She loves it and cuddles it like a teddy bear. Great for motor skills. Higly suggest.
Perfect just like advertised
like the movie  Not the best quality but children will love it. I sprayed scotch guard on it so it will keep it's clean colors. Like I said it feels a bit cheap but the kid will love it.
So cute!  It does not get cuter than Sven! Well worth the money!
17 month old loves it.  Just what I expected. My 17 month old loves it.
this should do the trick  Wanted to show my appreciation to my assistant, came fast, in great condition & can't wait to give this to her....stay tuned!!
Very happy with the purchase!  My five year old daughter loves her some Stitch!
Nice product but took nearly 1 1/2 months to arrive  Daughter got as gift for friend. Nice product but took nearly 1 1/2 months to arrive.
she loved to play with the cow  My baby is 5 months old, she loved to play with the cow. Actually she like to suck its legs and arms and it helped her to fall asleep. I was so sad when we lost the toy during our last trip. Wanted to order the new one but the cow toy is out of stock ((( ordered the moose, hopefully it is the same odorable and the red color will not fade
Thank you for your speedy service I love it . My husband is a Star Wars fan
Small but Cute!  Nice detail work for a small plush! Quick delivery
Love this toy  Buckle toys are the best way for my granddaughter to entertain herself for long periods of time.  She is 18 months old and has mastered all the buckles.  I am using it to talk about colors and numbers.
Great for a Pokemon Themed Bedroom  It was exactly as described. My 7 year old loves it! Thank you.
flapper betty boop plush doll  this is an adorable item, very well made, well worth what i paid for it, very cute, and it's perfect
This little guy is just too perfect! Nice quality  This little guy is just too perfect! Nice quality. Bought it for my newborn nephew. Think I'll have to buy another because I can see this becoming his "lovey" and you always need a backup on those! :) Love it!
Love this bunny!!  I love Bunnies by the Bay stuffed toys!!  This little bunny did not disappoint. She's super soft and sweet. A little smaller than the previous bunnies I've purchased, which makes it perfect for little hands.
Cute!  Bought this as a gift for a friend of my children.  He loves it!  He can take it places he can't take his real Golden.  Cute and seems well made.
So cute!  These french stuffed animals are adorable.  The limbs, and trunk in this case, are just the right size for little hands to drag the toy around.  And they are machine washable.  What more could you want!
Fun for candy, thank you cards, etc.
soft and cuddly  this was purchased for our great grandson age 7. he loves toy story and was tickled to get Woody. he sleeps with him now.
Sasuke Plush  This Sasuke plush is well made! As one of my favorite Naruto characters, they did a pretty good job recreating Sasuke in plush form. There was a yellow string on his head if you want to hang him around somewhere, so I left than on. The plush is quite stiff to hug...maybe he still wants Sakura to stay away and prevent her from hugging him? ;)
My grandson absolutely loved it.
Beautiful shark  Item Details: -The overall shape of the shark and fins are very detailed.  It is a very accurate representation of a hammerhead-shark-shape (very surprising in a plush). -The colors on shark are just as they appear in the image. -It is fairly large; expect it to be approximately 2 feet as stated in the description. -The shark is soft, but the stuffing is firm which allows it to hold its shape well.  The soft exterior "fur" is short; it is not "fluffy" in a furry or softly-stuffed way. -The eyes are the hard glass-like kind and are firmly attached.  Seller experience:  Rhode Island Novelty sold this to me for $11, which is be on the "very good deal" side a reasonable price.  They also shipped immediately after the order, and I received it a full day ahead of my "guaranteed 2 day" date.  Fantastic.  Anecdote:  My 2 year old is a fan of sharks and really loves it.  He is still excited about it, but it has only been a short time.  I will update this review if the shark does not hold up to a 2 year old's wear-and-tear.  If I don't update, expect that the shark is still in tact and getting dragged around my house.
A winner!! My kid loves it and sleeps with it every night, also very reasonably priced
I bought this as an add on and was disappointed in its size  I bought this as an add on and was disappointed in its size. I guess I should have read better. It's a slap bracelet. Not s largely. Maybe 5" tall.
Cute Elmo Doll  For the price, this is what I expected from the toy.  A few phrases and sneezes.  Nothing super fantastic, but it's Elmo!  So my daughter loves it.
Super cute toy any kid would love=)  WAAAAAAY cooler than I expected! It is very large for the price which surprised me! I perform at children's birthday parties as the cast of Frozen and this is a special gift I brought for one of the little boys turning 3! Super cute toy any kid would love=)
My granddaughter loved it!
This was awesome.
This is no hustle, bunny.  Shipped fast in perfect condition with all tags intact! I love the detail of Nicks's tie on the belly, too cute.
But your kids will love it!  This thing will scare the mess out of you in the middle of the night saying "I can't feel my legs, I can't feel my legs." Ha ha ha. But your kids will love it!
So cute...  I bought this toy for my nephew for christmas (age 2). The doll is so cute, sounds just like Cailliou, can't wait to give it to my nephew. The doll speaks both english and french, says one sentance in english then repeats it in french, so it's a cute way for small kids to start being exposed to another language. He is a soft doll, no hard parts, so he is perfect for little ones to snuggle up with at night. This doll is a must have for Cailliou lovers!
Great addition  Great addition to the other characters
Elf on the Shelf Pets  Will go nicely with the Elf on the Shelf i already have.  Love it.
My daughter loved this stuffed Kirby, great addition to her collection.
So dang cute and snuggly  LOVE IT!!!!!!
Cute!  Wayyy bigger than I thought but so cute and soft. Great quality!
Soft!  Big, but soft and funny...this Piglet is a favorite of our 2 yo grandson (triplets).  When I reed an AA Milne story, they need to bring Pooh, Piglet & Eeyore to listen, too.  Now they are looking for Roo...
My daugther loved it I absolutely recommended for the little princess
Cute Penguin  Very cute, lights up well and plays music
Shipped in so quickly!  I have it to my friend as a gift and she loved it!! It came in so fast, I was surprised! I would recommend this to any Madoka Magica fans looking for a plushie.
Grand baby loves her!
Arrived very quickly, exactly as pictured.
Loved it
Super soft and cute when I got it, it came perfect. No problems at all.
Just as promissed
Cute  Adorable. He made a great gift and has held up well over time.
EXCELLENT choice.  Purchased both Mia and Bia for granddaughters, both 3 years old. EXCELLENT choice.
This plush is a good size. Its beautiful and so soft!! It's very well made. LOVE IT!
Adorable & well loved  This bunny has been everywhere with our daughter, from 3 months old to 17 months & counting. I have 3 now, just in case one goes MIA. I rotate them in the wash so she doesn't notice the difference between the triplets. Only thing is have to hide the other two until the current one in use is too dingy to tolerate. Perfect size, too. Great for little hands to hug and easy to throw in my purse. Bunny is very well loved.
If you're a Mario fan, you have to get a Koopa Kid
Great buy!  Adorable and reasonably priced. A great addition to my kids pokemon collection. Fast shipping, and it looks just like the picture. The charzard costume is not detachable from picachu
It was really cute and perfectly in tact! The ear was a bit floppy but that is to be expected of those giant ears.
Great quality!
Cute  Got this for my son and he hasn't stopped playing with it. He loves it.
A very nice toy, purchased as a gift it arrived promptly in a simple clear dust bag. Each part is individually sewn, and the colors are true to image.
My daughter loves this sweet worm. It plays gentle lullabies and he fact softly glows. The batteries are included and when you open the back of the workout has a few settings so you can have it glow and play music, just glow, and off. The worm's body is soft and cuddly. I am very pleased with this toy.
the most adorable little stuffed dolls
My son loves this super cute doll  I purchased this Mickey Mouse plush doll for my son who loves to watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse. This doll is super cute and is the perfect size for him. He is three years old and this is his  very first Mickey Mouse item  that  I have ever purchased him.
cool shark and well made  Good size animal and very well made. Has quickly become one of my sons favorites. I would reccomend this one. Not a very common species for a stuffed animal.
Captivating toy  This toy is an excellent teaching and entertainment item for little Toddlers. My 18 month old plays with it every day! She is captivated by it.
The plush looks GREAT!!  The plush looks GREAT!!! Heavy which is good and not messed up also looks identical to the picture given thanks so much for the plush its amazing!!
my boys love it  Very soft, my boys love it
My kid loved this...it was super good quality!!
I loved it because 20 board is my favorite character
Soft and Adorable  The was a gift for our son's 8th birthday. This plush zombie is soft, snuggly, and is actually pretty adorable (for a zombie). Our son LOVES it. He said it was his favorite birthday toy.
PERFECT and great price!
I gave it to my 2yr old grandson for Christmas and he loved it . He has all the Paw Partol pups and this one completed his collection.
Who could possibly not love this friend!
My 2 year old absolutely loves her Elmo!  Great product all round. It was love from the moment she saw it. Even I like my daughter's Elmo. Lol! Would definitely recommend it.
Just Beautiful 
Great Product  The Macally mouses are some of the best I have found.  Whenever I need a mouse I look for a Macally.
I got this for a coworker who just had their gallbladder removed and it made a great gift. It arrived perfectly intact and bigger than I was expecting. Cool product! :D
Better Than Expected  Bought these for my son and was very surprised by the size and quality. He absolutely loves them! A great price for so many plushies. Watching him act out dramas with all the characters and seeing him happy makes this purchase totally worth it.
Perfect for my collection  Its very cute and small. Perfect for my collection!
This item was requested by my granddaughter for her birthday.  She was very excited by it.
Mom loved these Christmas presents as they looked like the dogs she had that she had to "put down" earlier that year.
Great purchase  Perfect product and came quickly
Nice  Look better in person. Great for toy Story loving 1 year old
Adorable
Cute Goofy!  My 2 year old is obsessed with Disney. She had Mickey, Minnie and Pluto and wanted Santa to bring her a Goofy. So Santa apparently shops at Amazon and got her this one. She loves it! There's nothing bad to say about it. If you want a good sized Goofy this is the one to get!
Love the Pooh characters, they are as authentic as you can get.
Used these guys for a cooking and nutrition class with elementary aged kids (K-2nd) to learn about food groups. Very cute and unique!
Good Stuff  Stanley lives up to their reputation. This is a great set at a great price. Your toolbox needs this Stanley set.
This is a very cute learning stuffed 'disease'. I received my first 'disease' when my boss gave the entire department different ones as a reminder to protect self from winter diseases.  Item is well made, and the explanation care is well written.
Highly recommended! Worth every cent!  Love at first sight for our 1 year old bay. He tackled Tigger on the ground and rolled around with Tigger for 15 minutes. He is now 20 months old and still loves his Tigger. A very snugglely toy.
Awesome
Great for Grand Daughters  I bought this for my grand daughter and she loves it.  It certainly makes grandpas popular.  She is a little over one year old.
Was a hit with granddaughter!!
Got this for my kid sister who as of recent has been getting into anima. She loves the thing to death.
He's sooooo fun!
very nice
Awesome  Just like how it looks in the picture.  So cute and looks like the real Darth Vader.
Love this! Good sized and the face is cute, not scary.
Super Soft Bunny  We just purchased our second bunny. They are soooo soft and my daughter loves her Bun Bun!
Very satisfied  Arriced as promised.  Product as described.
Not bad for throwing at the back of your friend's head.  Favorite ghost design of all time.
Great Christmas present !!!
New  New in package  (Non-Profit Product Tester)Contact for your product review
Loved it!  Kids Loved it!
my 3 year old granddaughter loved the buckles  my 3 year old granddaughter loved the buckles! She enjoyed figuring out she could buckle some of the colors to different buckles. very enjoyable toy!!
YAY  Ordered these for a friend! She said she loves them!
Perfect
Great gift  My nephew loves it. He takes it where ever he goes. It is his new my buddy, laugh out loud..
adorable!  Great buy
My daughter LOVES this!
Very soft and cuddly the grandson loved it
Bought this for new baby photo  We have a new granddaughter coming this fall and the parents are Star Wars fans.  We bought these for a photo session with the new baby.  I could not be any happier with the transaction and seller.
LOVE Peppa Pig, My daughter plays with this all the time. Great Quality.
she loved it!  got it for my granddaughter. she loved it!
Nonny  We collect all the bubble guppies and love that Nonny is finally available. Great product. Great value for any fan of the adorable guppies.
My favorite possession ever  This hammock is just too awesome. I'm in love with it. The quality is absolutely amazing, and it never fails to make me smile!
A quality tool - real power, endurance and a good design  I am impressed with this tool every time I use it.  I comparison shopped the Milwaukee against several other top brands, including Dewalt 24 volt. The reversible battery really helps adjust the tool's balance point, and it has substantial torque for driving large boring bits and seating hefty wood screws, even in high gear!  Battery capacity is also impressive - lasting much longer than I expected. Don't be fooled by other manufacturers "24 volt" ratings - power is NOT measured in volts.  The secret to prolonged power is the watt-hour and amp-hour ratings of the battery pack, not just the voltage.  The new generation Milwaukee 2.4 amp-hour batteries provide tremendous charge duration and tool power. It is very well made, with solid construction and tight seams that do not squirm under load. The rectangular battery packs are tidy to store in the tool box, much better than the irregular shaped battery packs on some other brands. If I lost this drill tomorrow, I would immediately replace it with another Milwaukee.  Simply excellent!
My daughter  loves it . Very soft. Highly  recommend  for a toddler that loves elmo as much as my girl does.
Recommend  Yes plush
My little friend loved it.  Thanks Sheila
Cuddly little bunny  If you know someone who loves Goodnight Moon, this is the gift for them. This cuddly, hugable little bunny will delight little ones while you read to them and afterward, as they go to sleep
Perfect  for my grandson  Winnie the Pooh is perfect!  My 2 1/2 year old grandson carries Winnie everywhere!  Great size for him. Soft and cuddly.  We are thrilled with this company and it's products!
I can't wait to see my granddaughters face! This is so cute.
Boo is Super Cute, Cuddly and Soft  I purchased this adorable stuffed dog for my Little nice. Boo is seriously one of the best plushies I have ever seen. This cutie is well made and soft all over. Boo is a joy to cuddle with and will bring smiles to many faces even in the gloomiest of days. His features look real and this particular one lives up to the real Boo. The adorable dog is also a very nicely added touch! Will definitely buy more as gifts for all the little ones.
My granddaughter love it....!
My autistic 4 year old loves it!
Its good quality for the cost  My daughter loves it. Its good quality for the cost.
This stuffed animal is so adorable! I ordered it a few weeks ago  This stuffed animal is so adorable! I ordered it a few weeks ago, and it just came! I'm pretty sure my little sister will enjoy this for one of her birthday gifts! The purple color is more of a magenta color though!
Huggable!  Beautifully made, quality materials, and perfect for toddler.
Soft, cuddly, and adorable!  I got this as a Christmas gift for my 2 year old.  It is soft and cuddly and the perfect size for her.  I can't wait for her to see it - she is going to love her Clover!
So cute  Tutulu is very cute. The photo almost does not do him justice. He came to be a friend to a 3 year old, and is doing a very good job of it. He's soft and cuddly, big enough to not get lost easily but not so big that he tires out his friend's arms. She thinks he is a very fun little monster.
Fast delivery works great
Great gift for the Dr. Who fan in your life  What do you give the Dr. Who fan who already has a knitted Dalek and 30 ft scarf? An Adipose plush of course! The plush is adorable and appears well made. It is the perfect Who-watching companion and a whimsical reminder of a fun episode. If only it would encourage one's fat to just walk away!
Loves  Daughter loves her!
It's so cuddly and soft. :')
It's his favorite thing to cuddle  This will be the third different Tigger stuffed animal that we've gotten for our son. Since he was an infant, he always wanted a small animal to cuddle at night, and he latched on to Tigger quickly. The previous ones weren't made quite as well as this one though, and they didn't stand up to his teething stage. Now that he's older and is out of the teething stage, we thought we'd try a bigger version. This one has held up incredibly well, and he loves it just as much as the others. It's his favorite thing to cuddle, and he won't go to bed without it. It's safe for toddlers and has no parts that could be pulled off and swallowed, and it's a great price for the size. Definitely a good buy.
Great plushes and my son loves them. That's all I need to know!
Yooooooooowl  Unlike his buddy Yoda, Chewbacca scores a high 5 from me!  My 2.5 year old daughter almost wet herself (and so did I) when I showed her Chewbacca. Like Yoda (in the same range) he is well made, great detail and undeniably cuddly. But what he has over Yoda is that his voicebox actually emits a Chewbacca-ish sound. Top marks. Too cute. My daughter's going to be lucky if she ever gets to play with him when I'm around!
Awesome product.  Great Seller.
Fun to have  How often can you say you have a germ or microbe on purpose? This is something unique to have. Yes, it is a stuffed "thing", but you can say it is different from the stuffed animals and toys you may already have.
My son loved this item!
Best present ever!  Son very into toy story so we slowly started collecting character from the movie. Son loves to play with woody and bullseye. He especially likes it when I mimick the movie and put woody on the horse and say "run like the wind bullseye". Highly recommend. This is the real product with Andy written on the bottom hooves.
Everythjng I expected. Shipping was very fast
ANIMAL!!!! ANIMAL!!!! ANIMAL!!!!  Bought Gonzo and Animal, they both rock!!! Well made and hilarious!! I wish they may one of the Phantom. Lot's of fun!!!
I wasn't disappointed, they were so cute
Best Mario Plush!  Personally I think this is one of the best Mario plushies out there! He's irresistibly soft and squishy, and makes for a really cool decoration if you can find somewhere to hang him! Here are some interesting things to note about this toy: His shell has a circular pattern on the back, unlike other koopa characters, who have a regular "turtle shell" pattern. You can stuff small items like coins or jewelry inside the cloud he's sitting in. Lastly, if you do decide to take a peek inside the cloud, you'll see he doesn't have any legs, but upon close inspection, DOES have a tiny tail tucked way back there! This guy is pretty small for the price- the base fits in the palm of my hand and from bottom to top he is about as long as my hand. (That's not including the attached Spiny, who's quite awesome in his own right!) I still adore him though, and would certainly recommend him for how cute, unique, and well-made he is!
grand son loved the micky
These guys are GREAT! Very well made.
Exceeded expectations  My son loves this. He sleeps with him every night and takes him everywhere. Ll
Going through Amazon gave me a nice choice for my niece.
Very well constructed for little hands.
Fruity goodness  Just exactly what I was looking for! Nicely sized.
daughter loved it
The packaging could have been better, but it came in good condition and was exactly as expected. Loved it!
Cute toy  My 8 month old loves it
Nice size. Grandson was thrilled when he opened it for Christmas!
This will go perfectly with the book for my grandson!
Perfect fit for a diaper cake!
YAY YAY YAY YAY YAY YAY  OMG I love this sooooooo much! When it got here I was sick in my bed sad sneezing I whould hardly move. Then vulpix came:D next thing I new I was runing all over screeming MY VULPIX MY VULPiX!!!!its soo soft and nice. It looks just like the Pictor !. I'm a HUGE Pokemon fan and vulpix is my fav out of all of them . it did take a LONG time to get here but it was so worth it! I totally recommend it. Must have for all fellow vulpix lovers! And I have a feeling I'm not gonna be so sad the wrest of my sickness;)
great deal fast delivery
My girlfriend absolutely loved this gift  My girlfriend absolutely loved this gift. She loves the movie lio and stitch and this was a perfect gift for her.
We love Tinker Bell!  This Tinker Bell doll is part of the new line of plush princesses from the Disney Store. My daughter and I love them - they are cute, cuddly, traditional and beautifully made. This Tinker Bell doll is no exception. The silver wings are really great and her dress is made of different fabrics!
good  i loved it thanks it was good and i got on time fast not slow you rock loved it thanks it was good bye.
Sailor Moon  This is a very popular anime when I was growing up and very loved by girls of that time some can say they grew up watching them. This is an anime that came out around the 90s around when Power Rangers and Ninja Turtles were the thing everyone watched. They are incredible cute and high quality and detailed and they are official Toei products from California the company that I believe owns the rights. I have never seen merchandise of this series in my city so I was very glad to get my hands on them for a friend.
This is a winner.  Got this fir xmas for my 8yo daughter. She really would love to have a real pug for a pet. But we can't afford one nir can we manage taking care of one. I'm a widiw with 3 young children.  When I saw this on Amazon, I knew this would ve a perfecr gift fo my only daughter.  Sure enough, this pug goes with her everywhere! Sleeps with her & stays in her school bag at school. Phew!  This pug is realistic looking & very reasonably price.
I was worried it was going to be too big as he is only 3 months old but this is the perfect size for him to hold  I purchased this as a baptism gift for my nephew. I was worried it was going to be too big as he is only 3 months old but this is the perfect size for him to hold. It is super soft and he loves to have it near him at all times.
Cute doll as described, high quality, fast shipping
Animal  This was a gift for our 12 year old Grand Daughter. She has always loved the Muppets and especially Animal, and she loved this. Very well made and something she will keep.
The fabric sparkles and has a great texture.  Very cute. The size is larger than it appears in the photo. The fabric sparkles and has a great texture.
We have a very happy toddler!
My angry bird fan has played with it constantly.  My son has set up many blocks and lego towers and created his own Angry bird levels.  Very glad to see him out from behind the screen (he has a 30 minute limit) and using his imagination.  It's a good size (about softball sized) and he's slept with it every night.
Adorable  Adorable. My daughter lost her bunny (she's had it since she was a baby) and loves HK. Needles to say she adores this.
Great gift  Very cute and well made.
Wonderful  Got this for my niece who loves Randall and i couldn't find this in any of the stores. She was so excited!!! It was perfect!
Perfect Umbreon :3  Well, I admit it. I was a bit skeptical about purchasing a pokemon plush off of amazon. (NO OFFENSE AMAZON 0.0) But I had heard from friends with bad experiences and seen the horrors of bootlegs/fakes. But I took a chance on this one and YAY it was REAL. It came with the correct tag, no loose stiches or parts. It was perfect and the real deal. I have seen other fakes on the internet and thank goodness this one is real (or atleast is a really similar bootleg lol :P) I would repurchase as a gift to one of my beloved friends. Great Umbreon btw! :D
LOVE IT!  it has become my new favorite plush I ever owned it arrived early in good condition and is very durable and good size! I looked around for a deidara plush and couldn't find any that looked good because the ponytail was never stuffed but this one is 100% PERFECT! If your a deidara or akatsuki fan or collecting naruto plushies this is the one to get!
Perfect for a John Deere loving kid  My 5 year old son loves this 'pillow pet'  he received it as a birthday gift and it has been in his bed since. It is very soft and perfect for lounging on.
I love it and so does my son  Global Holdings Mario Plush products are the best.  They are superior in quality to the other brands we've bought.  My son got a trunk full of Mario plush characters for Christmas and he loves them all.  His favorite toys!
Best Disney Doll so far, my daughter and son love it and think it's the funniest toy!  Best Disney Doll so far, my daughter and son love it and think it's the funniest toy!  Very well made, and looks exactly as it does in the picture.
Great Item, GREAT SERVICE!  The plush horse was a big hit with my grandsons girlfriend!  It arrived super fast and was the best price around!  Thanks so much!
This toy is adorable!  This toy is adorable!
Akamaru!  Since both my daughters are Naruto fanatics this is a PLUS for all parents to reward their Naruto fans with.  Akamaru is sure to bring your young ones a big smile to their faces.  It is plushy too!
Great granddaughter was very pleased.
After looking around for a few days, we finally found a Pikachu plush.  The plush is very good quality and is true in image to the original Pokemon.  It seems to be very well made and has endured numerous Pokemon "battles" with out 6-year old.  The Pikachu rarely leaves his side and has been dropped, thrown, stepped on, kicked, and hugged and has survived.  The only downside is that Pikachu's tail is not very securely attached.  Within about two days Pikachu's tail came off.  Our children didn't seem to mind much and kept playing without the tail.
good  used as a topper of a diaper cake worked well.  good quality
Nice  I got this for a gift. It looks even better than in the picture!! Great buy
super soft and cuddly!! very cute
So Cute!  My 6 year old loved it!  He doesn't pull it apart that much, but he loves the sayings from the movie!
My nephew loved it! It's the perfect size!
Pretty simple any kid that loves gremlins will love this
So Cute!  Exactly what we needed.
I love it!!
Love it  my son loves his new plush!
Very sweet little guy
Good quality  Good quality! Soft and colors are like pictured!
Cute as a button.  He is the sweetest thing. I Love him.
Fluffy!!!  Neice and nephew loves their stitch! Great size and stuffed well.
This is my dog's only toy. His previous Stitch lasted 7 years, and this is with two other dogs trying to steal and grapple over it. This stuffed animal is larger than your average teddy bear (best example I can come up with). It is very sturdy and doesn't seem to have any choke hazards for pets or small children.
So adorable!
It's such a cute plush, and very well-made
Great for bedtime snuggles  Super soft and cuddly, the scaley fabric is rough when rubbed toward the head. Fairly realistic toy, great for bedtime snuggles.
Purchased these for my grandson for Christmas. They're cute and seem to be made well. Received earlier than expected.
Cute  Cute and super good for the price
My daughter Loved it good Quality turned out to be a great gift
Soo cute!
LOVE LOVE LOVE  Extremely great quality and super snuggly I just know my toddler is going to love snuggling with these. And such a great price omg buy buy buy  the buzz one is my favorite
I can tell you that it's smaller size but it's a great product worth the money gave it as a gift and she loved it! Product as shown
quality  kid loves it
Best purchase ever!  I could not be happier with this Manatee. Perfect size for snuggling! My daughter has an obsession with manatees and this little cutie brought her to tears! Thank you so much for the awesome quality and fast shipping!
A hit  Favorite gift for my child
Adorable, and not too large!  This is the cutest little plush TEC!  My grandson is in love with Tec the Tractor, and this is the perfect size for him to hold in his lap or snuggle in his crib.  He loves it!
Not just for babies!  My daughter received a gloworm when she was born. It was her favorite toy and soothed her every morning while my wife and I got ready for work. Fat forward three years. Our son was born and we re-discovered gloworm! We thought that he could use our daughter's gloworm. How wrong we were! Our daughter immediately latched on to it and has slept with it every night since! So, we bought this one. Now our son is obsessed. He loves to hold it and chew on it. He is really only interested when the face is lit up and it is playing music. It keeps him content and know that it will soothe him any time he is crying. We love our gloworms!
My baby is so happy with this plush.  My baby is so happy with this plush. It is exactly what i need for him, i am so glad i ordered.
It was really good and looks like the sml one if u are looking for hat one
My kid loves it  My kid loves Marceline, and this doll is great. I love that the hair is plush too, so I don't have to worry about clumps of doll hair falling or being pulled out. We have a bunch of Jazwares' Adventure Time dolls and love them all. This was no exception
Adorable, and I was pleasantly surprised with teh softness and quality of this pup.
Amazing light gathering ability...  I purchased this scope for my wife's Remington 1100 LT 20 Deer Gun and after mounting the scope I took it out on our back porch 1/2 hour after legal sunset to test its low light capabilities. What I found was astounding! The light gathering qualities of this scope rival that of a Kahles scope I have on one of my rifles. The Kahles cost me well over a $1000 and this Nikon was a mere fraction of that. We hunt heavy timber at dawn and at the end of the day where it's almost as dark as before first light. This Nikon is just the ticket for those conditions. And if the BDC reticle proves to do what Nikon claims this scope will be unbeatable in its price range in my opinion. I'm so impressed I'm going to order another to replace an old Bushnell that sits atop my Remington 11-87 Cantilever rig. I can't wait to get into the woods this year!  UPDATE: March 2013- I did order another of this same scope and mounted it on my Remington 11/87 Cantilever deer gun just before last fall's whitetail season. After sighting in at 50 yards, I moved to 100 yards and proceeded to shoot consistent 1.75" groups with Remington 12 gauge Core-Lokt Ultra Bonded slugs. Similarly, my wife's LT-20 gave consistent 2" groups at 100 yards with Remington "green-tip" slugs. We shot in good weather and bad (sleet, rain ,snow) and we were amazed at how well the Nikon's performed. No fogging, good clear sight picture even in dim early morning and late afternoon light. When deer season rolled around the wife and I used our Nikon topped guns to collect a total of seven whitetails between us. Every round went exactly where it was aimed and all of the deer were one shot kills that expired on the spot or within ten yards of where they were hit. The closest shot was just under twenty yards and the furthest was a paced-off 168 yards. We just couldn't be more happy with these Nikon scopes, unless they were free!
Nice  Very good quality and soft
Excellent
Just what we needed.  Strange, right?  Let me explain.  Our son developed a mild obsession with Disney's Chicken Little after finding it on Netflix a couple of months ago.  This posed a slight dilemma when he started asking for merchandise from a 10+ year old Disney film that wasn't even hugely popular at the time it came out.  Fortunately, Amazon has everything, right?  We found this little guy and ordered him.  He's just as cute in person as he is in this listing, and our son absolutely adores him.  Takes him everywhere he goes, almost without fail.
perfect for a bedtime buddy for my 3 year  Very soft, perfect for a bedtime buddy for my 3 year old
He loves it looks great! Great deal also  My son is a serious pokemon collector..  He loves it looks great!  Great deal also
Great gift  Grandsons face lit up. Wonderful size.
Love it!  It's cute and it looks just like the picture!
Great plush.  This zomboss plush came in great condition!
Adorable - perfect size  Super cute and just the right size! Can't wait to set this up in the nursery.
perfect
Just perfect.  My daughter loves it . not to big not to small. Just perfect.
The Legend of Plush  When I saw this plush doll i had to have it. I am a huge fan of The Legend of Zelda and wanted to add this to my collection. The doll is very durable and soft, I don't use this to play and have it on display in my room. Everyone loves it and I highly recommend getting one if you're a huge fan.
Soft Cute Pichu  It looks just like the picture and is quite soft. About as tall and fat as my hand.
So fun to go along with the books as you read them !!
Nice little lamb.  Will use it as part of a Nativity scene.
Perfect and so soft
The call is just like the birds call  What a cute little bird. The call is just like the birds call. Love it.
beautiful and well made a wonderful addition to my decor for Christmas.
Hurray! !  George was perfect in everyway. I was very thankful he was blue, it was to only color acceptable for my Granddaughter. She LOVE all things Peppa Pig and how wonderful that Amazon has such a large selection to make her happy.
Looks cute. Fast delivery!
Warms The Heart  The Look on my great grand daughters face was priceless. I hid the doll behind my back and sang the barney song then handed her the doll and she hugged it tight  in her arms. it is a very nice doll.
Beautiful. Thanks.
the looks and quality are fine.  It was a gift for my son's friends. It comes from China so we had to wait a little longer. It wouldn't stand in the beginning so we had to reshape it a little by squeezing different parts. the looks and quality are fine.
Very soft and cuddly  My son loves this little guy! Well made, not pulling apart at the seams like a lot of his other stuffed animals.
Cute  My son loves him.
Great Stuffed Elmo!  Great stuffed Elmo, our 15 mo loves it! Very soft and better priced better than anything we found in stores.
Soft and pretty  I like it a lot. Very soft and pretty
Adorable. Students love him  Adorable.  Students love him.  Well-made. Sits up better when leaning on something.  The beanbag bottom doesn't keep him sitting up straight very well.  He is a fantastic companion to my Bach, Beethoven and Mozart Little Thinkers.
Love it 
Excellent. Fast shipping  Excellent.  Fast shipping.
Just what i wanted!
My son loves it
Who doesn't like Boo???????  I LOVE BOO.  This was a great purchase.  Look just like him.  Good quality.
Baby Plumpee Snowy Owl 7" by Unipak  My Granddaughter loves Owls and these were such cute little plump ones to add to her collection. She loves them.
New grandma's diggin it!  Bought this for a new grandma and she plans to keep it at her house for the baby to play with!
My nephew loves this plush toy
Arrived on time and exactly as shown
Kids love it  Kids love it
My daughter loves her furby!  My  daughter loves her furby!
very happy
My two year old loves this!
Too Cute  I bought this as a gift for a young mother who just had her first baby (boy). When I took it out of the plastic bag, I couldn't help but hug it and go "Aaaah." The baby is still too young to respond to it but the mom had the same reaction when she received it in the mail from me. We could both see where this bunny might become Eli's favorite toy that never leaves his side.  Bunny is perfect size, very soft and has a very sweet expression.
Its a great size and is well made  This was a replacement toy for my son when our psychotic cat stole his and commandeered it for herself. Its a great size and is well made. Both the boy and the cat are happy campers now.
Fun and unique
Loved it.  Just as advertised ! Loved it.
WASHABLE High Quality Plush!  This is a great looking, beautifully made plush. I normally don't spend this much on plush toys for my daughter, but this is so well made that it's almost worth what I paid. Not a stitch was off. The color is vibrant, and yes, it really looks like Hank. Daughter was thrilled to receive him and hasn't put him down for more than a few minutes to use the potty! The tag states that he is hand washable, so that's a bonus! I can see this plush lasting a long time.  *Quick update: So Hank has now been washed twice and has held up very well. I know the tag says hand washable, but come on, I'm a busy mum! I put the plush in a lingerie bag with a zipper and threw him in my HE washer with a cold load of light colored wash. I let him air dry and he looks like new again! So, now I know. Hank + zippered lingerie bag + cold HE wash = totally awesome, clean toy. I don't suggest throwing him in the dryer though, just in case! I've added pictures of Hank's details after the second wash.
Big Toe is Great  Got Big Toe for my little Grandaughter for a Halloween gift. He's soft, cuddly and adorable. I enjoy looking at him too!
Awesome, even for an adult!  Pretty awesome stuffed monster! It's actually probably one of the nicest stuffed monsters I've ever owned. Don't let you kid open it though, because it comes stuffed in a plastic bag that kind of makes it look like a Mafia murder victim (stuffed into the bag, all contorted, kind of doubled over backwards. It was a little unsettling, even for a guy in his mid-20's).  Great stuffed monster though, just plain adorable. I highly recommend this for children and immature 20-somethings alike!
Awesome and bigger than it looks  gave as a gift and she is a huge lion guard fan and loves this. It's bigger than it looks
This is a really nice Donald! I'm so excited for my son to open him christmas morning
Perfect plush for my child  Well packaged. Perfect plush for my child.  Wish these plush toys were not so expensive.
thank you.
My son will love it!  Very cute. Soft and huggable and looks just like the photo
Perfect present for my sister  Love it
so very cute...
Looks real  Item was perfect and nice likeness of the real thing!
Cute !  Cute .. Bought as a gift ... Seemed smaller then what I thought .. But voice played well and the siZe was perfect if you have a toddler that like to bring things all over .
Adorable  Bought for my daughter who is 13 and doesn't still play with stuffies, but she absolutely loves this flush. Quick shipping and arrived in perfect shape.
Must have!  Great toy! My son loves Elmo and is now trying to say his ABC thanks to this toy singing it.
so glad i got it  I have been wanting this for awhile now, so glad i got it!  It's just a fun stuffed toy that sits on my bed.
Young Dino fan loved this.  Fun cuddly dino for a "sleep buddy" for a toddler
Perfect.  10 month old daughter LOVES it. Perfect.
good gift  Not bad for a plush doll
Gift  It was for my lil girl she is 2 and she loves it, it is perfect fun size for her.
This plush is so adorable! I love Ciel so much and this was a perfect addition to my Black Butler collection. Especially for the holidays!
the furby boom is a great gift for boys and girls.  totally a hit with the kids and their friends.my niece is 7 and her brother is 9.they love it.now of course the 9 yr.old wants one.they really are amusing.now with the ability to play with the toy online the kids haven't stopped talking about it.
Very cute my husband loves it!!
Grandbaby really loves it.
My son loves it !! It took a while to come in but they do give you dates and it did come in the same day I needed it .
He always liked the Zelda games growing up  Bought it for my friend's kid. He always liked the Zelda games growing up, so I thought I'd get his daughter hooked too.
a Christmas present.
Is great
This doll is perfect for my granddaughters first birthday  This doll is perfect for my granddaughters first birthday.  She is so soft and she is not all pink like most little girls dolls.
love them  just as described...love them
I was very happy with my purchase experience.  I purchased this for my child and it is identical to the one we saw at Disney World.  Shipment was fast.
Pokemon plus really cute  My granddaughter of 6 loved this!  Slow shipping but what can you expect from China?
Picture perfect plushie   This Fluttershy plushie is just perfect ! 4DE has raised the bar in terms of industrial MLP plushie. The patterns they use is flawless, resulting in adorable plushies with a really close-to-the-show design ! That's why this Fluttershy is so soft and cuddly, and will please kids and bronies alike. And the price is incredibly low for such a quality product. Plus, the cutie mark is embroidered on BOTH sides of the flank, which is not always the case with Hasbro products. Hurry up and get yours, and see you at Galacon !!
My 3 year old daughter loved them they came faster than I thought also very good quality u am very satisfied with my purchase :))
quality toy  Good quality
Great book with matching leprechaun!
We've purchased two so far  We bought one buckle whale after noticing my sensory kid had a thing for buckles. He loves it so much and will sit and "buckle" for thirty minutes at a time, sometimes longer when he rarely stays still.  Its also a comfort item for him and goes everywhere with us so we purchased a backup.
great gift!  Big hit for Easter for my Rabbids fan. Love the size and the noises. Perfect for those who love the show.
Product delivered in 4 days not bad at all just in time for Valentines day, As described Thank you.
Excellent I love him
Kids love this type of doll
Son loved it!  Good buy - talking sully was a hit with my 5 year old son. Well made and good qaulity product.
Son loves it!
its really cool
Very soft!
LOVE IT  This product arrived on time as well as in perfect condition! I love it and was very pleased. This buyer comes highly recommended.
Its is exactly as advertised and my 2 year old loves it!
Plush toys  grandson loved adding this to his collection of plush toys
Adorable my granddaughter wanted this for Christmas sleeps with it every night
She was very happy.  Purchased as gift for granddaughter. She was very happy.
It looked just as it did online. Perfect condition  It was just like it looked online.  It was packaged well. My Grandson just loved it.
Super cute face  This was a gift for my sister,  she loves bulbasaur.  It's a nice small size
Babies love tags, and these are the best  Very pretty, plush and soft. I am glad Taggies realizes babies love to suck on tags. My only regret is my kid still goes for the white label ;)
This so awesome!
Love it! Good quality  Love it!  Good quality.
Small but very cute.  Super cute, but small. Perfect for a 1 year olds first birthday.
Gift that was appreciated.
Fair price. Prompt shipping. Little one loves her new toy. Would definitely buy again from this company
Adorable  We bought this Itty Bitty since our son joined the Army. He is really cute and well made.
Good  My child has loved this toy. Has played with it a lot, has firm body but legs are not, so it does not stand up on its own.
My niece is a pokemon collector and she loved this Groudon. Beautiful and well made.
Great for two out of three trimesters...  I bought this as soon as my wife got pregnant. I named it after our unborn child, and it has been a blast using it for pictures of our nursery.
the big hit of the birthday party.
great :)  We bought it for our dog cause our dogs name is Bane ;) bought it for a joke but we all love it :)
Unique and Adorable  My nephew loves planets and this was his favorite Christmas gift. It's well made and adorable.
great  It arrived in great condition and was packaged well. Charlie Brown has been a huge hit with my daughter; she takes him everywhere! He's made well and can withstand an enormous amount of hugs and snuggles from just about any toddler. He also really enjoys superman ice cream smeared all over his face.
Soft and cute  The stock image amazon uses for  this plush doesn't do it much justice, it is much cuter in person than it appears to be on here. This plush is one of the rarer FNaF ones so I'm very pleased to have snagged one while amazon had them listed for a dollar over retail price c: Hoping other fans also got a chance to own this cutie while the price was lower!  Only downside I have is, the tag on mine came a bit bent up from being packaged. It can't be helped however and as I'm not a serious collector, it doesn't bother me.
bristish betty boop plush doll  this doll is very well made, and very adorable and so cute, wonderful purchase, well worth the money i paid for the doll
Finally a Llama Llama to go with the stories, genius and precious! These are a hit at my therapy center a d
Just what the kids wanted.
In love  It is so cute! I'm in love with it! It is smaller than you might think though, But it's features make up for it.
Love It!  So cute and soft! definitely worth it!
Great  Good deal. I have not used these yet but expect that they will work well for the tasks I have planned.
One Best Toy My Son Got!!!  Jesse just loves it. He takes it everywhere with him! It is really small so it fits in to a bag. It is quite so it can travel to place and keep kids entertanted. He like to read to it. I feel that it was a good choice.
love it  My son loves the cat in the hat and soft blankets. This is a mix of both. Can't wait to give it to him for Christmas
Mario U fans need this!  So well made and very cool looking! The bag is a different material, but it feels like an actually bag. Also, if you are wondering, under the mask is nothing. No mouth.
Fine Family Room Furniture  Wow!  This is a really nice family room set!  We already have the Calico Critters Living Room, which we liked, but this set has many more nifty details.  First, the furniure itself.  The two chairs are two-tone plastic, straw and tan, that is molded into a wicker look.  Each chair comes with a green fabric seat cushion that adds some color and pizazz.  The seat bottom also has the wicker molding, so even if you lost your cushions, the chairs look good.  The chairs are deep enough that even our critters with bushy tails can sit in them.  The coffee table matches the chairs - two-tone, wicker look, sturdy plastic.  Next is the bookcase.  It is plain brown plastic and has two shelves and a working tan wicker look drawer.  The folding screen is a different shade of tan, wicker look plastic, and has four panels that are hinged together.  The screen isn't really useful, but can add depth or interest to your room set-up.  I like the way these pieces can be arranged in many ways to fit even a small room.  If this was all that came in this set, I would have been happy - stylish, sturdy furniture that my daughters' Critters can use.  But there is much, much more!  The area rug seems to be a 6x9 piece of burlap with finished edges.  The burlap texture is interesting, like sisal, but flat enough that all the furniture and Critters can stand securely on it.  The bigger (as in less likely to be lost) accessories include a wicker look wastebasket with a lid, a magazine rack/basket, a brown tea tray, a basket/bowl with fruit (I think!) and a picture frame with adhesive on the back to stick on a wall.  I don't like these picture frames, because I think they ruin the dollhouse, and tossed it without showing it to the girls.  (But with so many accessories, they haven't even missed it).  A small strip of lace is included to place on the top of the bookcase, and it is the only item I'm disappointed in.  It's just a snip of seam lace with raw edges, and doesn't match the quality of the rest of this set.  (But it's a very minor accessory, not important at all, just wanted to be accurate).  Then we have the smaller items.  I think that the CC small accessories and details are too much fun, but I don't think I would pay extra for them, because the reality in my house is that they tend to get lost.  That said, I am pleased with all the cute, small things in this set, because the price isn't as high as many of the other sets.  The tiny items include things for tea (teapot with lid, plates, cups and eensy-weensy spoons, a small picture frame to set on the bookcase, clock and letter basket.  There is a paper sheet that has 3 magazines (with pages) to punch out and fold together, and a sticker sheet with the clock face, 2 choices of photos for the frame, 4 letters for the letter basket, and 4 pictures for the wall frame.  Bottom line - this a really cute family room set, and a good value.  I think this version is being retired (new version has an aquarium and costs more), so buy it while you still can!
GREAT
Very cute
Our 16 month old son loves it. He sits and concentrates on closing the buckles for lengthy periods of time. He doesn't tire of this toy as quickly as he does other toys.
Love it!  Adorable.  I purchased for a friend who is quite fond of sloths and she absolutely adores him.
Happy girl  My daughter loves this doll! She was so happy when she saw it! She hugs it all the time.
groudon plush 11.5"  my kids are big pokemon fans, they collect pokemon cards, play pokemon video games, and also draw pokemon characters, so, they were very happy when they got the groudon plush. good quality and brand new.
Awesome, Nice plush!  I am so happy BANDAI NAMCO made this. Im also so happy and glad i have this cute, awesome plush. Its nicely detailed and its authentic. It took a month to get this and im super happy it came! It was worth the wait. Nice job AMAZON! We love you! Also, the tails aren't fluffy but thats alright with me. The tags also came without creases or bending. Anyways, AWESOME plush! (This review was written by my 8 yr old daughter)
plush memories  cute and exact to the real thing.  thank you !
Thanks for the cloth eyes  The kids loved it from the minute I opened it.  This Sesame Street monster is getting a lot of love.  I especially appreciate the design because it does not have hard plastic discs for eyes.  As a result, if my children want to sleep with it, they can.  The size is good for my two year olds, but my five year old likes it as well.  We ending up getting all three: Big Bird, Elmo and Cookie Monster.
This was a gift and he loved it. Very well made and soft
Love her!!  She. Is. Perfect.  She is even more beautiful irl compared to the picture shown. Her colour scheme is very vibrant and accurate to the show.  All the 4th dimension plushies are authentic and beautifully crafted. She is super soft, though a bit firm at the legs so she will be able to stand on her own. Also, if you dreamt about her wearing a soft, fuzzy hat I'm sorry to burst your bubble. It's attached to her head and the fabric feels a bit like washed out filt..? (It's not very fragile though, so you can cuddle her how much you want)  The details are all there; large gleaming eyes, the red ribbons, the HAT, her freckles and embroidered cute marks on both sides. And as a cute touch she also comes with a description tag with basic info about her character. An absolutely delightful plushie.  For me, the shipping was amazing.  I purchased Applejack and Fluttershy at the same time and they both arrived in the same box 2 days after. (Which is brilliant, since I'm located in Sweden)  I'm utterly in looove with the 4th dimension collection, next up is Rainbow Dash and Rarity!
My son love it!
Ok but not black  Item is definitely not black. But otherwise it is fine. My grandson likes it. That is all that matters.
Adorable gift  This fox really could not be more adorable and soft. I have a friend who had her first baby a few years ago and I got him the croc in socks. Now it is time for baby number two and I knew fox in socks would be a great addition. He came in a plastic clear bag so not really gift packaging, but I took him out of the bag and put him into a gift bag and the presentation was nice. The colors are very cute in person and I am happy with this purchase.
It works!  So well it scared our 2 year old haha, but that's not the toys fault so 5 stars. :)
great buy.  my gf adored this little guy, great buy.
Goombatastic  Goomba has always been one of my favorite characters, and this plush doll caught the essential qualities of a Goomba; short round and cute. The size and details are perfect!
Awesome!  A big hit with my 2yrld niece!
Chinese Crested!  Chinese Cresteds are cute, and this plush toy is cute as well.
Small Elmo for small hands  Our 2-year-old loves Elmo, and this toy was a perfect fit. It is definitely not a TickleMe Elmo or any other super-sized electronic Elmo version, but it is perfect for a toddler to drag around. When squeezed, this Elmo opens his mouth and "sings" a scale, "Mary Had a Little Lamb", and "Twinkle-Twinkle", all in Elmo la-la-la style. It also says "Elmo likes to sing" and "Sing along with Elmo". The belly is a little difficult for a toddler to press, so the sound will be soft but still quite audible, and the sound does get louder the harder you squeeze. The toy is soft but somewhat unbalanced (floppy feet, stiff belly, heavy head) and therefore cannot be placed in a sitting position without any support. When our child plays with it alone, it looks like Elmo is getting CPR-like chest compressions :). Also, this toy is available in regular stores for about $14.
Cuddle buddy  Was looking for a cuddle buddy for my teenage daughter who loves Monsters Inc and this fit the bill perfectly.  Firm but still soft enough to cuddle and fur is super soft.
YES DADDY YES  It's on my lamp and brings me joy when ever someone enters my room they have this look on their faces that I love with a PASSION.
My daughter loves this thing I do not care for the small pieces as they simply get set aside and I'm okay with this due to my daughter being young.
Awesome Product  The quality of this stuffy is great, very well made.  We are so happy with it.  The texture is super soft (can't stop petting it) and all the stitching is very well done.  A definite must have for Pokemon lovers.  The shipper also was great.  Everything was packaged well and arrived perfectly.  A definite must buy, if not all three, then at least one.  Don't miss out!
The perfect Rainbow Dash for my little girl.  My daughter loved this. She says it is the most accurate representation of the character. She's an artist, so details like that are very important to her. Seems well made.
Grandson loves it
Authentic & adorable  This was much better quality than can be shown in picture. It more than meet my expectations
Great gift for an Angry Birds Star Wars fan  Got this as a Christmas gift for my nephew (he's 4) and he loved it.  He played with it all day on Christmas.
Great quality, used it as a gift for a friend's birthday and they loved it.
This was his last edition
Bought for my 2 year old.  Bought this Elmo toy for my 2 year old, and now he will not go to sleep without it! He absolutely loves it and it's safe for small children (no small parts or choking hazards).
So cute! I daughter loves it.
A+++
PERFECT !!!
Nintendo fans collecting  One of my kiddos has been asking for the baby Mario and Luigi to add to plushie collection and I only wish I got it sooner.  They are very cute!!  Definitely recommend.  Mario, Luigi and Peach are all available in the baby version.
Excellent Gift.
cute... from china.  cute...from china.
Cute.  Cute, little. I always loved lapras. Always surfing in all. is a bit fat won't stand buttt adorable. Loveeeeeeee. Took a while to ship but that's okay. I would recommend it. Kinda makes me want to buy other ones :3
Great toddler dolls!  This is a great doll for a toddler. The hair is a bundle of fabric, and all the accessories are sewn on.
Cute Konker the Hedgehog  My daughter loves collecting the plush toys in the My Blue Nose Friends series. She received Konker the Hedgehog (as well as Gumgum the Koala) as a gift recently and loves them to bits. The trademark blue nose and patchwork design, the plush feel of the little guys, and their general cute appearance make them highly collectable. There are many animals in this series and they are all adorable. I would recommend comparison shopping though since each retails at stores for less than ten dollars a piece.
Four star gift item  Love this item. Perfect baby gift!
Muy buena calidad, entregados a tiempo y muy bonitos
The toy was perfect! My little niece was beaming with smiles  The toy was perfect!  My little niece was beaming with smiles!
My 20 month old loves this thing! I keep it in the car for her to play with... She clips all the buckles and then hands it to me to open!
It gave the finishing touch to our daughter's mermaid theme.
Adorable!!!!!!!!Just like dads!
Never leave home without it.  Keeps our son happy for a long while.  Great to keep him messing with his seatbelts.
Just got my Squishy!  This Squishy is a high quality Disney plush.  He has embroidered (not painted on) eyebrows, mouth and eyes. Squishys "skin" is a very soft pale lavender velour? His two tone, soft  green,(feels like cotton blend),  t-shirt is stitched in place (won't get pulled off and  lost among all the grand-kids doll clothes). Not a cheap quality Squishy such as some that have painted facial features and cheap t-shirt fabric.  His behind even has the embroidered Disney Store emblem "Genuine* Original * Authentic  You will enjoy this Squishy or be proud to give him as a gift.  He is...Super Soft and Squishy!
Who doesn't love an ugly doll!
buy this plush! its worth it!  just came today, and wow! its ABSOLutely perfect ok bad pun...but its simply perfection! its soft and adorable and the tags are legit too a+ 100/10 you sirs are a "yes"
Really nice!  This plush toy is really nice. It is great for the babies. I love its color and the music it plays.
Its really good quality!  I LOVE this Dino! Its so fluffy and I got it for my little nephew! Thanks amazon.
Don't think twice!  Great plush and surprisingly soft. Definitely recommend to any Rosalina fan.
Thanks!  Girlfriend loved it thank you
Just what the kiddo wanted.....  My 5 year old is a ponyo freak..... Keeps him in a bucket with some plastic ham in case she get hungry. He's had this for a month or more now and still loves it as much as the first day. Size is perfect scale like the movie ponyo. You won't be dissapointed!
Awesome
Just perfect.  This is such a cute elephant.  I bought for a baby shower gift and I almost kept it for myself.  Just perfect.
Great plush!  My son loves his Goomba plush.  He is very rough with all of his plushes and Goomba is still in good shape.
What a "Ghast"  My 5 year old grandson's eyes were as big as silver dollars.  Just loved it.
Excellent
My son sleeps with this every night and loves it.
Great find  Is a really nice toy for a gift!!!!!
Cute turtle!  We bought this when we were expecting our son and since then our older daughter has been playing with it. It's adorable !
Love It
HK  THIS DOLL IS ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL...I BOUGHT IT FOR MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY PARTY IN MAY BUT SHE IS REALLY CUTE AND I AM HAPPY WITH HER.
perfect fit.  Small engine mechanic so sometimes you need a smaller more versatile tool. this is great for that. fist good in my hand ratcheting bearings feel robust. I really do enjoy this tool.
Super cute little toys, granddaughter loves them!  Bought these for my granddaughter about a year ago, she loves them and still plays with them. They in my opinion look better in person than the picture. Good size for little hands. And sre fairly sturdy. Would buy again.
Great Buy!  Love it! The low light is great for bedtime with a sweet lullaby to help your baby drift off to sleep. My son loves playing with his gloworm, even during the day!
well made, totally flawless!  Arrived three days before the estimate  Incredibly soft and well made, his spikes got a little smooshed from the packaging but they still stand up well. The doll itself stands perfectly on its feet and tail. Very happy with this little guy 
Perfect size for kids to carry around!
Little Einsteins Big Hugs Plush  This toy was bigger than the picture, which is a great thing. My nephew loves it so much. It's soft, durable & makes a good security pillow. A little pricey but worth it . I cannot find this in any store/on line shops  until I browse Amazon . Your a savior!
Feel so happy I bought it for my 2 year old she loves it
Excellent Doll  Better then expected! Looks exactly like the picture, perfect size, and VERY soft! Very happy with my purchase and would recommend this doll to any pokemon lover!
bought for a christmas gift  neighbor girl has been wanting one for a few years now-- her wish will come true this year!!!  She will love it i'm sure.
my boyfriend loved it! Great  I bought it as a gift, my boyfriend loved it! Great quality
are amazing my daugther love them
Just so.  Exactly as depicted. Item arrived before expected. The recipient loves it!
Adorable  Purchased for my 3-year old grandson for Christmas.  Very well made and immediately brought a smile to my face.  If he gets a kick out of this one, I'll be ordering the black bear next.
Soft, huggable and a perfect rendition of a personal Disney favorite  I've always loved Robin Hood and it is disappointing how hard it is to find merchandise featuring the characters. This plush is a great size for kids and it is very soft and huggable.  It will be the perfect addition to my daughter's Robin Hood birthday party.
This is such a fun and funny plush toy. Are you a fan of the movie Aliens, then I think you need this  I love that think geek thought to make the stomach Burstein alien from Aliens. That is awesome, and I got this as a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law who appreciates all things Aliens.
it was good
Playskool does it again! Another wonderful Elmo!  Lets Imagine Elmo is a great toy! I got it sent to my family for free from Playskool and BzzAgent!  The recommended age on the toy is for 2-4 year olds, I have a 1 and 6 year old and both really enjoy playing with Elmo. The music and movements of Elmo really grab my 1 year olds attention, and she loves to dance, and interact with Elmo. She is learning from watching me and my 6 year old follow Elmo's commands and can usually squeeze Elmo's nose and press his belly to tickle him. The nose can be a little difficult for her to squeeze, but I would imagine a 2 year old could do it just fine.  Even though my 6 year old is said to be too old to play with the toy, he still has a lot of fun with it. 6 year old still love Elmo, and nothing about this toy screams toddler. I think the maximum age on this toy could be raised. He loves to change Elmo's hat (which can actually be difficult for a younger child to do). His favorite part is Elmo says, although he wishes it would get a little harder, again I know the age is below his.  Both kids also find it funny that Elmo can sit and that his mouth opens, expect your children to try and feed Elmo and inspect the inside of his mouth.  Elmo is electronic, so he is NOT all plush. He has extremely soft fur, that my daughter loves to rub her face on, and his arms and legs are plush, but his face and torso are HARD! This is not a bad thing, I just want parents to be aware that they are not buying a plush toy!  This is a fantastic toy, that I hope to be buying for my 2 and 3 year old nieces this Christmas!
Great find, highly recommend for both kids & collectors!  This plush is sturdy, well-made, and arrived in perfect condition. Anyone who buys plush dolls frequently should be aware of the vastly differing standards of quality from doll to doll (bad stitches, strained fabric, loose threads, warped, frayed, and/or poorly rendered character features and accesories, etc.), and both parents and collectors can rest assured that this Oogie Boogie is one of the good ones! It's a great buy for fans of TNBC and I know my six year old son will be just thrilled to find Oogie in his stocking on Christmas.
Panasonic EY6407NWKW 12 Volt 1/2" Cordless Drill  Best drill on the market!  I have a Panasonic 12 volt drill that is about 11 years old, still works great.  I recently bought one of these because of the NiMH batteries.  It's even better than my old one!  Lots of torque,  lots of use from a battery charge.  Can drill a 1/2 in hole in heavy steel  plate without straining or running the battery down.  My favorite tool!
Great Tweezers!  This little tweezer grabs the smallest hairs and has a secure grip.
our granddaughter loves him
Whats not to love  Daughter loves them all
Love it! Very soft- almost suede like material  Love it! Very soft- almost suede like material. Happy with size- close to 11" tall. stands up well on its own
best purchase...  My little girl loves Dora and friends.  I was going to purchase her a plush dora that was $20.00 dollars and came across these TY Dora/Boots/Swiper and purchased the backpack with map for her.  She absolutely adores them they are perfect size for her to carry all 3 in her small hands and fit perfectly in  her backpack so she can carry them anywhere.
Love it!  This plush is super cute! It makes a great gift for Fans of sebby!
No crying at nap time  Got here quickly and helps my grandson sleep well.
Looks exactly like the picture.  Very soft and larger than expected.
My daughter loves it! Certainly helped out on a plane ride.
Great Bullseye  I loved this poseable Bullseye.  He can stand up alone and my daughter loves him.  Great toy.
Keeps her busy for a long time!
Grandson's favorite stuffed toy
Sooo Soft!  My grandson loves Itty Bitty and wanted one for his new baby sister. I loved this one because it didn't have the little pellets in the bottom. So sweet.
Cute  Went in our Christmas exchange gift for Irish coffee - cute
Kids love it and was fast shipping for international  Kids love it and was fast shipping for international.  It's a smaller size plush but knew that when ordered. Does arrived a little smoothed but to be expected with long shipping journey.  Met all of our expectations.
very cute, but small
always good quality.  I have way to many of these, always good quality.
Very pleased with their service  I had to reach out to their customer service regarding a shipping problem and they were quick to respond and made sure we received our order. Very pleased with their service! Once we got the toy, my 1.5 year old daughter LOVES it!! She sits down and works on the buckles and uses the zipper in the back to store little toys. The quality is really nice and now "Bucky" is a great addition to our quiet time toys! Thanks again.
Must buy!  So cute and amazing quality! My baby is gonna love this!
Happy little kid  My son was ecstatic when he opened his present. He had asked for a Boo (which he got) but the Nabbit was a surprise. Happy little kid!
My 20 month old loves it.  Bought this for my 20 month old son for a plane ride. He absolutely loves it. Works great in a shopping cart for a distraction as well. The buckles go together pretty easy, but we still have to unbuckle them for him. They come apart easily too, but probably is a stretch for the average coordination of a <2 year old.  The it is smaller than expected, which is fine so it fits easily in the diaper bag. The zipper is just a zipper, I hopped it had compartment inside of it, but it doesn't.
Young Children LOVE Kimochis  Invest in Cloud, his book and some mixed feelings, and you'll see why my preschoolers are so deeply attached to our collection of Kimochis!  Learning to identify, understand and manage strong emotions is some of the most important work young children undertake.  We all know that being "smart" doesn't matter much if you can't manage your feelings and impulses, and see beyond yourself. Social-emotional learning is the foundation on which school(and life) readiness is based. These fun, thoughtful, engaging toys are designed to help. Have fun and don't forget to spread the word:)
Elmo so sleepy!  Elmo so sleepy!
It is fantastic, Teddy is very well done and I am glad buy it that brightens my house and is too kawaii 
but kids loved  Not sure why it ask how the product fit..it's a toy...but kids loved it
Good quality and nice detail  Perfect stuffed animal gift for our son who loves fishing. He was able to tell right away that it was a bass and the stuffed animal appears to be good quality as it has lasted through a lot of rough and tumble boy play (always being eaten by the other stuffed animals, thrown "back into the lake", etc) and hasn't had a thread or seam come loose yet. Beautiful embroidery.
Soft and much loved
Very soft and cuddly the grandson loved it
Love it.  My daughter loves her crocadilly.
Great quality plush  Cute and fast shipping!
Poseable.  It was slightly more expensive than the actual pokemon center one, but it is very pliable. Not too soft but easy to pose. I love it.
Pokemon obsessed  My daughter takes this Pokmon everywhere she goes. Great quality item!
He loved it!  Its the size of a kids arm. Very soft and cute. I gave as a gift to a 6 years old boy. He loved it!
My niece saw one just like this in a store and loved it  Very lifelike plush toy.  My niece saw one just like this in a store and loved it.  The price was great and the quality is very nice.
Cute..the grandbabies luv them
Great for small hands  I purchased these dolls for my niece. They have now replaced her current nap time bunny at daycare.  She loves them!
Fast shipping - this is the latest rage for kids and their backpacks!
Cute!  Super cute and my 1 year old loves it. Looks just like Harry the Bunny.
Bought this as a gift - came quickly and matched the description perfectly.  I will be ordering another one soon to add to my son's Monster's Inc. collection.
Perfect for a toddler  A gift for my 18 month old nephew, who is just starting to watch Sesame.  Just the right size for him to hold.  The only one readily available at the stores now is about $60 and "plays eight games."  This one is perfect, just for holding.  There is a photo just today of the nephew watching Sesame and holding the Elmo on his lap.  Perfect. It's kind of small, absolutely simple, and it's Elmo.  All you need.
Love this plush doll  Made in China from good quality and I am sure my son will learn to love this blue farting character.
So so so soft and way cuter in person !
He is very satisfied and it took 10days to arrive  My son absolutely loves this.  He is very satisfied and it took 10days to arrive!
awesome zombie  I got it for my dad for Christmas. He loves it. I will be getting one for all of my zombie loving friends.
The little one I got these for loves sleeping with his Minions!!
Absolutely cute  Absolutely cute! Will score quite a few brownie points with my grandchild
Fast Service and a Quality Product  WOW...I ordered this on Monday and received it on Wednesday using regular shipping.  I would definitely order from this seller again and again.  As for the product, nice quality and a must have for Minecraft fans.  My son will love this!!  Thanks again STL PRO, Inc.!!!!
Elmo stays in my one year olds crib. It's the perfect size for her to hug & comfort herself to sleep.
Three year old loves it.  Adorable kitten; spins around while song plays.
really cute
It is adorable!  Adorable!  My daughter was so happy.
Great for the little Peppa fan  Adorable, good quality- arrived quickly too.
portal fans rejoice  This is a MUST have for portal fans. The iconic companion cube is finally at your fingertips. The only thing that can even surpass the how memetic this is is to have the actual portal gun.   p.s. im already getting the replica portal gun from neca when it comes out in the spring WOOHOO !!!!!!!!  the cake is a lie
Eeyore  This eeyore is cute, soft, but a light blue color unlike this picture.  The child saw the stuff animal and still liked it. I just wish the color had matched.
Awesome!!!  This is awesome, my son loves it!!! Shipped quickly, too. We could not find this guy anywhere else, very detailed, & my son's favorite teen titan. Very happy with this purchase!!!!
great fun!
Great size for little ones  My youngest asked Santa for Elmo. This is the perfect size and is very soft. I liked that they eyes were not plastic and that it didn't talk. Arrived on time and in good condition.
Great! Just what my granddaughter wanted  Great!  Just what my granddaughter wanted!!
My daughter loved her Alice in wonderland white rabbit! It is very soft and so cute.
My great grandson absolutely adores it!
Hank Plush is amazing  Bought this for my daughter. She loves him. Doesn't pick up much dust. Exactly what i was looking for. Love how plush he is as well.
Great gift!  Omg, my little granddaughter is obsessed with Hank and this is perfect!!  Makes me happy just to look at it! Well-made and a great size- anatomically correct with 7 legs- since we all know Hank lost one of his legs in the ocean. ( ;  Great gift for any Dory-loving fan!
my grandson loves his Sanei from Super Mario.
Great seller  Lot bigger than I expected! My son loves it! Great seller
Oh hi, I am adorable  This cutey-pants Boo is a great gift for anyone who is a fan of the dog. From some angles he looks a bit evil, which makes for a fun am I cute or am I evil game, but I highly recommend it for both children and adults who can't cuddle with the real thing.
My Godson loves his new bday gift
Pokemon  Pokemons are too expensive, but the quality seems to be really good, my son loves it.... So I suppose it's worth the money...
as advertised and great delivery service
SOOO adorable  this is sooo cute!  mah brothers (3 yrs) love 'im too!!!!  the call him a spider.
Bubble Guppie Plush Dolls Extremely Toddler Friendly  Nonny is extremely soft, colorful, and easy for my 16 month old Granddaughter to snuggle with as she plays.
Love it
Adorable!  This was so adorably cure I ordered another one for my sister in law. It's great for kids and adults!
Worth every penny  My 2 and some change year old LOVED this toy.  I got it to help keep her busy and quiet on a cross country flight.  Did the trick.  Also very entertaining for my 12mo old as well as my 4yr old (she has a few fine motor skill delays so this was right up her alley).  The little zippered mouth pocket was also perfect for hiding little surprises in for each flight (four total round trip).  Great product.
Really nice quality. Wings are wired so they move out and in. My nephew loved it.
Cutest snowman ever!  This adorable snowman is the perfect  companion for the book...and the perfect size for a toddler's hands! a charming gift to give.
Great
Perfect  Every child should have this one....actually bought two of these and will get more ffor other children if still available.....
Worth every cent.  Extremely high quality and life-sized!
Excellent quality product  Excellent quality product.  Purchased from Hannari store - very reputable seller. This Pikachu Plush is incredibly soft. My 5-year old goes nowhere without this little guy.
Best doll ever  I love this doll soooo much .. great  material ...
Better than expected  Much better quality than I expected. I think he looks better in person than on the picture. My son loves his Mickey!
My young grandson has a new friend!
Soft to the touch  Adorable - I have this with my gray/white and black/white guinea pigs sitting on the wood pile near my electric heater.
Great but not as good as lion buckle toy  My 14-month-old son loves this toy but not as much as the Lion buckle toy that comes with two less buckles to do and undo. The issue is that because of the way it is structured he gets confused by which buckles go with each other because of the way they hang. As he gets older I am sure this will be less of an issue as he discerns that he must match by color:
Unexpectedly charming  My 3 yo daughter received this for Christmas. It is so soft and the music is so beautiful. I was hoping that the description on here would tell me what song it is because it sounds familiar.
A great gift or item for yourself  Its great its just like in its pictures but rather small it came right on time.
Loved  Very cute!  Loved it
Great for Two Year Old  We bought this doll for a 2 year old you specifically requested her by name!  Too cute and perfect!
My little boy just loved this plush toy.
love it
Great Kaloo product!!  We use this as a distraction during diaper change ... my daughter loves to roll over during diaper changes and this calms her down.. it's also bigger than how the picture portrays it which is better for my liking
Perfect, baby loves it
So Cute  So this guy is little and adorable and I gave it to someone who didn't even really like the ewoks and still thought it was really cute and neat. He is small and slightly flat so I wouldn't call it a plus but he is durable. There isn't anything that can fall off (such as an eye ball) Just a cute little ewok
Very cute item.  It's adorable. Perfect size. And although the shipping was a bit slow - definitely worth the wait. :)
The Best Olaf!  A great Olaf toy! So many fun phrases and things to do with him! I also love that even though he is considered a pull apart toy, he doesn't completely come off, he's attached by an expanding string so you can't lose his pieces. A wonderful Olaf to have!!
Good quality
Who doesn't love Buu???  Awesome plushie, and cute as a button. Best in the series by far.
MOMMY AND BABY ARE REALLY CUTE I WOULD RECOMMEND
this was an awesome find.....
Very soft and cute.
So cute and soft!  My son loves this.
our 3 yr old is completely in love with her Minnie
This is a very detailed and high quality product. her mane is sewn in place to keep a realistic form. Eyes and all details are a sewn pattern. I bought this one for a friend, who loved it.  The only minus is the"my little pony" tag on her left back leg.
Fluffy accurate  If your child loves Star Wars. Angry birds this will be a hit. So soft, accurate and washes great in a front loader. Very happy I bought this for my son.
Every child needs a llama  Even though my new granddaughter is on two months old, she had to have her own llama in the red pajamas just like her older sister. This series is so entertaining as well as being very instructive in life lessons. I embroidered her initials on the pajamas so she will be able to tell which llama belongs to her. Love it!
my grandchildren love them
=)  I got this for my nieces 1st birthday and she loved it. She carried it around and thought it was great. I bought the whole set. Super great gift for the price. I want a set for my future kids.
She is the best size!  I sent this Minnie as a 3rd birthday gift. The recipient looooves her!! She is the best size!
Tiny, but insanely cute  This plush came well before it's designated arrival date, and in great condition! I bought this for a friend for Christmas, and I really think she's going to like it!  It's small and squishy, with nice stitching (no stray strings), and is just overall cute! Who would of known Grimer could be so cuddly?!
... smaller than I expected but it still turned out good for what I used it for  It was a little smaller than I expected but it still turned out good for what I used it for!
Great product  Super cute and great quality and also bigger than i expected. Also a plus :)
Great  Excellent quality, fast shipping, and exactly what I was expecting! My son is thrilled with his new rare Golden Freddy plushy!
... brand for baby gifts and this fox did not disappoint. Very soft and cuddly  Bunnies by the Bay is my go-to brand for baby gifts and this fox did not disappoint.  Very soft and cuddly, I almost did not want to send it to its intended recipient.
great quality. Our son LOVES Freddy  great quality. Our son LOVES Freddy. This was THE only thing on his Christmas list and I don't regret paying $40 for it. He would take it to school with him if he could!
peppa pigs are adorble  Dolls are adorable and so soft. kids will adore these....i want to buy the entire family BTW not available in stores yet so order.. great value as well
I love this....  wish it was still being made! hate having to make a minimum number of words so just typing any crap
cute and good for the price
Genuine Disney Pooh & Super Snuggly Soft!  True to the listing. Genuine Disney stamped product and super super soft! My son absolutely loves this pooh!
Love it  So cute!
Awesome toy...  My son simply loves this beautiful toy as it exactly resembles his favorite cartoon ...
Super cute sloth. Youll like it!
Perfect for sleeping peacefully with a superhero!  My little boy loves Superman and Batman. This Batman with it's soft head is absolutely perfect for taking to bed and cuddling. It is quite large, but completely soft.
Awesome
Elmo  My 20 month old granddaughter loves it! I like that it is soft- including the eyes. I like the larger size. I would recommend it !
Adorable plush for geek  The plush is soft and the sewing are resistante. Furthermore I had no problem with the shipment to Italy.
Very well stitched and made.  Worth the cost.
They love them!  My kids are obsessed with DBZ so they were excited to get this plush. I got 2 because I have 2 kids. They love them!
Totally adorable  If your child is a fan of Totoro, this is an adorable toy. It's big enough to cuddle but small enough to fit in my bag when cuddle time is over. The item also arrived quickly so I always appreciate that kind of service.
Very nice toy.
she loved it, perfect size  Bought it for my god daughter, she loved it, perfect size, Shes 4 years old.
Fun  great spread of sexually transmitted diseases just in time for the holidays
great price, my son loves it  As advertised, great price, my son loves it!
Great quality and cutest thing ever!  My daughter absolutely loves these precious little sheep. They are of high quality and have held up amazingly well after countless hours of play. If you are looking for an unusual stuffed animal gift, this should be your first choice.
another one for our collection.  My son absolutely loves this doll.  It's exactly what we wanted.  Good construction!!  We always buy from Sansei, but lately we've been getting dolls from Little Buddy and we're very happy with how well they're constructed and most importantly how great they look!!
Amazing  These tsum tsum thing are so adorable I got them for my little girl and she loves them
Another animal for the zoo  The giraffe is cute. It is the perfect size for a small child. When I stand next to it, it comes almost to my hip. We bought it for our daughters nursery.
good
The colors are bright and beautiful. Perfect size for a toddler  I thought the price was fair and they are well made and soft. The colors are bright and beautiful. Perfect size for a toddler. Very loved by the child they were given to.
Love!  My son (age 4) LOVES this AT-AT
exactly as described
Pleased with purchase.  This teddy loveable.
It is a stuffed animal.  It is cute and my wife loves it.
Prefect Bing Bong! Great size for toddlers as it is easy to grasp and play with.
Awesome Product!  BOUGHT FOR MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS HE IS 3Y OLD NOW AND HAS BEEN WANTING A NET FOR QUITE A WHILE AND THIS NET IS PERFECT AND EXACTLY WHAT WE WERE LOOKING FOR.  SEEMS PRETTY STURDY TO FOR THE AMOUNT OF USE THAT IT GETS!
My granddaughter will LOVE it!  Thank you so much!  My granddaughter will LOVE it!
Probably way over price, but my grandson loves these toys!
Really great plushie  This plushie was detailed and higher quality quality than I expected. It's a great purchase for the price.
Toopy & Binoo Plush Toy is GORGEOUS  This toy is super adorable....so gorgeous! Looks like the characters....VERY pleased with the purchase!!!! xo  I can't wait to give this to my 2 yr old Niece!
She loved it.
An Instant Hit  My one year old daughter adores this doll, and I do too. She is incredibly soft, perfect for my baby girl who loves smooshing her own face against her tight for snuggles. Although the suggested age range for this doll begins at three I feel completely safe letting my daughter play with this. The features are sewn in so there are no buttons to come loose and act as choking hazards. Instead, Maryam's friendly, happy, features have all been neatly sewed in. Her cheeks are a soft pink, stitched in with pink thread. Hey eyes, mouth, and nose are a shimmery tan/gold color of thread. She does have pink from head to toe! The dress part of her outfit is a thinner fabric and can be removed if you would like to change out the color or style. If you are crafty this would be a great opportunity to sew some fun dresses so your daughter can play dress up with her new doll. Although she has adorable hot pink shoes that match her hijab and gray stockings built in, I was a little surprised to find that the doll has nothing on underneath her dress. Not a big deal, although I might sew her some undergarments. She has a cute little scarf wrapped around her neck that adds a little extra dimension. Her hijab is made of the same super soft material as her body. It is sewn in as part of the body of the doll and is not removable. It is set off by a sweet and whimsical blue daisy that, while only glued on, is incredibly well attached. In fact I would say this doll has been very carefully constructed at all angles. She is very sturdily made and should withstand the intense attention of a young child for a long while. I will note that the doll I received came in a plastic bag and not the cardboard packaging shown. That didn't affect my opinions about the product though as Maryam is quite lovely and absolutely met our expectations. Overall I would say this is a fantastic doll for young girls. She is a great doll to help Muslim girls feel like there is a doll that represents them, as well as a great doll to help teach non-Muslim girls about the beauty of diversity. She is well made, incredibly soft and pillow-cozy. She's great!  I received this doll at a discounted rate in exchange for trying it out in my own home and writing an honest, unbiased review based on my family's experiences with it.
Granddaughter loves it!
Very good product we bought.  My grand kid (girl) loves her.  Thanks for making this lovely flush doll :)!  Hope that you continue to make great product.  Thanks!
Cute adorable
Awesome  He came out amazing cx cutest doll ever :3
It was exactly what my daughter wanted.
ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE! 
exactly what we thought, our little boy loves it!
I love these dolls!  I love these dolls! They are cuddly, soft and beautifully sewn. They're also huge! They're the perfect size for your child to snuggle down at night with or set up for an afternoon tea party!  In addition to being a precious doll, they make it easy to teach your little kids how to be a good people. Each doll has a `good' character quality to teach. There's a satin ribbon on the back of each doll that has the most adorable little write-up that explains the quality. In addition to this, each doll has a wrist band with the company's website where you can go with your child and have them follow along screen-by-screen, beautifully illustrated instructions, ending with a character quality challenge that you can have your little one do. Afterwards there are FREE certificates for you to print out for your child to reward them for the challenge they did. These are the kind of toys that remind us what was special about being a child, the simple lessons we learned - kindness, cheerfulness, generosity, gratefulness, fairness and honesty. Well done My Friend Huggles!
Very pleased with product and service.
Excellent figure! Love him
I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
My son loves it, faster shipping than expected!
If you know anything about the game Five Nights at Freddy's then you will know that this toy looks absolutely perfect. The creep  This is not your average plush toy. This is made very well. It's probably more for sitting on display on a shelf somewhere.  That's how quality it is. If you know anything about the game Five Nights at Freddy's then you will know that this toy looks absolutely perfect.  The creepy happy combination expression on his face is perfect to the character.
This a beautiful, soft bunny that was a gift for my 6 month old daughter. She loves it and we may be ordering a second one for a spare!
Bubble Guppies  My niece absolutely loves Bubble Guppies so she loved getting this for Christmas. She was able to act our her favorite episodes will all the plush dolls she got. They are very soft if anyone was wondering.
Great gift for babies and toddlers!  Baby loves it!  Nine months old, uses it like a pillow, jumps on it, stands on it.  Just adorable and well made.
Nice soft monster for my baby nephew.  My baby nephew's room is Monster Inc and this great soft toy fits in perfectly. Love the sayings it has.
but it arrived and it looks good. The plushie was a gift  I wasn't sure about the quality from the picture, but it arrived and it looks good. The plushie was a gift, and the recipient really liked it.
A+  A+ would love to see more like grizzlor, Mantena, man at arms, king hiss, horde prime, eldor, snake face, leech!
Cute Peppa the Pig plush.  ok, I don't love Peppa Pig. My granddaughter does. It's around 7 inches in length, which is just perfect for a two year old. She hauls it around everywhere. It oinks when you squeeze it. It's not a loud and obnoxious oink, for which I am grateful. But I do get tired of hearing it when she's sitting in my lap and oinking it. It seems quite sturdy. I know it has taken a few beatings, being dragged around everywhere.
It's the perfect size & is very soft  It's the perfect size & is very soft. I love it! The catbus is my favorite anime character of all time & they really got every detail of him spot on, he looks great on my dorm bed :3
Wonderful gift. His next Betsy.
Wonderful surprise.  They were bought for my 3 year old and as you can see he absolutely loves them. They came in when and as  expected. They all worked and was in excellent condition.
great
perfect
=)
Fabulous  I bought  this doll as a gift,very happy with it ,exactly as described.
AMAZING!  AMAZING!
it's just like MarioLuigiPlushBros and SuperMarioMaster owns  Awesome plush
one of my best knives  I have a bread machine, and this slices through the multigrain crust and bagels with no effort whatsoever.  Be careful!  It also slices through the skin on your fingers.  I speak from personal experience.
I choose you!  I gotta say, knocked it out of the park with this one.  When my niece opened her gift and the plush Evee popped out, you would have thought a real one would have came out of the box!  She hung on to it all day and sleeps with it every night.  It is nice quality, soft and firm (to keep it's shape) but not too firm to make it hard.
Baby Gift  My daughter received this book as a hand me down and it's an everyday read for her, she's 11 months. Purchased this gift for my friend and her little one.
Cute talking Olaf!  I saw the price, so I got it. Plus it's a cute Olaf!!! Put it aside till  Christmas!!!
My son loved it.  The arms are stitched to the body and after a day one arm was unstiched.  Quick fix with thread and needle though.  Great stuff animal if you love pandas or Chu.
My nephew loved it!
as described, quite happy
Valentines day gift,  This was a great valentines day gift that my daughters boyfriend paid to get for her we picked it out together and sure enough laparas was just what she wanted with all of her other Pokemon plush,  I give this a 5/5 stares,  The dolls quality was excellent shipping was fast will be purchasing other plush from here
Love it's
No surprises  As described, received earlier than was excepted. Coming from China that is good!
My 6 year old loves these.  Has even made it through the washer and dryer a few times.
Lovely!  I had gotten her on Monday and she is gorgeous! I liked this plush better than the ones being sold on J-List and she's just as cute in person as she is in the picture. I'm expecting my Venus and I will def be getting the other plushes c: I just hope they have Chibiusa, Diana and the Outer Senshi made soon!
The best blastoise plush around!  I got mine from Sunyshore Pokemart but this plush is awesome. I have been waiting for this ever since Pok&eacute;mon X and Y were released and it does not disappoint. The stitching on the arm cannons, face and shell are excellent. It is incredibly detailed and looks just like Mega Blastoise should.  The material is quite soft and high quality with a combination of short minky and polyester fabric. I have several Blastoise plush and this is my favorite. I have been on team Squirtle ever since Pok&eacute;mon Red and Blue. When I saw my favorite pokemon and his mega evolution got a plush, I had to pick it up. Even the tag with his picture is stylish and unique to the Mega Evolution merchandise.  The plush measures just over 9 inches high so it is a good size as well, without being too big or too small. Great for all ages and very durable. If you are a Blastoise or Pok&eacute;mon fan pick this up you won't be disappointed!
Very soft and well made
This is so adorable! And tardigrades are all around us  This is so adorable!  And tardigrades are all around us!  That's what's so fascinating!
Excellent product!!  Absolutely well made product and completely adorable.
10/10 would Sylveon again  Very well made, only a few stray strings I plucked off. Good price and wonderful condition.
Very cute. My granddaughter loves it!
Really fun, well done running bear  Niece LOVED it.  I was surprised how well it manages to walk.  Even on low lying carpet.  It handles itself pretty well.  Despite seeming like it will fall over at any moment.  It manages to stay upright very well.  In fact, not to be disturbing but it will practically hump your leg if it comes your way.  It won't just fall upon contact.  Also the song plays a long time which is cool.  Way longer than most bears.  It's loud and clear.  We just love it.
Fun zombie toy  I bought this for my 16 year old son just for fun. He loved it. He was able to share it with his friends for brain munching fun.
Great toy! My little one just got this for her 3rd birthday and loves it! In fact, we're purchasing another one for her. Our dog was also fascinated by the challenge of undoing the buckles and took it upon herself to practice that night.
Captain Toad with excellent detailing.  Well made, finely detailed Captain Toad plushy.  Excellent for any collector or child who adores the Super Mario series.
great!  My 3yr old niece loved it!!
My grandniece loved it
and the whole family enjoyed him, briefly setting him on our Christmas tree  I bought this for my sister for Christmas, and the whole family enjoyed him, briefly setting him on our Christmas tree. Comes as advertised. Sturdy doll, great for the liberal in your life who might need something to hug in this political climate.
This plush character is high quality and so adorable!  It is worth every penny!
The product is of incredible quality!  My daughter was over the moon!  It is soft and really plump (I think that matters for stuffed animals).  Keep in mind, it is coming directly from China so it did take about 3 weeks to get here.  Be patient, the product quality is worth it.
Just like the picture  It's such an ugly dog, but it's so cute! Just like the picture.
Plush toy is made to look like it's old and worn, brilliant!  I love the character of Lotso and this plush is awesome.  The size makes him very huggable and his tummy smells like strawberries.  He is made to look like he is used and worn, which I find clever and appealing.  Another reviewer said that they received this plush and that it was dirty and used, but it is supposed to look that way.  I would recommend this for anyone who wants a squeezable plush to cuddle with.
Love this toy.  Purchased when my son was 10months and still a favourite at 2yrs. This has been on an airplane 6times now. Great for fine motor skills.
Everything was perfect!
Excellent  I purchased this Elmo as one of my grandpa's Christmas present. He is three years old and wants everything that has Elmo on it. He was so exited when he opened his gift and has  not put it down since Christmas.  It was the perfect gift for him. I would highly recommended this to anyone who is looking for that perfect toy small and light weight for a toddler to carry. It was exactly what I was looking for.
Love it!  Super cute toy :) such a weird, funny sound it makes!
Very soft  The plush is very soft and well made. We did not get this plush for a child, but nonetheless was a great buy. Might even get him a brother.
Dr. Elmo Plush Raindeer  Great reminder of days past.  Use to have a great one and someone took it.  So glad to find to find another.
My Niece Love the Plush Dolls!  My niece is a huge Monster High fan and she loves the plush dolls.  They are just adorable.  She plays with them as much as her other Monster High Dolls.  I would recommend them.
I almost died when I saw it...It's so cute!  So, I asked for this as a gift for christmas this past year and when I opened the package, I had to hold back my scream. It is probably one of the cutest plushies I own! I mean, what's cuter than three little green, round, blushing peas stuffed conveniently into a zippable pod? It's hard to beat! This gift is perfect for little kids or really anybody who adores this kind of thing... Every pea has a slightly different expression which I thought added to the adorable-ness! You can take all the peas out of the pod if you wish to hold them without the pod. I personally love this feature because honestly, it would not have been as cute if the peas were stuck inside the pod.  5 stars in every category except educational value because it wasn't made to teach anybody anything. It was made to be adored and cuddled with! I love this little pod!
A lot of detail for it's size.  It's smaller than I expected, but packed with lots of detail.
its better than the picture and is so sift and cute i totally would buy another
Given as a gift. Recipient liked this more than the $50 giant Elmo that has more features.
GRAND SON LOVED THESE THANK YOU
ABSOLUTELY MAGICAL!!!!  Highly recommend this little puppy and book.  Arrived quicker than expected....good seller.  The book is pure magic and almost brought tears to my eyes it's so sweet.  It explains the importance of kindness and good deeds on a level that even the youngest child can understand.  The illustrations are beautiful, and the way it is packaged, if you removed the packaging carefully, you can store the book and the puppy together at all times.  My 6 year old granddaughter was thrilled with both and the look on her face while I was reading the book was priceless.  I highly recommend this set for every child.
Very happy  I love the classics and intend to make sure my grandchildren know about them too. He was much more 'squishy' (?) than I remember mine being but that's a good thing.
Cutie!!!  Love it!!!! Soft and cuddly... perfect gift.
It arrived earlier than expected!  It arrived sooner than expected! It was exactly as described! Great quality! My granddaughter was thrilled to receive this as a birthday gift!!
A cute toy with cuter sounds, my little sister really enjoys it.
Nemo  Cute toy. My daughter loves it.
Gah!!  He's the most adorable little devil you've ever seen! He keeps me company while I sleep, but I'm sure he has other amazing purposes you will find!
Cute  My lil brother loved it.
These elves are so cute !
Great items just there was a small tear on the corner of the mouth. Great size. It looks just like the picture. Even a great price!
My nephew loved it
Exceeds expectations...much cuter in person
She loved it  Super cute! I bought for a gift for a toddler (3 years) and she loved it!
I bought this for my 15 month old granddaughter and she adores her "baby doc" - beside Mickey Mouse, this is other favorite cartoon and she carries her around and dances with her.  The size is perfect for her and she hasn't managed to pull off any of the parts and she has been playing with her for over a month now. The price was also good, some cartoon things can get a bit on the pricey side, but this was a good price and I think she will be playing with her for years.
To my utter delight it is extremely soft  IT'S HUGE AND SOFT. I collect pumpkaboos and I was worried this one was going to be a less than pleasant texture but I wanted a big one for my 'pumpkaboo patch'. To my utter delight it is extremely soft. It's also way bigger than I anticipated.
Super cute gift!
Exactly as described and wonderful!  This ninetales is wonderfully rendered and of high quality. Shipping was quick (arrived before expected delivery date) even with coming from out of country, and the price was reasonable. If you're on the fence, I say go for this plush- you won't be disappointed.
Too cute for words  what's not to love  He's soft and cuddly and likes warm hugs.
so cute  kirito is sooooo cute I would recommend him to any SAO or just anime fan he's that cute :3 nice size made really well, only thing is I wish they gave him his other sword to, but besides that he's awesome :D
Smaller than expected...but still love it!  I love this plush! It's cute and my niece likes it more than the Hello Kitty doll I got her. I thought it'd be bigger but who cares...I still love it. A great plush for fans(which I am...). At a reasonable price too!
Frozen Fanatics in this house!  I had purchased this doll for my three year old who loves Frozen and had gotten my six year old the Elsa one. It had arrived on time and when it did to my surprise I seen that she talked. She says about five to six phrases. The toy seems pretty durable than what I had expected. I know that when my daughters open these on Christmas they will love them. If you have Frozen fans in your house then this toy is a nice addition to their Frozen collection. :)
The kid I bought this for loves it.
It's perfect for this 14 month old  My grandson loves it ! It's perfect for this 14 month old.
Just right  My daughter loved it. Perfect fit for her backpack.
Stuffed Dachshund  As listed- soft stuffed animal.
Keeps little hands busy  Very cute, I love the buckles to keep little hands busy, I would have given this toy another star but the nose is a little off
Super fun!  My 5 year old loves this thing! Of course he's always been partial to monkey toys. It is cute, and is sure to make any kid giggle when they hear it screech as it flys through the air. The little mask and cape are removable if need be.
OMG this is great  love the size
Love the doll
Ginn  Christmas gift for grandkids.  They really like playing with.
It was great.
Loves it  We got this for our two and a half year old grandson, he loves it. It fully met our expectations.
But otherwise it is PERFECT.  This plush is so cute. It's going to be a hit for my boyfriends Alien themed birthday. My only complaint is that it's a lot smaller than I would've thought. But otherwise it is PERFECT.
It was for my new grandchild and his parents and I loved it.  Ordered it on Friday,received it on Monday. It was for my new grandchild and his parents and I loved it.
My Kids Love them
This is a fun  the dog thinks it is coming to get her.  This is a fun toy
It looks just like the picture  My son loves it.  It looks just like the picture.
Kewl
Plue  came sooner than expected it really cool
My visiting 21 month old grandchild loved buckling the many buckles on this toy  My visiting 21 month old grandchild loved buckling the many buckles on this toy. I would undo them and she would put them together.  It worked well as a restaurant distraction also.
Great product!  Got this for my daughter and she just absolutely adores it. The quality is great to a lot better than I expected for the price. YAY!
Awesome!  My little brother loves it!
Holy cow good value  Just as advertised, I'd call it cool, maybe not the best, but certainly fun. Seems well made for what it is, and has held up for the first couple day my kids have had it. They still are flinging it around so I'd say it is a good value. Had this thing for quite a while and it's still flying around my house = good fun value
nice  good quality plush. overpriced but it's limited edition....
Awesome  So this is my dad's account... He ordered this for me and I love it! It's all flexible but I think the hair joints are connected through the head so if I put them both facing up that they fall, and if you move one side the other goes that way too. When people say flexible, they mean she has tons of joints in the hair, legs, and arms. She may be bigger than you thought, and these people are weird because they designed her underwear. I got it on 5/12/14 but the earliest date was supposed to be 5/28/14. Great product!
My son loves it  My son loves it
Great quality, looks so much cooler than the others I saw on Amazon. Looks exactly like photo.
quality toy  My son really likes this creeper stuffed animal. The quality is good.
Great quality, my college aged daughter loves these  The quality of the Ugly Doll plush is great. My dog actually got ahold of one and he usually has stuffed plush apart in seconds.. He didn't get it apart. Durable material and construction. the image does not do this justice. It is 12inch, so it is perfect size for bedtime. ( it seems larger than 12 inch to me ).  This one is very popular and glad it is still available.
Well made, nice size  These are very nice stuffed animals. They are a good size. I thought they might be too small but when they came I was pleasantly surprised. These were for a six year old. She loved them.
Durable  I really like this plush, it's well made, my son loved it.  It can go in the washer with no problem, no seam problems either.
This was the next best thing. She loves it  This was a present for my 4 year old granddaughter who wanted a puppy.  This was the next best thing.  She loves it!
Best food out there  This is the food I most prefer for my birds!  The food is softer and so there is less waste than the other pellets.
Love Marcy!  Marceline is awesome, this doll is just great. I ordered it because I only had a few dollars and thought it looked cool. I love it a lot and so far she's been great. She just sits on my dresser and looks super cool. Definitely recommend!
Amazing!!!  Always wanted for these longest but finally got one I was really surprised with how life like is the size and how much quality these are I would highly recommend this to all and all aliens fans
Adorable and cute
cute and decent price.
Perfect for every Harry Potter fan  This is so SO nice! I LOVE it! Its well made, NOT cheap and it sits beautifully next to my HP books. Its WORTH THE MONEY!
Grandson loved it
Fast favorite of everyone in the house  So soft and snuggly!  Fast favorite of everyone in the house, not just the 2 year old it was purchased for.
My grand daughter loves it
BEWARE! HAZZARD TO ADULTS HEARING! LOL  Bought for 2 and 4 YR. old and they love dancing with the fox! Of course adults get a little tired hearing him over and over. LOL
Kirby toys this size - always a hit  Kids aged 7 and 3 raved about it. One small issue though, after a while, the thin plastic ovals in the feet/sole area slide out and go into the body. No big deal to put them back in, but I figured I'd mention it. And maybe a seam opened up a bit but still a toy worth buying 100% if you kid is into Kirby. Perfect size for little hands.
addition for the mario plush series  As I order the nitendo mario bros plush series 2 for my classroom christmas tree I need some girls for it. Cute but very tiny. But as pictured.
Squeeze a Song  I'm very surprised at the negative reviews on this toy. I suppose people don't know what a squeeze a song toy does. The toy does exactly what it is supposed to do, similar to one of those Singamajigs.  My nephew's face lights up when he sees the toy and giggles to pieces when it makes a noise. I think it's a fun toy. Cookie monster has never been an eloquent speaker anyway so give him a break. :-)
perfect  get on time . perfect sicze
He loved it!  Perfect stocking stuffer.  My son loved it and loves Star Wars Angry Birds. Exactly what I ordered and we are very happy.
Adorable and soft!
Amazing quality  This is an amazing replica of on screen character! My 2 year old loved it!
Cute little otter for otter-lovers  Gave it to my girlfriend, and she loves it.  Heck, even I love it. It's super cute!
Product was as stated in description. Decent quality, no loose threads or rips in the seams. No stains on the fabric.
Kids loved it.
adorable  this doll is so cute, kinda looks like a hawaiian girl too if you change the outfit. We love it
cute
The force was with this 1.
he loved it.  bought for my grandson, he loved it.
Cuddly & Cute  My 3 year old absolutely loves this doll.  She's super cute, and her soft and cuddly body make her perfect for snuggling.  She's a constant companion at naps and bedtime.
perfect  Awesome
My four year old loved it. Very cute.
Cute!  Very cute and cuddly, and big enough to fit nicely in a child's arm.
awesome Goku  I am a big Dragon Ball z fan. It is one of my favorite cartoons. So naturally now that I have a son, he had to have a plush toy of Goku. He loves playing with the doll. He is 7 months and it is no to rough for him to chew on it or poke his eyes.
Vibrant and realistic!
10 year old son loves it!
AWESOME!!!!  It looks exactly like the picture.  My children love this one because the green does look good with that pink and my daughter was taking it from my son so I had to buy her one too and it is on its way.  My daughter also loves her princess peach cat plush.  She used to love playing with baby dolls and now she uses her baby dolls as food for her cat princess peach and uses the baby bottle to feed her princess peach too.  hahaha. What imaginations children have and so innocent.  I admit, I got me the Mario cat to use to play with my children and they love the fact that I got myself one to play with them.
Perfect
FUN ZOMBIE SLIPPERS  Cute disturbing slippers! Perfect for my Nephew Trenton for his birthday sleepover or for anyone with the trendy passion for all things fun and zombie!
Would highly recommend  Great addition to my sons collection
Well done for making a cotton toy in a sea of plastic.  Cute little toy all the stitchings were tight and it was clean seems pretty durable. We washed it in the washing machine and hung out to dry before setting it loose with the other critter toys. Well done for making a cotton toy in a sea of plastic.
Fair price and was just what we were looking for.
Great toy  My baby loves it. Its the perfect size to snuggle.
Elmo is adorable!!  Elmo is adorable!!! The songs are cute and so are the sayings. My almost 2 year old carried him around and loves the different sayings!
It was great.
Awesome!  Almost as cute as the real thing.
My grandson loves it - thank you!
Hello Kitty Gold Angel  I love angels and I love this beanie Baby Hello Kittie Angel. Thank you Ty Beanie Baby for having it. Online Shopper Roberta from Connecticut
Adorable and big  Bought this for my friends kid. Since x mas he hasn't let it go. Lol
Great Pikachu!  2nd youngest niece who is still into Pokemon! Great Pikachu!
love it  My son is in love with his "crocky"  I was trying to replace a battery powered toy that was hard to wash and trying to get away from carrying 2 things around.  We traveled with this ut worked great you just put it all back togeather and your ready to roll.  it washes great and seems like it should last a long time.  This is a must I pland on getting one of the zoobie animals for my other son for christmas.
My daughter loved them. Instead of a little pet shop we got another pokemon doll. Not an Evee but it was still received with enthusiasm.
like a doll nice size
awesome  loved it!  like having the real one!
Good price and cute!!  We bought this for my son's birthday party as quiz prize. We are satisfied with the price and quality.
Worth it  My boys love plush toys, These have lasted several wash and dry cycles. Worth the money.
cause it's funny.  It's big, and it's cute. My son loves it. We always laugh at the face, cause it's funny.
Love Daisy.
I like it
Amazing!  I was expecting it to be bigger but its small size made it even more cuter! I love it so much!
Daughter Loves It  My daughter loves this big Minnie Mouse.  It's a great size.
Fantastic stuffed animal  The Disney Tigger has his normal mischievous grin and appears ready to jump! Fantastic stuffed animal!
Excellent plushie!  Sailor Venus was absolutely worth the price. She is durable, came to me clean, and doesn't have any flaws. I would absolutely buy again from this seller!
Great for play and improving fine motor skills  This doll is so adorable and great for teaching young children independence in dressing.  My son is 3 and struggles with self dressing with the exception of zippers.  This doll is a great way to give him practice at improving his skills.  There is a button, buckle, fasten (snap), tie (shoe) and zipper.  It also comes with a clip loop for easy carrying (diaper bag, purse, stroller, car seat for younger kids).  I had a similar doll for my daughter when she was little - I'm glad there is a boy version for my son!  This is a really soft and well made toy.  I love that it's machine washable, too!
Great plush toy!  Great item! Got it for my son and I like sleeping with it! Excellent information card came with it describing the species. Big plush toy! Love it!
good
Great product
Great Eastern!  Great Eastern!!!!! You are SO great lol I bought my plush from you before and did it again. Always a wonderful experience! Thank you for the wonderful quality and safe packaging!!!! Best place for anime plush for sure!!!!
Double pointed needle holder.  This is such a handy way to store your double pointed needles, and keep them from poking your work or stabbing you when stored in a bag.
You can't go wrong with Astrid!  My daughter absolutely loved Astrid and she's visually true to the movie!
This tiger is a great tiger to call your own  This tiger is a great tiger to call your own. It has a happy home with the rest of my stuffed streak. It is about 11.5 inches long. About the length of my forearm if that helps anyone.  Soft, cuddly and a great gift for anyone who loves tigers.
Wonderful doll!  She just arrived today, and she is beautiful!  Her eyes are not crossed like some others have commented.  She looks just as she is pictured!  I really like the vinyl face and soft body.  I can't wait to give this to my little girl for Christmas!  She will be thrilled!!
My son loves this  My son loves his Domo!!! Its a sturdy doll but still soft. Well made and bigger than I thought it was going to be!
Bought this for my 3 year old nephew that has some speech problems...giving for Christmas gift!
Perfect
Zombies are fun  Zombies in minecraft are fun and kids love to run from them. This one is no exception to that. My son loves his zombie and plays with it nightly.
hes so awsome  hes cute hes soft hes blue hes lapras thank you so much for selling him to me thanks so much
Very good!
Bought this for a Xmas present and they absolutely loved it. All stitching and areas looked straight and well made.
Great item for my tsum tsum collection.
Great Gift  Peppa and George were the perfect size for my nephew and they looked amazing. We were so hapoy to get them because we could not find Peppa merchandise anywhere in our area!!
Looking Awesome.
Awesome Gift  I got this as a gift for a little member of the family and she loved it. Not a full plush doll, but luckily the head is rubbery plastic and its at a very affordable price for such a tall doll. Definate buy for a loved one.
It's cute. But remember 7 inches means 7 inches. It is not huggable but it is holdable.  Disney paid great attention to detail and am glad this was not overpriced.
I love Furbys!  No matter how many of them we get, they are always cute and work. My daughter has tried almost every single model that appeared during the last few years and still wants to go for more!
I bought this and several other Star Wars plush dolls for the obligatory Princess Leia infant photo shoot of my baby girl.  Great toy that I am sure she (and I) will spend a lot of time playing with.
It's good
Perfect in every way!
Pefect
Like most toddlers  My 2 year old granddaughter loves her buckle buddy. Like most toddlers, she loves every buckle that comes her way.
gotta love goofy  great stocking stuffer, as it was for our 4 year old who loves goofy....  perfect size.  not too big, or small
Adorable and Amazing  I buy these for my young nieces and nephews special occasions and they love them very much.
So cute!  Super cute!  I wear women's size 6.5 / 7 and they fit just right on my feet. Super cute, warm and just adorable! The ears are flexible (wires in them).
Very life like and adorable  Bought the large one as a gift for my sister who cannot have a dog at her current place of residence. Very life like and adorable. She loves it!
She loves Shopkins and this plush doughnut allows her to safely sleep with her favorite Shopkins  So cute.  My daughter loves it!! She loves Shopkins and this plush doughnut allows her to safely sleep with her favorite Shopkins character
Great Princess Poppy  The child loves this toy.  Many sayings from the movie.
yo gabba gabba makes my grandson happy he loves dj  yo  gabba  gabba  makes  my  grandson  happy  he  loves  dj  lace
Just great and not a fake..
Reindeer are Better than People  Great size, household favorite. Antlers aren't super sturdy, but its a great doll for the 2.5 year old in my life.
Adorable  My son loved it, was perfect bang for your buck. Super cute. Soft
High Quality and Cute Plushy!  It came really fast, and the quality of the plushy was top notch! I gave it to a friend of mine who's a huge Cubone fan, and he LOVES it! I would definitely recommend this!
Owls.  Owls.  Cute.  Kid loves them.
My son loved this! He is obsessed with buckles and as soon as he saw this he hugged it for 20 minutes.
Diehard fan  If you love angry birds, you are going to love the star wars version!  Who doesn't want to chuck a bird holding a lightsaber?
Very satisfied.  My grandson loved it for his birthday!
baby will love these!!! So cute!!!  Baby Carter love these!!! Larry is so big!!!!LOL
Niece and nephew loved them.  My niece and nephew loved them. My sister told me they screamed after opening the box. I knew they liked the movie so I bought them for them.  They played with them all evening. Drove my sister and her husband crazy!
My son loves his talking Henry Hugglemonster. He is Arrwsome!
He is a cutie  Love this little guy, I like to hang him different places in the house
Good quality, It has survived a four year old for about 6 months now and still going strong.
Granddaughter carries this with her all the time.
Not quite as good as the Mark Twain or Einstein but love it - Even with the hair not being perfect it is very nice and the hair is super soft
Great  Christmas gift I know my son will love it
1st Elmo for my first granddaugher.
Shopkins Plush for Grand Daughter's birthday!  Birthday gift for Grand Daughter and she loves it!
Cute  My son loves his Pikachu. It was exactly as pictured.
Great learning toy  Bought for my son's preK classroom.  Great learning toy!
Super cute!
Granddaughter fell in love  Eighteen month old granddaughter fell in the minute she opened the package.and wouldn't put him down.  She loves to sleep with it.
Too cute  Too cute
Perfect for the Elmo lover in all of us!!!  Wonderful Sesame Street toy by Gund. Heart warming, plush, and fuzzy. Excelent workmanship, snug stitching, durable. Great for all the Elmo lovers in all of us.
It is wrapped and ready for my grandson
love it
My grand daughter Loved the Elsa Doll  My grand daughter Loved the Elsa Doll!
Cute
this is a great value plush that my son loved  saw one of these at a mall store that was smaller and more expensive. this is a great value plush that my son loved.
SOOO CUTE!  Love it!  My granddaughter likes to walk around hugging her "friend"!  Great gift to any child!  They have the set
You're so cute  So cute
I really love it!
Great stuffed toy  True to size and color. Perfect Nemo.
A great toy for my 1.5 year old and excellent customer service!!!
It looks awesome and my friend fall in love with him. Quality is really very good.
Well made Kirby!  Perfect and exactly what my kids wanted!
Adorable  This stuffed elephant is incredibly cute, I purchased it for a jungle themed baby shower. The stuffed animal is very soft!
Exactly what I wanted.
Exactly as described
great
my grandkids love this
Good product  Good product
Grandson loves it !!!!  Grandson loves it !!!!
We own a Boston Terrier named Roxie and had to get this toy.
Was absolutely awesome!!  LOOOOVE IT!!!!! Was absolutely awesome!!!! Great quality! EXCELLENT PRICES!!! Very fast shipping! Excellent seller!
Super cute!  Tiny, cute size and well made stuffed animal.  This Hello Kitty works perfectly in the back window of my car!
cute lil guy
Exactly wat i wanted!!!
My sons favorite toy! But it gets VERY VERY dirty and no matter how many times I have washed it both in and out of a toy bag for washes the dirt is stuck forever and it looks horrible.
My son really likes the buckles.
Cute!  Grandson loves it
Very Cute  Fast shipping. Product is very cute and is great as a gift. I like the fact that it moos as it is shot.
The babe loves it and so do I  My babe totally loves this baby Groot. Its a lot cuter in person.
Arrived quick.. large and soft
FUN
Great product, great price.
Love it!  I chose this rating because my daughter loves it!  I ended up getting the entire Star Wars Angry Birds because all four of my children love the Star Wars version of Angry Birds.  It's funny to watch them act out the game with their birds and piggies.  I would recommend this to any Star Wars Angry Birds fans.
expensive black doll.  This gift was for my best friends wife. these dolls are really great and fun and comfy. it's a doll. i don't know about the educational value. dolls are great if people like them. This doll was/is well liked.
Great  Came on time. Disney Sealed. Fantastic.
it's just adorable  i'm an adult who bought it for herself. i love dragons, and i love my black cat, and this reminds me of both. can't wait til the step grandson is old enough to appreciate it.
Grandson Loved His Tummy Stuffer!  I didn't see this toy up close and personal, but when we Skyped on Christmas, the Tummy Stuffer is what my grandson was holding.  He had already "stuffed" some of his other gifts in it. It's a stuffed animal that multi-tasks!
I'm just happy she's happy  I ordered this for my grand daughter an she loves it...I'm just happy she's happy.
Love it.  this is very cute & soft.  Love it.
Great buy  My first true Pokemon Plush & I love it!
Awesome!  I got this for my Girlfriend last Christmas and she is a giant Naruto fan. When she saw it she flipped out with joy. Great item for Naruto fans!
Good grief I love me some Spider-Gwen  Good grief I love me some Spider-Gwen. I was very surprised at how big this plush it. Extremely well made too. My son thinks that this is his, but he is woefully incorrect ;)
Ty beanie baby Hello Kitty bunny ears  This is very cute.  I gave it as an Easter basket gift and she loved it.  I would recommend it.
Excellent Quality and Cute!  This doll is exceptionally cute! I am a huge fan of plushies and I am usually dissapointed when I order a plushie and it is smaller or poor quality. This plushie is anything but that! The quality is amazing and very professional. It doesn't look like something an elementary student put together with scissors and cheap felt. They eyes on the doll are "ironed on" and are very clear and smooth. You can tell they will not come off or peel easily. Her outfit has cute details too! The hair is fit on tightly (does not shift or move). I love this plushie! I definite must buy for a SAO fan.
Long time Coming!  Took a LONG time to get here but it's great. Actually is better than I expected.
My great niece loves POPPY so now she gets to take her wherever she goes
ECXCELLENT QUALITY, LIFE-LIKE AND DARN ADORABLE!  I bought this after having purchased the Chipmunk that sits on all 4 legs. I'm an old fan of Alvin and the Chipmunks. I adore this stuffed animal. No I don't have children or grandchildren. I bought it because it is life-like and very cute. Hansa is an excellent brand with life-like characteristics.
This is the cutest set of Peppa Pigs that i've seen. The stitching is great and they look just like they do on the show. My 3 year old was happy to take Peppa and Mommy pig to daycare lol. Thanks!
Who wouldn't love Peter Rabbit?  It's really Peter Rabbit, little blue jacket and all.  Irresistible add-on to baby's first books.
Love this portable toy that keeps the toddler busy!
Cute Monkey  Really cute!
Very nice!  Looks nice sitting on my shelf amongst my Greek god statues and books! Nice quality and fun.
Awesome!  This plush Beast is amazing. I got it for my daughter for Christmas and it is her favorite.  It is made well and hasn't had any issues.  Well worth the money.
So soft, cuddly, and just plain adorable!  Cute, but bigger than expected.  Wanted it for a pocket animal in a quilt I'm making.  No problem, as it is soft and cuddly and will be a great addition to a baby shower gift this Fall.
Lovable monster.  Trilby is a joy to have around.  His furs and fabrics are luxury personified, and he just looks like he needs a hug.  My 4 year old daughter carries him around daily and loves snuggling him at night.  Well done, Manhattan Toy.
... for my sister as a birthday present and she loved it!  Got this for my sister as a birthday present and she loved it!
Bought as a Christmas present, I assume they enjoyed it  Bought this as a Christmas present for a niece that loves Trolls. I assume she enjoys it, I don't really know. I seemed to be good quality and wasn't a cheap rip off product or anything. I have to give it a good score for serving it purpose and being as expected.
Cuddly and cute
My 1 1/2 year old granddaughters love this toy !
My daughter sleeps with it at night thank you
LOVE  Got this for my 3 year old daughter.  She loves Chewbacca!  This toy is amazing.  The roar is awesome. The fur is soft and she loves that it is posable.
Loved it. Very cute  Loved it. Very cute , well made and washable. Nice soft material and my 4m baby girl loved it. The wings make noise when you crunch hem.
JS bunny SUPER BUNNY!!!  JS Bunny helps my youngest players find their notes, review concepts, play new music.  He's constructed to handle lots of tough play and he doesn't fall apart.  He is a great helper.
Huge!  It's great! Much cheaper than the other ones for sale but it's genuine and high quality! It's as tall as my 2.5yr old. She loves it!
Really beautiful in the sunshine  More important, my wife loves it. Really beautiful in the sunshine.
Moonies rejoice !!!   The item is extremely cute and its everything youd expect it to be.
Amazing quality for the price!  Such a great purchase! The quality of this Charichu/Pikazard is amazing. The little charizard hood comes off too, to reveal pikachu's ears. Funny to put on your cat if you got one. Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves it!
Great item.  FUN  I bought this for a the grandson of a friend of mine.  He LOVES it!  Drives his grandparents nuts but it was for his enjoyment that I was hoping.  Great item and a fun toy.
Coastie son loved it. Thank you.
Love it  This stuffed toy is extremely durable. I actually bought it for my husband as a gag gift for last Christmas because of a private joke. He was in the military at the time and on leave. He left it at his mother's in another state during his visit. It got sent back in the mail and it was in perfect shape. This Roo has been stuffed in bags, and boxes. I think it would definitely survive the experience of being a child's toy! Also it is so soft and would definitely make a good snuggle bedtime companion for a child.
For any further clarification, please contact us
Some come big soem come small but you can juggle and kick them indoors. I work on my left footer through the bedroom door.
Nice quality. Nice plush. Kids loved it cause it was so long
Elmo!  What can I say? Its Elmo! Love Elmo.
Rave review  Couldn't have gotten a better looking alligator. Really well done, down to the size differences in the 'scales' on the underside. Highly recommend for any alligator fan.
Very nice  Took awhile to arrive but product was just as described and in great shape!
Awesome Sailor Girl  I love her. She's cute and very fun to play with. The only thing I don't like is that she is small.
Love this.  My daughter has had this for quite a while and she still loves it. Have washed multiple times and she carries almost daily. Still in great condition.
Good Seller and Product  Very cute stuffed toy. My son loves this masked Pikachu. Arrived on time and was exactly as shown.
Made my daughter's day!  My daughter loves this!  And for that price, it just can't be beat!!!!
Great, fun driver headcover.  This was exactly what I expected and I am very satisfied to have received it.
My son cannot get enough of these Little Buddy Plush!
adorable  i just got this today all i have to say is too cute i've owned sevral plushies by ge animation and this one is none the less amazing it even got here two days early of the shipping date so i couldn't have been happy. just a note though the hair macome of the head due to it being a sort of felt if thats the case its best to keep a sewing needle handy but all in al highly recomend to any hetalia fan
:)
My Granddaughter loves it !
its a great product  Its very nice and super soft but usually it has red cheeks not orange cheeks!
great value, excellent backpack  My son loves this backpack & he has no trouble finding it among the other backpacks. I love the lining and great detail given to this backpack.
It was great.
It songs and gallons and the song is not bad.  My daughter loves this pony! It songs and gallons and the song is not bad.
My little girl loved it for her bday  My little girl loved it for her bday. About a foot tall and I would say 8 inch round, she sleeps with it every night because its very soft too.
Super cute and very soft  Super cute and very soft!! Was perfect for my sons Monster birthday party! Would purchase again and again. Good quality materials.
My daughter loves it and sleeps with it everynight.
Great item, my son loves it.
Cute!!  I got this as a gift and the recipient loved it! Holds up well together and is adorable! About the size of a cat.
Plush toy review  Great plush toy! My son loves Mario and this toy was an excellent addition to his collection. I highly recommend this item.
good quality.
My Gramdaugther  Loved it .
Cute doll that helps with coordination  This is a very cute doll. She is adorable and my daughters liked her very much. She has a very cute outfit on. I like that she has different types of fasteners like a button so that children can practice fastening things. It is a fun way to practice and can also keep a very young one busy. I also like that she came with a clip so I can attach her to my stroller. She is also washable in the machine, which for us is very good because undoubtedly someone will spill something on her. She felt soft and durable and of good quality. Most importantly, my kids enjoyed her. I would recommend her.
Great for the price
It is super cute
Perfect Pair to Spread Holiday Cheer  I absolutely love these elves. They are the perfect size. My little girl loves to play with them. When she is not playing with them, I sit them on top of my bar. They add the perfect Christmas flare to my bar. Perfect and I highly recommend them if you enjoy the Christmas Spirit. There clothes are adorable and they faces are sweet.
Great Quality, Awesome CS  The plush had a slight tear, which the Awesome customer service sent me a replacement within 2 Days, other than that, the plush itself was high quality, looked like it'd never been touched before, and seemed very well colored. 10/10.
cuter in person  even cuter in person, kid loves it
It was fun to add this to our collection!
Great little collectible.  This little plush doll is what my wife wanted and she loves it she is happy with this little doll.
My one year old still loves this toy and carries it around with him.
Loved the goofy so did grandson, very pleased.
Cutest Luna plushie available!  This plush of Luna is by far the cutest I've seen on the internet. She is very small, but it really adds to the overall cuteness. The stitching is pretty good and her whiskers are fun to play with. The purple color is beautiful and the fur is nice and soft. Artemis should be arriving soon! Would recommend to any Sailor Moon or cat plush fan out there.
Awesome tool  This pry bar is so light that it almost feels fake until you start using it.  Then you have no doubt what the capabilities are.  Excellent craftsmanship.  I would recommend this to anyone.
Super cute! Great buy to add to my kids collection
Love! Love! Love!  I just adore this plush! The pattern is adorable and the fabric is SO soft! I'm sorry it was discontinued, this is the perfect addition to any baby girls nursery or bedroom.
i bought it for me niece who is almost 2 and is just crazy over buckles and i know she will love it! my son loves it and he is .  this is way to cute, i bought it for me niece who is almost 2 and is just crazy over buckles and i know she will love it! my son loves it and he is 4 kinda pricy though in my opinion! but very good quality
Great Disney Plush Character  I was so EXCITED and PLEASED to receive this item!  I have been looking everywhere for this plush toy.  I was on vacation a couple of months ago at Walt Disney World and they were sold out of this item at all parks.  I also looked at local Disney stores and JC Penny stores in their Disney departments and they could never keep this item on their shelves.  So I decided to look online and I was so thrilled to be able to order this item.  It looks wonderful.  The item was packaged neatly and arrived several weeks earlier than scheduled.
Bird  My 5yo collects these.  We love them!  They are high quality and have a nice loud call.  Soft and cuddly.
Requested by granddaughter  In addition to Rapunzel my granddaughter requested Pascal.  When she saw him/her/it she said "Oh Pascal I love you."  She then went into her room to play with Rapunzel and Pascal for an hour and a half.
Excellent
Would Recommend!  Wonderful! Came so quickly, love it! Getting as a gift for my friend, be warned it is small, but its so cute!
Angry Chewbacca  My son was so happy to unwrap for Christmas his Chewbacca Angry B!rds plush. You all did a great job in packaging and sending on time before Christmas. You help made Christmas better more this family and I'm sure 100's of others. Thank you!
Love, Love, Love  these little doggies are my kid's fave toys.  My little guy walks around holding one of these in brown and in blue wherever he goes and my older one has the brown one in a little larger.  They are adorable and cozy.  The bark function takes a little bit of strength, but that's ok, because i didn't buy it for its barking.  They wash well also.  I now buy them as baby gifts all the time!
Great Gift  New in a sealed plastic bag for the perfect gift.
The Cimpanion Cube  I love the game Portal and Portal 2 and seeing a Companion Cube Plushie I knew I had to buy it.
BEST BULBASAUR PLUSH EVER  This is the PERFECT Bulbasaur plush! I got it and was filled with nostalgic joy, as Bulbasaur was my first Pokemon (from Pokemon Red). I love to hold it and play with it. It's SO soft and just TOO adorable!
A perfect newborn gift  SO cute and cuddly!! A perfect newborn gift!
Good product, excellent seller
It came two days late  I love the plush but it came two days late
Great addition to the collection  Son loves it!!!  Great addition to the collection!
Gloworm  Easy for my one year old nephew to turn on and off. He loves the music.
cute  My son loves this. Its well made and cute
Great  Great!
It is awesome, plain and simple  I don't normally write reviews, but this product deserves a review.  It is awesome, plain and simple.  A perfect example of the superior rabbit species.  10/10, A+++.
Pokemon Plush Lapars Doll Around 15cm 6"  The doll was a  Christmas request for a grandchild and it fulfilled her all her wishes . It arrived on time and in good order. Thank you.
A mate for my conures  This is the perfect size for my two conures. When one needs to go to the vet for a check up.. The toy keeps the other company. Colors are prefect, the has no lose parts.
I got this for my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it.
My 11 year old loves this, sleeps with it everynight!!!
AWESOME PLUSHIE!  Really good Bowser Jr.! Soft, fluffy, and pretty detailed. It also came very quickly. 5 stars!
My son loved it. It says about 7 different phrases
Adorable unfortunate it is scarce  I can't believe this sucker is our friend what an adorable hat so glad I got it before it became extinct love the hat very very much Japan was not that long for shipping and it was free shipping
Large ender dragon  High quality. Very large. My daughter loved it!
too too cute!  Bought Asuna and Kirito for my little brother as a late Christmas gift, he is soooo obsessed with the show, I figured, why not?! And he LOVES them!!! (copies and pastes same comment to Asuna plush)
great
My son loves it!
Looks just like the one on the movie  My kid loves it! Looks just like the one on the movie!
So cute
My 6yo loves it!
A boys best friend  My grandson loves this bunny. It has held up through numerous washings, and is with my grandson 24/7. We lost the original when he was 2 1/2 years old and have had to replace it. We also keep a spare because he won't sleep without it
My granddaughter LOVE IT!!!  It was perfect
really soft!  Absoluty loved them! They are a gift for my 2 year olds birthday and i am sure she will love them they are so soft. Takes a while to get here but totaly worth it!
good for any occasion and any age  I got this way earlier then expected and it's so adorable my boyfriend will fall in love this as a valintines gift
A must have for little Frozen fans!
Really cute alpaca!  I bought this for my 3yo niece for her rainbow themed birthday and she absolutely loved it.  She carried it around everywhere and took it to bed with her and named it Freddie the Alpaca.  The alpaca itself is really soft and seems well made.  Highly recommend it as a gift or just for yourself!
Waluigi  Wah
made great xmas gift. they loved it
Very nice and well-made.  The plush is inexpensive, cute, accurate, and very soft.  I'd recommend it to all Meowstic and/or Pokemon fans.
I love all the Pusheen items  I love all the Pusheen items.  A big thanks to Amazon for carrying them at a slightly lower cost than the actual website. I buy them for my sister and occasionally for me.  Good quality and it's officially licensed by Gund.
As the Dr says, every transaction is important and Amazon did a great job  The truth is I am disappointed in the Tardis.  I have not been able to open the door, go inside or meet the Doctor!  Other than that, the entire transaction was fab.  And a Dalek is probably in the near future!
Great shower gift.  Very soft
I'll buy again
PERFECT!  I bought this for my boyfriend's birthday, it's his favorite pokemon and he LOVES it. It's just about 12" and the fabric is super soft and it's perfectly cuddleable. And for the price the stickers were a plus!
great a must buy  great my son loves it
Very realistic.
cuts very well on cardstock.
... this as a gift and the individuals were so pleased!  We gave this as a gift and the individuals were so pleased!
Perfect gift  This was a perfect gift for my son quick and easy no hassle love it.
Very soft and cuddly too cute.
My Son Loved it!  Very Cute! My Son Loved it!!
Perfect  Sounds like Jim parsons, perfect size, received on time, and my daughter loves it! 5 stars!
Big hit for Xmas  My 2 year old nephew loves this toy.  He calls it his "lion", but he'll learn in time, he's just a youngling.
my kids love it
Its cute!!  Buy it
A remarkable product  Exactly as described, and arrived a month before it said it would!  Got a kid? Got an inner child in there who loves FROZEN? Get this little guy!
The best!
I bought this for my 16 month old nephew who loved Barney. He carries it around with him saying "Barn" since he can't pronounce it yet.
Baby loves it
Kirby Plush Awesome  This Kirby Plush is Awesome. It is made well. The size is just right. It is soft and durable. I would buy it again. It looks just like the Kirby on the show.
Bought for my brother and now he happily sleeps with it.
cuteness!  It's super cute and fun! And makes a great lens cleaner
Cute as a button!!
There's nothing like a soft and cuddly Pooh bear if you are a kid.  Purchased to replace a Pooh which was inadvertently lost, this bear has become the go-to stuffed animal when just an extra squeeze is needed.  Our granddaughter told me she was planning to give Pooh to her child (when she has one) when they are sick. There's just something magical about this bear.
The receiver loved it !
A+  A+
My nieces loved the unicorn.
Great gift!  Hilarious gift for my friend who had gall bladder surgery. She was a little down, had a rough time in the hospital, so I ordered this goofy plush toy for her.  when she got home, the ups man arrived with it as she was getting out of the car.  Perfect timing. She loved it. She had complained on the phone to me that her roommate got a teddy bear and she didn't. this was soooo much better than a teddy bear, even if I couldn't get it delivered to the hospital.
great dcor for kids room
Perfect stocking stuffer!
cute  what you see is what you get and is just as adorable. its exactly like the picture so expect no surprises
Flame Princess  I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. I am gonna buy all the adventure time plush toys soon.
cute looks as expected
I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!!!!I hope you can sell more vocaloid plushies like these!!!:)
You are Being Watched....  Secret Agent Ice Bat is a valuable member of Team Machine. Who else would keep Root company in the Subway when it's cold? Technically she has the extra long 26 inch cuddly version, but any version of the Secret Agent Ice Bat should be a welcome member of any house where people love Person of Interest. <3
kids love um
Interactive Elmo is a great toy  My 18 month old granddaughter loves Elmo and as soon as we took it out of the box, she walked around hugging the toy.  Imagine her surprise when she realized he talked (just like on TV Sesame Street show), giggled and sang.  She's still at age where an adult or older child needs to assist her with the hat changes, etc. but it holds her interest.  Some reviewers complained about packaging...but ours came in a manufacturer's box making it perfect for gift giving.
Don't dry this! It washed fine but I threw it in the dryer & now it looks like a sheep dog! My fault! Very cute!
This stuffed Wookie instantly became my son's favorite.  We've fondly named him Mol.
Great toy  Very well made and velvety. My son is rough on toys and after 2 months of carrying it around, it is in great shzpe. He loves it. Good carrying size. Would buy again.
Pretty Realistic! Recommend buying this!  I'm soo happy that my girlfriend loved it! When she opened my present, she was speechless and she suddenly hugged me! She really thought it was a real puppy! Overall, 5 stars from me! Thanks.
Adorable!  We got Bing Bong, Sadness, and Joy for our 4 year old, and he absolutely loves them. They're excellent quality and just so darn cute! Absolutely no complaints about Bing Bong.
Super cute for all Pete the Cat lovers. My 3 year old grandchildren giggle and wiggle with this puppet
so cute! my granddaughter loves the movie, I got her some of the figurines to go with it and she was so happy. My sons loved the movie when they were kids and asked me why I never got them the plush toys and figurines; they didn't make them 20 years ago!!
Any fan of Portal would love this!  When I got mine, it was bigger than I expected, and it was really sturdy and "cuddle able". You could practically feel the love in each stitch. The delivery was really fast and packaged well. This will be a great gift for any portal fan because it is a blast from the past and they can take it just about anywhere because of its compact size.
SUPER CUTE  My 22 month old son is just starting to really like Elmo. I bought this for him and I am glad I did. It's Gund, so it is super soft and floppy. Its the perfect size to just fit under his arm when he's carrying him. I'm glad I chose this Elmo! My son is cuddling with him right now while he's napping.
Grandchild Happy  My granddaughter is happy . She had this item on her list. It is attractive, colorful, nice and soft  to hold
sooo cute
And he looks so real and is made of a great quality because my daughter is really rough on  My daughter loves him and takes him everywhere we go! And he looks so real and is made of a great quality because my daughter is really rough on toys
Excelent little armadillo  I recently ordered this little plush armadillo and im very pleased with it. the shipping was very speedy. it arrived sooner than the estimated arrival date. this little guy is very well crafted and realistic. he was definately worth the price. thank you Nancy for the great service and i hope to do more business with you in the future
Fun, fun!  Lots of fun!  Simple to learn, surprisingly devious.
Nice
Perfect
My son i like too much
Nice toy and fun for children  Again my grandson who is 8 loved this toy.  He immediately sat down and started drawing pictures of it.  This Pokmon is a fun one since you can bend it into different positions.
Awesome.  Excellent! So cute.
Great size, not to big, not to small. Made our grandchild very happy.
Perfect for a friend who likes cute stuffed animals and sushi. Great quality and looks exactly like the picture
This was a gift for my daughter and she loved it from the moment she saw it  This was a gift for my daughter and she loved it from the moment she saw it.  The overall quality is great and love every detail about it.
Grandson Loves them  Our 2 1/2 Grandson had really gotten into Star Wars (could be worse) so we started collecting these plush toys for him and really enjoys them.
My grandson loved him!
great quality doll  This is a great quality doll that any child will enjoy sleeping with or carrying around. Great addition to my daughters plush doll group. Highly recommend.
Received it as a gift! Very cute and accurate to the images!
Granddaughter loves it!  My 22 month old granddaughter loves to open and close buckles, zippers etc, so I bought this toy to have at my house for when she visits.  Well, she loved it so much that I got weak (again...) and let her take it home. So, it looks like I will be purchasing another buckle toy that WILL stay at my house!  The fabric is soft and bright and it's a well constructed product.
high quality  High quality, very nice
Really nice and is he is so cute!
Exactly as described!
He was smaller than i thought but im perfectly fine with it  Very cute and cuddly! He has a cute grumpy look on his face and makes the cutest noises ever! He was smaller than i thought but im perfectly fine with it. I Love Him!
Very good size - my kids will be thrilled
Big Hit for Tweens who loved the movie!  We all pitched in and bought the take apart, talking Olaf for our Tweens and Teen neighbor, who was the most creative when playing with Olaf.  Poor Olaf survived fake fights, flights and frights.  Lots of laughter and shouting completely stopped all gift-giving for about 20 minutes.  He's still going strong with all his parts intact despite having to dodge the family dog now, too!
A must have for Naruto fans!  This is super adorable and the quality was a ton better than I expected! I will be storing my tips in here from now on. I am a huge Naruto fan and this makes me super happy! It delivered SUPER fast, like it got to me over a week earlier then the expected delivery date! The price is awesome too! 
My niece loves it. Nice, soft and cuddly.  My niece loves it. Nice, soft and cuddly.
Cute and adorable  Such beautiful and cute elves. Worth every penny and Kids love it.  They are stuffed and high quality fabric which means you can get creative how you place them- they can kneel, cross leg, lean on the wall etc........ endless possibilities when your little one sees them in the morning. As an adult, I was excited because I could get creative how to place them
My 1 year old loved this toy  My 1 year old loved this toy!! We bought it to keep her occupied on a plane ride and she still loves putting the buckles together.
Love it  this was a huge hit with my daughter.  she was so tickled pink.  now about the dog.  it is in almost a "sitting" position... so it seems small, but looks exactly as pictured.  the ears have a "stiffness" to them, from whatever holds the ear shape, but it remains flexible enough, that my daughter sleeps with this puppy every night.  the nose is plastic.  the tongue is mad of the same material as the puppy itself.  it's a win, win, for blues fans! especially when these items are so hard to find.
Happy Nephew  My nephew was so happy!
well received
Great quality! Adorable
Kevin  Just as adorable as online!
It's a stuft animal.. Well constructed, but not much else to say about it
Nice quality I've washed these in the washing machine and they've held up perfectly!!  Brand name product!!!
lots of fun for my  Justa as described, lots of fun for my child
Good simple gift  Cute! Doesn't do much but it's very cute.
Cute gift for Shaun the Sheep fan  Shaun the Sheep has become one of our 5-year-old's favorite stuffed animals. (He's obsessed with the TV series.) Weirdly, it came with a suction cup on a string attached to it (not mentioned in the product description), but that was easy to snip off with scissors. The toy is soft and cute and captures Shaun's deadpan, wide-eyed stare perfectly; the other reviewer who complained that it looked wrong must have received something different. My only complaint would be that the limbs look weakly attached; it gives Shaun a nice floppy look, but his legs might not stay on much longer the way our kid likes to fling him around. All in all, it's a fine toy for the price. It ships from China, so you'll need to allow several weeks for shipping.
Great value!  This plush toy is bigger than I expected! We bought it prior to going to Disneyland to avoid paying crazy prices and I expected it to be a little lower quality than the Disney store stuffed animals. Nope! I couldn't tell the difference at all between this and the Minnie Mouse dolls in Disneyland.
Huge super soft minecraft spider!  Yes!  My son loves his spider, it is so soft and much bigger than the picture describes.  He is a Minecraft fanatic so this was a fun present to buy him for his birthday.
Everyone squeal "KAWAIIIIIIIII"  Not much I can say about an item like this, except it's simply adorable. Even cuter than you can tell from the photo, I just love this.
Perfect for my Ariel obsessed 2 year old  Perfect for my Ariel obsessed 2 year old, she can snuggle this one in her bed vs the plastic ones the store sells
Great for our granddaughter who is obsessed with Minnie .
Cheap and awesome
well made and soft, child who received loves it.
Quality  Awesome awesome Pokmon plush
... a baby shower gift for a couple that both love to fish  This was a baby shower gift for a couple that both love to fish.  It was perfect!!
Adorable plush!!  Sooo cute!!
perfect
Such a cute doll for the appropriate occasion
Bizzy keeps her busy  19-month-old daughter LOVES it! Keeps her occupied for a good while. She can't unbuckle yet, but when she's able to, hopefully it'll keep her busy even longer.
So cute!!!  Actual size as organism (haha, not really)!  Great gift for research scientist.  As a scientist, I love the stuffed giant microbes.  I purchased this one for a friend for completing her PhD because she worked on C. elegans and she really liked it.  It's really cute and a fun gift.
Absolutely adorable!  I just received my espurr today in the mail, surprisingly before the shipment date. I was incredibly excited to unwrap the package and then fell into a bit of disappointment that he was small since I expected him to be a large plush. But overall he's an adorable soft plush and looks exactly like the image above. :)
godzilla slippers  love them fits great
So cute!
Great price, and awesome toy for kids.  Kids love it, and the app is a great free addition that makes the toy even more fun for them.
Loved the little guy, just disappointed the package was opened.
I Love George!!  Great Plush.  My wife loved this character since she first saw it in the movie,  Now that it is avail, I bought for her and she is deligthed with the detail, it even comes with the sox that triggers the squad to shave off his hear :)
Not too loud, great little glowbug  Many people complain how the songs loop over & over (for almost 10 minutes worth) but I don't see that as a problem with this toy. It's meant to relax & the music is gentle, simple piano sounding. My toddler got it as a Christmas present over a year & a half ago & some of the paint has worn off the face & the light doesn't always turn on, but it's in the bed, every night & at nap-time. I really like this glow worm & if you need a means to relax your baby I think it's well worth the price. It may be habit forming but my toddler can sleep without it. I find I'm the one reaching for it because I really like it too.
My granddaughter loved it!  Exactly what she wanted.
Kamek is the best!  Kamek is one of my favorite characters from the mario games. I've seen this plush around the inter net.. but didn't know if it was for me. I found one off ebay for $8. And I love it!
My niece's 4-year old boy simply loves it!
Our beautiful son loves it  Our beautiful son loves it.  Super quality and very soft.  He has them proudly displayed on his bed amongst his other treasures!
So cute! Pajamas are sewn on at the back (thank god, or they would have vanished long ago) and is holding up well under typical toddler abuse.
These are so fun. We used these as party favors for my daughter's 10 birthday party. The girls loved them, I even kept one for me.
Awesome toy!
Great gift!  I bought this for a student who was about to have surgery. This same student studied Einstein earlier this year. His face when he pulled it out was priceless!
For the "Big Jet" lover in your household!  Looking for a reasonable approximation of "Big Jet" from the now-defunct "The Little Einsteins" TV show? Look no further. My son loves this stuffed jet and sleeps with it every night. So happy to have found it on Amazon!
My granddaughter loves it!  This stuffed toy is made well and my granddaughter takes him everywhere. I am very satisfied with this product and it was received in a timely manner.
Nephew so excited, won't let go.
Love him  He is the real deal - no rip offs that I got through eBay once. My sons adore him, and we're excited to add him to their Mario plush collection. He looks very well made.
so this seemed like a natural fit  Our little one started to show interest in the buckles on her car seat, so this seemed like a natural fit. Within 3 minutes of opening the box, it was one of her favorite toys and she now spends a significant portion of her play time working out the different fasteners. One interesting side effect is that she now unbuckles her cousin's car seat when she comes over for play dates.
Soft big. Cute.
MY SON LOVE IT  My son is really happy with this gift.
Love it
Absolutely loved it!  Coolest alligator ever, thanks so much for offering it.
Excellent! My twins are happy!
Great quality and detail  we bought this for our 2 year old for Christmas and she loves him. We looked at quite a few Olafs before we decided on this one. They quality and detail are very good. He is a nice size. He is pricier than a number of other ones we looked at but I think the quality is worth it.  Was at a regular retailer this weekend and saw the much larger but less expensive Olaf doll. It was not nearly the quality and detail of this one. I am very glad we paid up for this version. And of course my daughter is still in love with him!
Love  Nice no scarf was included
Cute baby doll!  This was a nice gift for our daughter!
We protected our brains  Awesome my son loves them.  It comes with a suction cup to hang them up with I find it in random places all over the house.  Good fun.
Great seller and product  Fast shipping and great price. His face was priceless when we opened the package. :) I can't wait to put this on my son's wall.
Tiny, but cute. My son loves it
Brightens up my room  Easily best decoration I have in my room. Very soft, and I love that he looks just like the plush you see in fnaf 4.
fast shipping  Fast shipping came exactly as pictured
Perfect for the reptile fan of any age  Very lifelike!  Perfect for the reptile fan of any age!
No complaints came fast and was clean.
Awesome
Adorable!...I bough it as a gift for grandma and she loves it!
Nice size and quality  Hes the perfect little addition to our Pokmon stuffed animal collection!
a must buy for the little princess....  My neice loved this. She was so excited when she recieved this.... i hope your lil one enjoys it as much as she does....
Nicely made doll  Exactly what we were looking for with plenty of motor skill items for little fingers to manipulate. Nicely made doll. Would definitely recommend.
He is to I already have Larry and bowser jr
VERY SMALL  It is really small I could only fit two pens two pencil top erasers two pencils but it was cute
Made very well
Love Olaf & this is a well made toy!  Olaf is my favorite character from Frozen. It's a quality toy and I have it sitting on my bed.
but that's a good thing. Feels pretty quality-made  Was way bigger than I was expecting, but that's a good thing. Feels pretty quality-made.
... a present and the person who got it really loved it.  I bought it as a present and the person who got it really loved it.
looks almost exactly like the picture  Very cute, looks almost exactly like the picture. It's a nice size for the price and shipping was fairly fast. The sound is okay, he makes around 4 different noises total. Overall it is a nice BB-8 plush to have.
Looks great. Just what I wanted
This item was perfect!!!!!!!  I love the Charlie Brown plush.  My daughter is a teacher and was devastated when someone took all of her Kohls cares plush items that she had on display in her classroom.  It has been hard to find replacements that were in new condition with the tags attached.  This Charlie Brown was perfect - it was a real pleasure to see how happy it made her.
Very good product
Cute
She will love it!  This is for a granddaughter whose family had Springer. She will love it!!
Love it!!  My 8 month old daughter loves this bunny! It's so soft. Good quality!
Wonderful service.  My grandson loves this. Wonderful service.
Exactly what we were looking for!
The sound is great and accurate  The sound is great and accurate, I just wish that it matched up with the Sprout version of clangers that have pink fingers instead of string claws!
Picka picka
Nice plush Sanai Sanai 10.5 character  These characters are loved by those who enjoy the games.  Excellent quality plush items that are nicely constructed.  Thanks Amazon for the nice selection.
Cool  My boy is very happy with all his angry birds collections. I like the prize of this one. Very affordable.
?  The little girl I gave it to just loved it, the only thing is that I thought it was a little small.
A+ Great product. Great customer service. Thank you for the free Snoopy! Unexpected bonus!
Love it  This no-face is super cute and came in perfect condition. There is a stiff piece inside the bottom to allow it to stand. I'm not sure whether that piece is cardboard or plastic, but I don't plan to wash this, so I don't mind. I ordered two and gave one as a gift, and it was well-received.
Awesome even with a tacked tail  The tail in the picture looks as though it stands out on it's own but the tail is actually tacked (with a single stitch) to the back of the head.  I didn't bother trying to remove it for fear it might create a hole, but also the tail is thin enough that it really can't stand on it's own anyways. Also, in case it matters to anyone- the 2 paws are tacked to the belly as well (my toddler loves sticking her fingers through his 'arms' though to hold him). I was pleasantly surprised to find it is VERY well made, and we are extremely happy with it.  (He's already been taken everywhere so in the pictures he is a little dirty)
Great Item  If I had to be disappointed it would be with the size. But I read the reviews and still bought this and love it!! Fast Shipping!!!
Good quality, exactly what I expected  Matches my Yoshi stuffed animal perfectly! The stuffed animals are our cheering section for Mario Kart Races. Great time! It's a winner.
It was perfect
adorable !!  for the going away to school college kid !!
Very cute, great gift.  I've bought this horse three times for gifts.  It's SUPER adorable, floppy legs that you can play with and a comb-over haircut.  He also stands on his own if you position him just right; it's roughly 8" in size, I'd guess.  I don't think they make this guy any more (he's not on the manufacturer's website).  The lucky paw on the Brown horse is super adorable, too, and not on the other colors of the horse (like the pink one I've also purchased)
Great for kids!  This was an excellent present for my daughter! She loved the Pixels movie and this plush was perfect.  Soft, fuzzy and the right size for cuddling with in bed.
Love it~!  I choose this rating because how much my friend loved it! The only thing I wish is that there was other England Plushies! Other than that, so worth getting!
Son loved it
Really adorable!
as advertised. thanks
Small and cute!  She's smaller than I expected, but she's so adorable!
Keeping tiny hands busy!  My grandson absolutely loves this!
Awesome selller..wish u got more  Awsome shipment good selller.
I LOVE it!!!!  It took a while for my "Grwolie" to get here but I was very proud, and happy to get him! He's super adorable and cuddly. But when I got him his back was a tad dirty, and he has loose strings (Easily fixable by cutting the loose strings off)
So cute - new mascot for my music studio
Perfect size super cute love it
Excellent
got it for my 16 year old daughter for Christmas, she is a huge Chewbacca fan, She loves it.
Elmos rocks and price was great!!!
It is nice to have a variety of embellishments to practice with  I bought his as a gift and it was well received. It is nice to have a variety of embellishments to practice with.
Awesome  I love these and my son does too. They are very cute and when pulled back they go very fast. Lots of fun around the house. I ended buying a second set for my nephew.
My grandson loves it! Sleeps with the Llama every night.
Very nice.
Adourable!
Amazing detail  So worth the price for any fan.
Great product thank you
Perfect
Awesome and very much loved!
Cute and is holding together well  My little boy who has autism loves this doll.  We've sung the song for him every night for years, and it is standing up well to daily use.
so cute  for Christmas
Great Pikachu  No cheap material here.  My son carries it everywhere.  Absolutely loves it.
Wonderful  It's so cute! It's my favorite Pokmon,  and it's going to add to my cosplay of a Pokmon trainer costume for the con coming up. It was a little brighter than I expected, but it still looks great
cute
Awesome!  I was supposed to get it February 23rd but I got it today February 5th! Its so cute and the price is a lot better then paying $40. Definetly worth the wait.
Very cute
Exceeded my expectations  I bought this last month for my 2 year old son who loves Superman.  He takes it with him everywhere and it is holding up well.  I have washed it twice in cold water on the normal cycle and it came out good as new!  I will probably buy him another one as a backup.
My son absolutely loves it and goes with it everwhere )))
Plush Bullseye.  It took me forever to find a bullseye that is under $50 most stores don't have them anymore around here.  I went ahead and bought 2 for my girls. They been playing with it since it came in the mail today :) I love how it's a plush bullseye but they can still let Jessie ( doll ) ride on it. I also like how it feel's it's really soft :()
Another Awesome Giant Microbe!  Perfect gift because who doesn't want a little HPV for the holidays? You know you do. The recipient loved it.
Look at this guy  Ordered Pooh for our great grandson. Will update this review when he arrives. I love him.
Great for Toddlers!  This toy is wonderful for my toddler!  He really likes snapping the buckle on his high chair, so I thought this would be perfect.  He absolutely loves playing with the buckles, matching them up, and buckling them, and it keeps him occupied for quite a while!
Item as described and the grand daughter loves them.  Item as described and the grand daughter loves them. Comes with the six normal ponies (Shutterfly, Pinky Pie, Rainbow dash, Apple Jack, Twilight sparkle and rarity). I'm not an expert but I believe they all have the correct pony marks as well. hey all seem to be well made and should last at least as long as she will stay in her Pony phase (Frozen toys are already being recycled...).
Soft, Cuddly  Purchased for my 10 month old daughter to "give" to my Star Wars fan husband. It is adorable in person and soft.
They are quality made & a fun alternative to your regular stuffed animal  The vamzomke is the 7th Vamplet added to our family. They are quality made & a fun alternative to your regular stuffed animal. My daughter loves them! (I highly recommend the werewolf siblings, Howliss & Feraline, for a terrifying good time!)
ok
Would recommend for anyone, really cute whether you like PvZ or not.
My grandson Loves it!!!
Great toy. She loves it.
Great item, great condition
superior all-around router  This is the third router I've purchased, and about the sixth I've seriously used, and it is an excellent tool.  It has plenty of power, and is still light and agile enough to make it the first router I try to use for every project.  I bought it in part to replace a 1.5 hp router I had given away, and I can't tell that it weighs any more than the 1.5 hp model.  It is a bit bigger around, and is at the limits of what I can "one-hand."  I have owned this router for about 3 years and it shows no significant signs of wear.  I made the mistake of leaving it out in an unheated garage one winter and the motor body oxidized, making the depth adjustment unbearably stiff.  I buffed it with steel wool and the depth adjustment again worked smoothly until it reoxidized (apparently ther is a coating on the original motor housing). I repeated the steel wool treatment followed it by a wiping of clear shellac and so far so good. Despite my mucking around, I've never had any perceptible problem with the motor being off-center in the base.  I found the trigger lock button too short to make it ergonomically useful, so I replaced the plastic button with a slightly longer machine screw the head of which I turned down in a drill press.  I bought this because I really wanted to try a D-handle router, and if this is your object I'm confident you won't be disappointed.  My only regret is that it did not come in a kit with a plunge base as the 1617 does. In fact, if I were just breaking into woodworking and wanted to buy only one router to fulfill all of my forseeable wants I would get the 1617 with the fixed and the plunge bases; it is simply too cost effective to pass over.
Perfect. Came quickly and exactly as described  Perfect.  Came quickly and exactly as described!
very big...good
Kid loves it
Son loves it!!  This Pichu arrived looking exactly like the picture. The quality seems good. Doesn't have any holes or loose strings. Did notice some of the white thread used visible on Pichu's face though. This was purchased for my son who loves it and doesn't seem to mind the visible string. It's a good addition to any Pokemon stuffed animal collection.
My nephew seems to love it!  He is eight.
This was a surprise gift for my little one. It's true to size. Do not expect a large Mario Cat. My daughter loves her Mario Cat!!! I would buy it again if I needed to. Seller shipped my packaged quickly and two days later I had my package!
Received this for Christmas and I'm in love.  Perfect size to cuddle love my wookie!
thanks
poke plushie espeon review  i'm very happy to have gotten this plushie, i've looked for a long time for it, and i'm ecstatic to finally have it. thanks toywiz!
for kallie rae  this is for my grandbaby/ she is due june. we are very excited to have a new baby in thefamily. this was a awersome toy for her
It got here in time and looked just like the picture  Got for my little brothers homecoming proposal to his girlfriend. It got here in time and looked just like the picture. Perfect size as well!
This is so cool.  This actually has joints to it and you can position it and it stays however you want it.  Very pleased with this purchase.
Kawaii XD  So cute, love the colors, and it is soft to boot~ it is so small but will stay standing on it's own.
Boo  Gave this to my wife as a stocking stuffer after she saw the real Boo on TV - She loves her Boo and made lots of points for me
My grandson has had alot of fun with his stretchkin s
Soft, huggable and doesn't make annoying sounds  It's been surprisingly hard to find an Elmo plushy in retail stores that isn't animatronic or has annoying sounds coming from it. We bought this for our 15-month-old before a long road trip, and he was very excited to have a carseat companion. It's very soft and just the right size for him to wrap his arms around it. The only downside is when he throws it out of his crib, the hard plastic eyeballs smack the wood floors and make a really loud sound. I think that may be one of the reasons he throws it out - just to hear that sound :)
Fun stuffed corgi  I bought this for my newborn and he loves feeling its fuzzy fur.  Plus it looks just like our dog, Abby! Great quality stuffed animal, very cute.
My 18mo granddaughter really likes Elmo, and this is just the right size for her to carry around.
Perfect Size and quality made.  Durable and very well made, it's pretty much the best Stitch toy your going to find out there. Size plushness ability for say a 2 year old to hold and love and take everywhere is perfect.
MY LITTLE ONE LOVE THESE!
Fabulous  These Pook-a-Looz arrived perfectly and are just the cutest things! It was a great deal too!  Love them!  I would definitely recommend for collectors or children.
Great buy  This was a gift for our granddaughter. She absolutely loved it. Perfect size, not too small or large and vivid colors. Just what she requested. Very pleased.
Plants vs. Zombies plush  My son was pleasantly pleased with this plush.
Came before the date it said it come. It was just as it seemed and all the stitching was well done. My 8 year old son LOVES it.
Prefect littletoy
Very nice for the Christmas tree!
Huge Frozen Fans!  My daugher loves this doll. Although it is priced a little high, it was worth it to see the look on my littles face when we gave it to her :)
Great buy  My daughter loves it she got it for her birthday and uses it of art supplies and it works great
My toddler (19 months) LOVES this toy.  I noticed my toddler's interest in wanting to buckle the car seat repeatedly.  I went to search for a toy I had as a kid - the one with the zipper, snap, buckle, Velcro, and laces.  I found Buckle toy instead and I was so excited.  Upon ordering Buster, I was informed that he would be shipped about 4 days after I ordered.  Much to my pleasant surprise, he shipped early and came 2 days after ordering!!!!  My only hope was that my toddler would be as excited as me about Buster.  My toddler LOVES him.
aw man you cannot go wrong with this hat!! the song it plays is so fun!  I'll be wearing this for Halloween and a cruise this year!
Very cute!  This guy is adorable and bigger than we were expecting.  Makes a great gift for any kid or kid at heart.
Nice quality Charmander and it is super soft  Bought for my brother. He loves it. Nice quality Charmander and it is super soft.
Very cute!
They loved it!
Love it
Great Granddaughter very Happy  Great Granddaughter loved it. This is her 1st Monkey.  Nicely made, soft and cuddly.
AKA Mr. Buckles continues to appear outside my daughters toy box  AKA Mr. Buckles continues to appear outside my daughters toy box :)  She has not shown any disinterest even after a few months.  With that said this purchase has been solid.  Mr. Buckles is holding up real well and showing no signs of wear.  Than again for $20 bucks it better be holding up well.  Theres not much too it but a tiny little pillow surrounded by some cheap plastic buckles.  But my daughter loves it and thats all Daddys cares about :)
Excellent!! Great shape and bigger than I thought it would be! Thanks so much!
Good purchase!  I ordered this for my buckle-obsessed toddler in an effort to keep him occupied during an international flight. It worked! He loves playing with it and I think he will enjoy it for a while!
Ice Bat Will Warm Your Heart  Ugly?  I don't think so.  Ice Bat is cuddly cute.  He's made of soft cloth and obviously stitched together with love.  I was a bit afraid that the seemingly crude stitching would fall apart fast, but after a few months of sometimes rigorous play, Ice Bat shows no signs of wear.  Children of all ages will be charmed by his "unique" looks.
Amazing item  Very good quality, accurate as can be, my girlfriend loves it.  Didn't come with the badge like it says, but thats okay.  Sets of badges are pretty cheap i guess.
Perfect for the minecraft lover!  Big and soft. Great quality. My daughter loves it!
Love  Took so long but they are adorable :) great quality More words more words more words more words more words
Excellent  Awesome
Perfect for birthday party grab bag gifts
... have if your kid likes Inside out and a great price for all of them  Must have if your kid likes Inside out and a great price for all of them!
Totally adorable and came in right on time  Totally adorable and came in right on time. Smaller than I thought it was going to be, but still cute.
Excellent quality perfect 4 any minecraft player my 6 yr old Luvs it
I was so thrilled to find how great these emojis were! You won't be disappointed!
Cute, just as described.
My daughter loves it
beautiful details  This doll is going to be a present for my two year old daughter. It arrived a few days ago, and I am impressed with the details of this doll.  It's beautiful, and I think my daughter is going to love it!
Perfect on my shelf.  Because looks my temper. Always make acid comments of everything. I liked because Family Guy cartoon is very good indeed. It's not very commom in Brazil because it's not for children. Just for adult humor.
So cute!
The buckle toy is genius! Kept my toddler busy on a long flight!
My 2-year-old love love loves this Peppa pig toy  My 2-year-old love love loves this Peppa pig toy! It has beans in the butt to help it sit upright, and the rest is plush. Not very big, but perfect size for my little one to hug and hold. She even takes it to bed with her.
Breat, gighly recommend  Breat, gighly recommend
very cute
My granddaughter loves it
Cute but  are small  They are cute! Just small
Super cute plush, perfect for any monsters inc fan  I bought this as a gift for my brothers GF who is a huge monsters inc fan.  She loved it and I was even tempted to buy one for myself.  The little sock on the back was a nice touch as well.  Glad I was able to find this on Amazon since the disney stores did not have this plus available anywhere I looked.
It is very soft, and a must have for any collector.
I like this a lot
Love this toy for our almost 2 year old!  Cora is a perfect toy for my 22 month old. She was easy to set up through the software to say my child's name, play her favorite songs, colors, and more. She's soft, cuddly, huggable, and durable, which is always a plus with having a toddler. My toddler enjoys playing with her and listens to all of her wonderful music. This is a toy my child won't outgrow right away, it will grow with her which is great. My 5 year old even enjoys this toy.  I give it two thumbs up! I received this product for review from VTech, and all opinions are my own. Read a more detailed review here: [...]
Lovely and cute!!!
Great for Plants Vs Zombies fans!  My boys loved these Plants vs Zombies plush.  We will be having a birthday party for my 8 year old and will be using these to place around the house as decoration.  They are a good size to place around in lots of different places.  Each of them has a suction cup for hanging but they didn't stick very well.  I would recommend these to any Plants vs Zombies fans.
Arrived as promised
This is soft with no plastic parts.  A big hit!
Perfect for a backpack
My 3 year old nephew loved it!
Plush Toy  Grandson loved adding these to his stuffed toy collection! Great gift!
Perfect!  So adorable, my 3yo daughter is thrilled to carry her new friend Fennekin everywhere she goes.
Great  Baby laughs at it everytime he sees it
Very cute  My LO loves this thing.  Who doesn't love Domo.  When she was little she would sit on it like a cushion.
Great buy  Perfect price and great service!!
Calms our two month old and it's a classic. Can't go wrong with this in your inventory
mario kamek  I like it and would recommend it not to small it won't take a lot of space since my grandson wants them all.
It was perfect! Great quality.
My baby loves this so much.
The baby loved the rabbit and book
Great little frog  Quick shipping and looks great, but a little smaller than I anticipated.
Super soft and amazing value. He is the perfect size to snuggle with.
Perfect!  This was birthday present to my husband and considering we were going to be in Australia, I had it delivered there instead of the US.  It arrived even before I did!  Super fast shipping and my husband loves the movie so much, it was his favorite present lol.  Thank you so much for the great customer service, I'm very impressed!
Love it.
Love it!
Baby Groot  My son loves this toy. The movie was great and he loves baby Groot. It's very soft and he takes it to bed with him. Never seen it in a store before.
As cute as the picture.
grand daughter loved it
well packaged nice size Bitzer My Granddaughter will love it
A very cute jackalope.  I saw one of these at a parade, a little girl had two of them. I asked her where she got them, and she said her folks bought them online. This Hansa toy is adorable, well made, and totally fun! It was a little pricey, but Hansa toys are high quality, not cheap. He has a very cute little face, soft fur, and is realistic looking.
Super cute!! In perfect shape. Love it to match our Stitch!
It's a super cute stuffed Mickey, ya can't screen that up....
Cool!  You should have a broom to have much fun because  it  stays on  if  you put the broom in the legs and drop it. And that is fun! get it now!
... is a huge Kingdom Hearts fan and she absolutely loved this plushie as a gift  My wife is a huge Kingdom Hearts fan and she absolutely loved this Heartless plushie as a gift.  A must have for any Kingdom Hearts fan.  It is well made, and the stitching is well done.  It has held its shape well and is quite rigid, while still being soft.
great  my daughter love it, she play with it all the time and enjoy all her figures from toy story. thanks
AWESOME Mosa!  Loving the look of it and the flexibility of the tail, but one of my favorite things about it is the feel of the darker blue reptilian skin - So soft and nice while still having that nice reptilian feel. Best way to describe it is a reptile plushy-fied. Pros: Feel of the skin Colors, lovely contrast and yellow eye Shape, look of the teeth and shape of the jaw Detail with the look of you might get from a lizard if Dumbledore turned it into a plush, plus that feel. Cons: The thin-ness of the fins is a big thing for me. Something bites it, that is GONE. Would take a hard, quick jerk to tear it off. The worst of clicky-type scissors can take those front fins out, back are slightly stronger. All in all: MUST BUY! I love hugging this thing and is good for display, too. So lovely and amazing. The many pros cover up the one con.
kids love  Cute, kids love it
Really awesome
Kids are happy with them.
Great
Great  My grandson loves these characters and was very happy to receive Glenno as part of his Christmas gift.  They stir his imagination.
My son Absolutely loves this Mickey. He tries to take him everywhere!
perfect size, and absolutely adorable  Well made, perfect size, and absolutely adorable. My granddaughter's eyes light up as she cuddles these soft new playmates.  Note: They do come with suction cups for hanging which is nice, but keep that in mind for small children as a possible chocking hazard. I would remove them (easy to do) if this is a concern. Otherwise get on the floor or sit at the table and enjoy some play time. P.S. These look so cute in a gift basket. Perfect for birthday parties.  Honestly, I think they would be great for party favors. The children will play for hours together.
great
So soft! My son loves it!  So soft!  My son loves it!
Good transaction. Item perfect.
Tall & Cute!  Perfect plush gift for any Iwatobi Swim Club fan. It's detailed and most importantly cute. I highly recommend collecting all these. Wo doesn't enjoy an imported goodie?
Cute and soft  I used these for my daughters mobile. It's adorable.
As expected!!  I got it for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loves it! it's exactly what i thought it would look like, the little wookie back pack even opens up, how cute!
Its great :)
These dolls are adorable - they are smaller and have big heads, and my daughter loves them
I love it! I was actually going to buy this at Disneyland...I'm so glad I didn't it was over $60! It's perfect:)
She loved it.  I bought one of these for my grand daughter because she was obsessed with buckles.  She loved it.
Just as promised and was a wonderful gift for my Luigi Loving 4 year old nephew!
Coolest Kingdom Hearts toy ever.  This is a very cute plush of the first Heartless monster you face in Kingdom Hearts. The coolest thing about it, is that it's eyes glow in the dark just like the Heartless monster in the game. Loved the accuracy there.  Great toy/collectible for any Kingdom Hearts fan.
Klipsch XW-500d Premium  For the price, and being a powered sub, this is among the best in the market. Esp. if one was thinking of Bose, etc which are almost at the same price point
TY BEANIE BABY HELLO KITTY BALLERINA TY  MY NEPHEW'S LITTLE GIRL REALLY LOVED IT  WAS HER FIRST HELLO KITTY BALLERINA TOY SHE WOULD NOT PUT IT DOWN MADE A GREAT CHRISTMAS PRESENT
CUTE  Sooo cute even comes with the small words just like in Naruto!
Reindeers are better than people...  Sven is just so cute. He looks very accurate to the movie Sven, and my sister loves playing with him and her large Frozen dolls.
Awesome  This is awesome !! My daughters loved it ! I do recommend for all . it  as it's the best quality ever
Plus angry bird Leia  Bigger than expected!  Would buy from seller again!
very cute!  3 yo loves it.  Smaller than I thought (didn't pay attention to specs) but very cute. My 3 yo loves it!
Perfect for your little Gamer-to-Be or for yourself!  I got this for my 2 year old son. He loves Kirby and is always trying to take my Kirby Amiibo lol, so I got him this. He immediately loved it and can't sleep without him. It's made very well and child safe. If you're wanting to raise a little gamer, get this.
great toy  My daughter loves this toy, and so far it has held up well to lots of handling as we have a one year old that thinks it should be his.
Just what we wanted
This is a gift for a toddler and the body and clothes are nice and soft  Doll was well packaged and arrived as promised. This is a gift for a toddler and the body and clothes are nice and soft. Facial features and hair are painted, so that we do not have to worry about a choking hazard.
Was a great gift.
Love it!  2 days early on arrival and is absolutely perfect. Highly recommended buy.
Kids loved it.
Well made and cute!  Well made. The pink color is really cute. There is an authentic Disney label on Minnie's foot. Perfect birthday gift for a little girl who loves Minnie!
Arrived on time and great quality.
Sweet decor for any age  Review for the Owl (Amazon seems to have grouped together more than one item)  Although this is listed as baby plush, owls are a popular decor item right now, and I'm using this as a throw pillow that fits in well with a couple other owl things I have for decor. The somewhat small size makes a cute little accent pillow.  The brown is a faux fur, as are the wings. The eyes, feet, and beak are somewhat like a felt or very low-pile plush. Underneath the wings and the chest/stomach are a woven fabric. There are some PVC beads in the base--not many, though. Just enough to give it a bit of weight at the base.  While the owl is machine wash, it does say to line dry. Unfortunately, from my experience, drying plush toys can cause the polyfil to mat or felt due to the heat, so I would definitely believe this specification as a way to prolong its "life."  As a picky seamstress, the only thing I'm not totally thrilled with is the owl's beak. It would be nice if they had done an embroidery finish on the raw edges, similar to the stitching around the owl's eyes. It's just a minor touch, but would make this part of the owl look more finished. Still, it's quite sweet, for any age!
Big and better than the photo  Highlight of a little boy's Christmas
What is this?  Best gift for Pok&eacute;mon fan ever!  My nephew couldn't be photographed when he opened this present - he couldn't stop jumping around!
My daughter loves it.
AWESOME
My 9 year old says " It's cute and cuddly"
This plush is great  My daughter just loves her plush toy. She wants to have a collection of everything superman related. She just loves superman. This plush is a great gift for anyone who loves superman.
Quality stuffed animal  Doesn't get much cuter than this!
I bought this off Ebay  I didn't buy this from Amazon.com, but being it's the same product, I'm going to rate it.  This plush is extremely soft! I don't think I've ever had a Pokemon plush that was so cuddly before, and it's a perfect pocket size! The details are spot on and are very well done (no stray seams here)!  Espurr also has it's psychic markings under it's ears (which I wasn't expecting), it a really great touch!  Great plush!
Great buy for kids.  Great buy for my son. He loves all his stuff zombies..
my son loves Tec and this toy is perfect for him as he plays with Tec every night
its the teeth  This plush toy has the greatest look. It seems like he should be cuddly, but I just enjoy looking at him.
Was everything she was wanting
The kids lived it.
No, he won't play his fox yet, so I'll just play...NO he ate my chicken!  How to play: You all start with identical cards, 1 fox, 1 rat, 1 guard dog, and some chickens (a -1 point sickly, some 1 point healthy, a 2 point big chicken and a 4 point prize chicken).  The goal of the game is to either steal the chickens as the rat or fox, or to save the chickens from those predators as the guard dog.  Everyone chooses a card and reveals it at the same time. If everyone showed chickens, they stay at the middle of the table and nothing happens.  If someone shows a fox or rat, that player steals all the chickens (if there are multiple foxes or rats, they take turns stealing.  Rat gets last pick if there's even 1 fox) and puts them in front of you as points for the end of the round.  However, if someone plays a fox/rat and you play a guard dog, you just saved all those chickens and put them in front of you as points.  What if you play a guard dog and no one played a fox/rat?  You didn't save any chickens, so nothing happens except you wasted your only dog card.  Game play: Every turn consists of you looking at the other players and thinking "are they going to try to steal the chickens as a fox or do they think I am.  Maybe they'll just play a normal chicken and I'll play use up my dog.  No, they think I'm going to play fox.  So they're going to play their dog, and I'll just play a chicken so they don't get anything."  The only thing you know is they have the exact same cards as you and you know what they've played so far.  So you know that some have played their dog, but maybe the guy to your left hasn't...will he play it now or wait till the last turn to play it?  Conclusion: It's multiplayer Rock, Papers, Scissors meets poker face and it's a great little game.  It's easy enough for kids, the animal theme is fun, and it's even good for adults.  It's not a deep game, but a fun one to pass some time with.
love it
... for my grandson because his father had one and loved it.  Bought for my grandson because his father had one and loved it.
He loves this toy
perfect for eight year old girl  Cute, well made, perfect for eight year old girl.
Perfect  This item was exactly as described. My daughter was very excited to have Kristoff to go with Anna and Elisa.
Great product
Great!  My seven year old loves Iggy. Authentic from Japan, sweet. Arigato!
My friend loved this  My friend loved this
Perfect  My kids loved it I thought it was going to look cheap but it looks perfect.
Elmo Doll  This soft sweet Elmo doll is great for children under two years old.  My twenty-month-old grandson takes it to bed with him, and loves it!!!
Had a lot if fun with them in the classroom with grade school students  Just a cute as advertised. Had a lot if fun with them in the classroom with grade school students. They came to class everyday excited to see what the elves were up to each day!
Friend Owl Disney  Perfect addition to my Winne the Pooh collection. Must have for the Christopher Robin and Winnie the Pooh fan.
5 "Golden" stars XD  I absolutely love it!!!! He is sooo adorable yet sooo creepy!!! I am a huge fan of five nights at Freddy's and I believe its the best gift a fnaf lover!!!!
Fast shipping  This is just as described. The perfect size, he is so darn cute. Also the cheapest I have found. Great business.
old Grandson loved this toy  My 1 yr. old Grandson loved this toy.  Smaller than I thought it would be.
Rabbids are awesome!  Ahhhhhhhh, or was that Bwaaaaa??
Perfect
very happy with my purchase, arrived quickly.  thank you!
Made two grandkids very happy! Perfect size for kids to carry around too!
Very cute!  These plushes are very cute! Received them in excellent condition.
nice
Very pleased with product and the speedy delivery at such a busy Christmas season
Great gift for the Pokmon fan  Purchased for my son, he absolutely loved it! Mega Charizard protects him at night and really could you ask for more than that? Oh and his wings bend...awesome!
Was absolutely perfect!  So cute! Was absolutely perfect!
perfect size for a 4 year old  I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it... perfect size for a 4 year old...a lot bigger than i thought they would be.... all full size and the delivery was very fast as i shipped it overseas
Happy and satisfied  I bought one and literally bought another a week later. I love this and so does my daughter! Carries it around in the house and sleeps with it every night! Wonderful toy! Might even buy another!
My daughter loves is!
Happy birthday girl  Really cute mermaid doll with yarn hair and a beautiful shimmering tail. Very plush and soft.
Not as annoying as old ones  I purchased this for my daughter thinking it was going to be annoying like her older sisters was. It isn't :) its way more cute, dances, has an app, a name, & its own language u can learn too :) we were happy
I love  So cute. I love her
Adorable  Bought this for my husband for Christmas, he's a big Angry Birds/Star Wars fan.  He loved it!  He's soft and squishy.  He just needs a voice so he can make Chewbacca-bird noises!
just right size  just now ordered more
Cute!
She loves it and sleeps with it every night...  She nicknamed it "Nosey".....
My Granddaughter Loves the Doll!
Fast postage good item
Too cute!  Bought for son but I kinda want it. Smiles!!
Beautiful plush toy, very well made and great colors.
My daughter is in love with this thing  My daughter is in love with this thing.  I don't know why.  But as far as quality, it seems to hold up, its soft and well stitched.  The neck thing comes off...I don't know if it's supposed to but she seems to like this feature.
Adorable! Super soft. Very happy with the product.
Night time Elmo  Soft, cute, cuddly. Soft Elmo voice unlike other bedtime babies or animals. Won't keep baby up very soothing. No loose pieces that will loosen to choke on. 19mo old baby is Happy!
Great
great quality Minnie  Really soft, great quality Minnie.
Amazing, great quality  Amazing, great quality, amazing detail, I got Kirito and Asuna together, if you want a better review, check mine out on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVxKp2IzfcU&feature=youtu.be
Special beautiful toy!!!  Very well made, perfect size and very lovable. Our family lost to old age our Beautiful Rottweiller RAPTOR, after He gave us 11 years of love, loyalty and great memories, we bought this pkush Rottie for my son to sleep with, he use to sleep with Raptor every night and misses him a lot. I knew this plush toy was perfect the first night it arrived to our home cause when i went to tuck my son in that night i found him hugging this toy and sleeping with a smile on his little face, that moment was priceless, thak you Nat and Jules and Thank you Amazon.
Awesome toy  Awesome toy and made of good product. My sons love his toy!
Brand new in plastic.
Love it
Extremely well made and durable.  Great quality!  My child has many pushes and I have to say this is one of the best I have seen.  It is extremely well made and durable.  My child plays with Eevee every day.  Very durable product that doesn't show dirt.  It was a little more expensive, but when we received it and saw the quality, I understood why.
This bunny is so sweet and lovable, perfectly matched to read and cuddle with while my niece enjoys the stories !  The book and plush toy were Christmas gifts for my niece. I was ecstatic over the beauty and whimsy of this collection. This is a treasure now, and will be loved and deeply appreciated for many years to come. Being a painter myself, I am in awe of Beatrix Potter and her skills. Not only are her stories tender but her vision and artistic execution are sublime. This book is truly an heirloom that will be loved by the reader and audience,as long as it is well cared for. I might have to buy it for myself sometime soon !
Love it
Amazing plush of an amazing dragon pokemon!
Great gift  Super soft and comfy and the perfect size for cuddling. Made for a great gift for my boyfriend.
My son loves this Elmo, he sleeps with him every night! It's a bit loud so I lowered the volume.
great product  this one is great I initially got the round lion one but felt like the straps were short so I purchased this one and liked that they are long. I am not sure why it's filled though. it's like a little pillow which I feel is unnecessary, but I guess it's for them to hold in their laps and not need to slouch when clipping. 1.5 yr old loves it
Perfect gifts  I have 2 grand kids that love these book series so this is the perfect bedtime partner!  They love llama llama!
Star this toy!  Great grandson loved it! Prompt delivery.
Adorable! Better than expected
very satisfied  awesome amazon store with great prices
LOVE HIM FOR MY GRANDAUGHTER!!!
Worked great
... her everywhere and so far doll is holding up nicely.  Granddaughter takes her everywhere and so far doll is holding up nicely.
Great!  My niece loved it. She's obsessed with Frozen so this was perfect.
Highly recommend Mary Meyer's stuffed animals..A softer companion for your little one, you will never find.
Great Collectables  she is so cute and so detailed and very high quality. I had to recommend if you have a Mario Brothers fan in your household.
Cute!  This little owl is the cutest thing ever, the colors are awesome.
great
excellent value and delivered on time
We can hand this to our daughter and she is entertained for hundreds of miles on car trips. It has been a great distraction in restaurants and even just sitting in our living room together. Wonderful alternative to electronic distractions that enhances her motor skills and really challenges her on colors, matching and animals. Not pictured are the small furry windows on the back where numbers and animals await discovery by your little one.
His shiny metal...  Good quality..
Good Quality!  My mother bought me this Palkia plush years ago. I mainly use this as a collectible, since I do collect Pokemon plushies for fun. This plush is very soft and beautiful. Since I had this plush for a long time now, her wings are bent. I enjoy this plush.
Teens like them to  These were bought for my 16 year oldvgamer son to go with the rest of his Easter gift.  They are very well made & I thought a very decent price for a Minecraft item, They are true to the size in description, so take note.  Even though he is 16 he thought they were very cool, his friend from high school thought so also. He keeps them on his TV and gaming stand.
This toy is great! The colors are bright and the character is adorable. There are several activities for a child to engage in. I would recommend this toy to any parent who wants to keep their child busy and provide them with some educational activities.
Cute as can be  Ordered this frog as a birthday gift and it was a hit. This is a nice size frog, good quality soft fur, and constructed well.
good for gentle dogs  my little cairn terrier picked one of these off the shelf a couple xmases ago at lowe's and then his big kelpie brother ripped the beak off, so i got more.  they'll last with a dog who doesn't like to destroy.  Brisco had his original one for a long time before Bowler destroyed it and, even though i sewed it back together, it was sad it didn't have a beak, so now Brisco has 3 heads he loves to carry around and display.
LOVE THIS!!! It's a perfect!!! One of my best buys on here!
Awesome Carbot Zergling  It's a really cute Carbot Zergling plush... what more do I say  Even my girlfriend (who doesn't play SC2) thinks it's cute.
ERMAGERD I LERV DA CHERCERBERS!!!  I am a Choccobo fanatic so when I saw this little fella I had to have him. He's super good quality and super snuggly! He makes a fine addition to my collection.
Perfect, soft Elsa v  This doll has been a big hit with my granddaughter. She carries it everywhere.
So soft and way adorable!!  Sully doll is way adorable and soft. Great for little kids.  Looks better in person than the picture. My little neice is going to love her new Kitty.
It was nice. So great
Good quality!  My daughter loves her new Pinnochio doll! She plays with it often and its very well sewn, and durable. A nice Disney product that will last a lifetime! Highly recommended if your child loves Pinnochio!
I liked it because is easy to clean, the material were ok, but I don't think is machine washable.
Adorable!  My Pete-obsessed three year old LOVES this!  She has me read her Pete books with the puppet now :)  If I had to find a complaint, it would be that all of the buttons aren't "removable".  But she doesn't seem to mind too much.  Love that he has a belly button under the shirt, too :)
N  Nice products and good communication with supplier, thanks!
My granddaughter loved them. The extra erasers didn't have any smell  My granddaughter loved them. The extra erasers didn't have any smell. But that's not why I bought it. I even thank they are cute(47 yr old GaGa).
Love  "Bubbles the Jellyfish"  This toy is amazing.  My Grand daughter is mesmerized by it!  Only problem is there is no way that I can see to replace the battery.  I love it so much and my grand daughter does too that I plan to buy another o ne before the battery gives out!!!
Your Task is Complete You May Go Now  My fiance said that after getting this object, I could leave since she was now complete.  She now had a place to put her ring when she was working out or showering.
Great toy for autism children they love buckles
Cute, lo loves it  A definite favorite of our lo's. Love elmo!
My nephew loves it! 
Stuffed Animal  Very cute stuffed animal.  Arrived very promptly and in very good shape.  I would definitely purchase again from this vendor.
Great little Pluto. Really soft. 1 1/2 year old loves it.
My Grandson could have cared less but his mother loved it!
I bought Peter Rabbit and the books for a sweet little baby whom already has and will have all he needs.  They are so precious, stories are magical. I sincerely hope Peter Rabbit is cherished and the books will be read and passed on.  Perfect gift the parents told me.
Perfect gift for child or collector  I bought 2 of these, one for our 1 1/2 year old granddaughter and one to keep for our 5 year old grandson who isn't into stuffed animals that much.  I kept one rabbit to give to him later to go with the book, Beatrix Potter The Complete Tales that he already has.  After he sees his sister's Peter I learn that he would also like his Peter now I will, of course, immediately give it to him.  As I said in my review about the book, each grandchild will have a complete set to enjoy and pass down to their own children...One Collectible Peter Rabbit and one book of Complete tales.
best buy  my kids love them and have been loving them for a long time. great purchas
Soft and cuddelly  my 2 yr old granddaughter played with this  all afternoon. It is soft and durable.
My dog loves these toys!!!  Angry birds are my puppy's favright toys! These hold up really well! He loves to make or make noise! I will continue to buy these when he finaly tears up the ones he has.
This is a good buy u bought it and it came faster than it said it would
Daughter loves it and carries it around with her everywhere.
Super cute and very helpful to my two year old as she learns to do these practical tasks!
Awesome Baby toy for sleeping or not
i loved it exactly what i wanted thank you but my dog ate it. this has nothing to do with the review just saying cuz why not u know
great little griddle  I bought this for my Grandkids, they like to make pancakes and grill cheese sandwiches ect. with this.    I only payed $14.99, so it was a great buy. For that price I had to buy two...   I usually buy Calphalon Commercial, but I can see the way my Grandkids use this, it's holding up very good, and they love it.   You really do not have to use any type of oil or butter, nothing sticks..and they say it washes up very easy.
Favorite toy  This is a favorite toy for toddlers perfect size to be a baby doll you can put newborn diaper on it fits inside doll strollers.
Kids love it!  Kangaroo is very soft and cuddly. Kids love it!
LOVE IT
Lyme disease is getting around!  I know four people and a dog who have gotten Lyme disease in 2011. It (along with the tick it rode in on) sucks. And in honor of the next event, ownership of this Giant Microbe will pass to the next person who gets Lyme. They get to pass it on to the next and so on.  If you're going to feel crappy, might as well have fun.  I don't think I'll give it to the dog - me might destroy it. But for all other purposes, it's a friendly green cuddly plushie.  Because nobody really wants the real thing.
Tip is amazing. I wish she would say more. But that's ok. She's super cute.
It's super soft, smells like strawberries, and the size it guarantees.
Who doesn't love plush
My 7-year old son loves Five Nights At Freddy's.  He really loves this plush Foxy!
Quality plush.
My Grandson loves this ! Well made !
Grandson's b d present  Was just what he wanted.  He was over the top excited! I will order him more Pokemon's from this site.
achilds best friend  This was an instant hit with the child.  She didn't let go of it for days after she received it.  It shows no sign of wear, even after the dog thought it was great too.
MINIONS  BROUGHT AS A GIFT. IT WAS VERY CUTE AND PLUSH. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT. THESE MINIONS ATTRACT ALL AGE GROUPS FROM 1 TO 60. THEY KIND OF CUTE IN THEIR OWN WAY
Cute 4 piece plush set  Exactly as described and pictured
A must buy!  Absolutely Beautiful plush! Super soft and well detailed! It even came much earlier than I expected.
My almost 3 year old played with this over and over on our trip to Florida. I actually bought it for the 14 month old, but it was a bigger hit with the 3 year old :)
Wonderful! Great quality, my son loves Spiky. Will buy again from them.
They are really cute and the size is really good. Money well spent.
Great
adorable! my granddaughter loves this kitty :)
Cute!  So cute, can't wait to give this to my granddaughter for Valentines day.
My toddler loves it  This is a great toy for a great price. My 17 month old (who is currently 19 months old) has enjoyed it greatly for the last 2 months. He listens to it many times in his crib every night before going to sleep, and sometimes we hear him reciting nearly the entire alphabet. It does have a different song ending than the classical alphabet song, but it is also a good one.
I love this toy  I love this toy, its a Christmas gift for my two yr old and for that it is perfect. It's a good size not to small and not too heavy that she can't handle it. The features are simple enough for her to understand but not baby basic.
The Quick Fox  The plush came in excellent condition and way earlier than expected. I ordered it on the 6th of June and was notified it would get here between the 2nd and the 21st of July and it was here by the 20th of June! Just two weeks after I ordered it! The plush is really soft fluffy. Definitely recommend for anyone looking for a Fennekin plush.
Great Deal!  So cute and bigger than I expected. Great Deal!
Adorable plush animals!! Purchased 4 of the wiggles and like them very much!!
this is exactly what my daughter wanted..she loves everything kingdom hearts..
Great  Came in less then a week and was perfect!
The kids loved these when we first go them  The kids loved these when we first go them, they have been forgotten as of late but have help up very well.
Change out the Chinese batteries  I don't understand why, but my 15-month-old daughter cherishes this thing. The Gloworm certainly brings out her maternal instincts. She treats the toy like it's a small child, kisses and cradles it, and takes it to bed with her. She even made up a name for it.  In light of my daughter's special relationship with this toy, we were disconcerted when the first worm that shipped developed an intermittent failure to turn on, that got progressively worse until we returned the item to Amazon. The replacement glow worm arrived with the same sort of problem, but we noticed the music was a little garbled and the light was dim. Replacing the batteries solved all the malfunctions. Just be aware that the off-brand Chinese batteries that ship with these (at least for the current inventory) are basically worthless and produce intermittent operation that made us think the toy had a bad contact in power toggle.  I'm happy that the issues we were having were not a design defect. My daughter was speechless with joy when the replacement came, and we're really happy that she'll be able to reintroduce her little buddy in her daily routine.  Oh yeah, on a side note, we had no trouble replacing the batteries. You need to remove only one screw, and it's easily accessible. I might get around to posting a picture at some point. I'm not sure why the other reviewer had to cut the fabric.
so happy with this product  was exactly as described
Made a great gift.
The children love it.
Great notebook!
Love it. Fast delivery also  Just what we expected. Love it. Fast delivery  also.
Grandson loves it.
Fantastically cute.  So, I really wanted one of these, but like most, didn't know it existed until a year after it first came out (March 2013). I ended up caving and getting it here for about $40 (a bit steep, but I had to have one!).  It came well packaged, wrapped in a Pokemon Center bag (yellow), and appears to be about as legit as it can be. I bought a knockoff from ebay just to make some comparisons, actually (only 8 bucks). Might gift it to a friend now.  From what I can see the price has dropped substantially so jump on this quickly if you want it. Super soft, impossibly cute, and a must-have for Pokemon fans. :)
Excellent.
A good product  A cute night loght that works well. Turns off on its own and lights up nicely.
My grandson's toy  Since he received it at Christmas, he has been playing with it.  He makes up stories and uses the plush to be the main character!
Perfect plush. He is super soft and adorable  Perfect plush.  He is super soft and adorable.  My daughter loved it.
Amazing Goodness  If you appreciate good tools you will love this saw. Made in the USA, ideal design for maximum blade tension, sweet feel and appearance. It is undoubtedly heavy as the name says and better suited for a shop saw than a tool bag saw. But if you use your tools and you need a hacksaw you will not find a better tool than this. It is worth a hundred crappy $15 saws.
Cute
Kids love it!  Arrived early! Get what you see
Soft, perfect size for young children to play with.  True Nintendo products. My nephews collect and love them. So happy to be able to purchase them on-line because many characters are difficult to find in stores.
cute af!  This highly influential modern philosopher and founder of modern communism changed the lives of most scholars in recent history.. nice plush toy though. cute af!
Olaf  Olaf is adorable
Came in perfect condition and my grand daughter was beyond excited
Anything Shopkins related is a must have for 5-8 year old girls.  I used these as party favors for my daughter's birthday.  They were a big hit!
Perfect  Arrived earlier than expected and matched the details perfectly.
so adorable and looks just as pictured  Was skeptical because of other reviews... so adorable and looks just as pictured!
very cute
Still a Fan
Good quality
Adorable!  Great service.  The Piglet doll is so adorable.  It has a beanbag bottom so it can sit.  It is so soft and cozy. Would recommend.
really cute! My child loves it !
Adorable  Absolutely one of the cutest plush turtles I've ever seen.  He's very soft and has so much personality stitched into his face!
Authentic quality.  Isabelle is so cute!
great value. These things are usually way overpriced  Big doll....great value.  These things are usually way overpriced.
Love it!!
Very cute
Great quality!!!  I bought this for my daughter and she absolutly loves it. Soft and small... a little bit smaller that i expected but very cute. Highly reccomended.
Perfect Toy For Anyone Of Any Age  The worlds cutest dog is now the worlds cutest stuffed animal- Boo is great! I bought two- one for my 4 month old nephew and one for myself! I love watching Boo on YouTube and looking at his pictures on facebook and this toy is extremely realistic to the real Boo. I saw him in the store and had to buy! I recommend Boo for anyone of any age, from baby to adult. It's a perfect gift for anyone, especially if a relative/friend is sick and needs a little happiness in their life. Boo is the perfect size and is so soft and cuddly. If you're looking for an adorable stuffed animal, buy Boo!
Gluten free!  Neat
Loved it  I have been reading the Llama Llama books to my 3yr old for several months now and she absolutely loves them.  I ordered the doll and gave it to her today.  I have never seen her so excited over a stuffed animal.  She was so excited.  She told me that she was going to sleep with him because then she won't be afraid of the dark like he's not afraid of the dark anymore because he has mama llama.  She wants to take him everywhere with her now.  so glad that I bought this.
Exactly as expected
Perfect
wonderful
Cute  It was perfectly adorable
gotta be the cutest toy around
Perfect!  This may be a factory second, but top quality.  Only difference is the Gray along the Spine/Tail  The plush toy was exactly as we hoped.  It was a little less expensive compared to the J!NX version, which pointing to that issue, I actually think this may be a factory second.  This is based on the variation from the gray along the spine/tail and that the tag is cut off.  There isn't any real issue, the only thing that I think that may have made this a "Second" is the spine, in all the photos shows just the gray parts sticking out, ours shows the full gray (connected at the bottom) between the vertical parts.  The wing tip (gray) is perfectly sewn closed, it looks great.  The material is super soft and is all high quality.  Our 6 Y/O son who is VERY specific about his Mine Craft stuff, loves this dragon.
Very cute and soft  We bought this for our new daughter. She's not old enough to really do anything with it but I love it. It's very soft and cute. Great lovey! I would recommend this!
I paid 50 cents for mine.  I was at the Mall one day & walked by the Game Room. I saw Minions in the game with the Claw. I put 50 cents in & grabbed Tim in the first try!!
Christmas present for a friend  My daughter got this for her friend and the friend loved it. If you have children in to animate this is a good product to get.
Pichu is awesome!  My sons new favorite plush pokemon. It arrived very fast and in time for his birthday and he still refuses to put it down. He had been asking for Pichu and it was very nice to find a great quality Pichu plush.
WONDERFUL
Good
ok  ok
Impressive!  I so liked this plush! It looked exactly like the game. One of the best plush ever! GET IT NOW!!!
My mother has dementia and this is perfect for her  My mother has dementia and this is perfect for her. It has a lot of interactive buttons and you can set it up so that it dances to her music therapy. It is really the only time when she is attentive and smiling.
Love it  My niece loves it!  Its a good size i love the fur,  or doesn't shed and the material that the eyes are made of is great because she puts his eyes in her mouth and I  don't have to worry about get choking on fur.
Twins  I have twin Grandaughters and this is just the right size and cuddly!
Perfect
Our toddler loves it!
My grand-daughter loved  Just what I have been looking for, My grand-daughter loved it
Cute and soft  Very cute and soft.
So soft!!
Exactly what is advertised.
Great product and delivered quickly..
She is so adorable, dress is removable, my daughter absolutely loves her.,
Perfect  Adorable, I bought all four of the "kiss kitties." My best friend couldn't have been happier. They shipped in the perfect amount of time, also.
good
Adorable!  He's just so cute, He's kind of tinier than the other plushies but that's because he is sitting down. I love him <3
Beautiful! Tall, soft and perfect match to the other princesses.
Glad I ordered this one!  Cute and just as expected!
Just what grandson wanted and great price.
My daughter absolutely loves this doll!
Great  toy for hand and eye coordination practice  I found this to be a quality product that my daughter enjoys for a decent price. Everything is stitched together solidly so I have no worries of straps tearing off or coming loose. The bright colors and different assortment of buckles keeps my daughter engaged. I would recommend this to anyone who's little one has shown an interest buckles or snaps or anything with hand and eye coordination involved at all really.
As expected'
I bought Peter Rabbit and the books for a sweet little baby whom already has and will have all he needs.  They are so precious, stories are magical. I sincerely hope Peter Rabbit is cherished and the books will be read and passed on.  Perfect gift the parents told me.
Great gift!  Was a Birthday gift for  my sister who loves the Minions! Now she can love them even more!
Got this for my grand-daughter within one week from the order, she loves Peppa.
My little niece just loved this! Her Mom and I love that the eyes are sewn-in fabric...much safer for baby!
AWESOME birthday gift  Angel is so cute, well made, very soft. AWESOME birthday gift!
Love this fuzzy friend - just like the one from Disney World.  Soft, cuddly and the perfect size for little 3-5 year old arms. This was purchased as a replacement for the one that was originally purchased at Disney World and had been subsequently lost by my then-3-YO. It's the exact same one, so no worries on if it was authentic/quality concern, etc. She'll never know the difference.
A+ Product  Great Product! The plush quality is great and packaged very well.
Good Quality  High quality item, very pleased
Plants vs Zombies  Awesome product, Thank you.
it went to the grandkids in another state
Perfect!  My 3.5 yo loves this doll, it goes everywhere with her! I was worried it wouldn't look enough like "Elsa" but she is perfect! Royal Palm was also wonderful to work with! I am completely happy and would recommend to anyone!
very cute like pitcure
They were more then expected  I kind of had an idea of how big they would be think the ruler plus one inch. But when my niece received these she was so excited she carries them everywhere the characters look very true to the picture shown and for the price which was cheap god a really good deal and there was three of them which even it a better steal.
So soft and well made!  Love love LOVE my Marshfellows plushies! My son is all about his stuffed animals right now and Marshfellow is definitely his favorite! They are so super soft, cuddly and extremely well made!
son loved it: )  Exactly as expected...son loved it:)
Love it!!  My daughter loved it! Perfect size and super soft! Would buy again!!
Just what j expected
Humanity's greatest hope  Same with armin I love eren as well also similar to armin there are pieces that could come off  but I highly recommend to fans of the series and collectors of anime plush who are gentle with their plushies.
my daughter uses him and Mike Wazowski to guard her door at night from the bad monsters. Worth every penny  Quality is very high; my daughter uses him and Mike Wazowski to guard her door at night from the bad monsters.  Worth every penny!
This was a hit with my 2-year-old  My 2-year-old daughter is obsessed with Inside Out. She loves all of the characters, so this was a great gift for her. They do have a string at the top with suction cups for windows, which was a little strange at first, but I suctioned them to our patio door and my girl loves to take them off the door and put them back on. The suction cups was actually a great idea for little fingers! Five stars all the way!
but it looks great & couldn't be happier about it  Not has big as I had hoped, but it looks great & couldn't be happier about it.
Perfect and adorable.
My favorite purchase of all times. Just right for new baby. soft and well made. I just love it
Baby loves it  Maybe not as plush as I was hoping for, but baby adores him so it's all good. Plus he doesn't make any noises whatsoever, so that's 5 stars in my book.
So sweet!!! Love this and would buy again:)
Exactly what I wanted  It was very difficult to find a stuffed animal puggle! It was sort of a gag gift but I wanted to get one that looked exactly like a puggle. The wrinkles are correct, it's soft and not too small. The receiver of the gift was elated!
Exactly as pictured and arrived on time.
MADE A 6 YEAR OLD SREAM WITH EXCITEMENT , THANKS GUYS
Very durable  I picked up one of these at a yard sale for my black lab. She loves this toy and has been dragging it around with her for a couple of years now. This is very durable. There are no holes in it, the eyes aren't ripped off, or anything like that. I am very impressed with the quality.
Great toy. I bought 2 and the children love it. Great buy.
So cute but the colour on the flower ran so I removed it.
Grandson loves it.
Very fast delivery and it was just what my son wanted.
The guiznett  Love it
Miss Piggy is stunning as always  This doll is SOOO beautiful! I was hesitant because i thought the doll hair would be wild and a mess, but it is so smooth and shiny and Miss Piggy's face looks very well done as well. I would recommend this for the Miss Piggy fans  for sure. All of these dolls are made so wonderfully. We have the Kermit and Swedish Chef dolls already so this one is perfect to add in to our growing Muppet doll collection.
Great condition, great price
Buy It!  Love this purchase. The minion came as described great price compared to the ones that are sold in stores. The picture does not do the toy justice it is worth the money!
good!
Perfect! Exactly what I ordered and its super soft! Arrived earlier than expected too!
Erza came in her battle costume and looked ready to battle.  They did a remarkable job in catching her essence even without her quick changes s in the anime.
The Nat and Jules giraffe is my new baby gift 'go to' and I highly recommend it.  This giraffe is ALWAYS welcomed in our home.  My little girl received her first Nat and Jules giraffe when she was about 6 months old and it's the only toy she has ever been really attached to.  At 10 months old she started going to day care and it was the only thing that comforted her.  Since then, she has obtained an entire heard of giraffes...after all, she needs a back up lovey for when one is being washed.  I try to keep the clean giraffes out of circulation until one goes in the wash, but she will grab and extra one or two if possible and proudly walk around the house carrying an arm load of these soft little critters. I cannot praise the durability of these toys enough.  I am washing them after a day or two of use (all of the day care funk and snot) and there is only one that has a little hole in it...and that is from when my daughter was chewing on it while teething.  The Nat and Jules giraffe is my new baby gift 'go to' and I highly recommend it.
A back up for my sons "it" stuffed animal. Becomes matted over time, but still lovable. Ours looks a little worse for the wear because we machine wash and dry it often since he is always taking it to bed and carrying it around. There is a noticeable difference between the new one and the old one.... but it is fine. Just good to know that if we lose bamboo we have another
... that arrived within the designated window which I was happy about especially because it was the holidays  Cute product that arrived within the designated window which I was happy about especially because it was the holidays!
Great product my daughter hasn't put it down since she opened it
Happy  My granddaughter was so excited!
Soft & Cuddly  Just received this today (earlier than expected!) and it is much better than we expected. This little narwhal feels so soft and squishy and looks very well-made. Have a feeling my daughter will want to take her narwhal with her everywhere: from bedtime to road trips. Great purchase!!
Very soft, very squishy. High quality tiger shark friend
nicely made and cuddly for being small  very happy with this because my granddaughter loves it. made well and delivered quick. this is our second one as the first got lost
great sea turtle super quality too.....
Great
The hats are easily interchangeable and Elmo is in character immediately  This was a huge hit with our 2 yr old on Xmas morning! The hats are easily interchangeable and Elmo is in character immediately. The price point was far better than retail as well.
So cute, a wonderful addition to my preschool.  What a cute plush doll, it is a great size, well made, and perfect to cuddle. I have a home daycare so dolls are well loved around here and this is no exception, he is very popular with all the kids. I try and get all sorts of different ethnic dolls so the kids can find ones that look like them, as well as see all the different, beautiful shapes, sizes, and colors people come in. I am so thrilled to add Zakariyyah  a Muslim doll, the kids love him. Having several different dolls I think helps them learn that different is okay, and to not see colors and differences, but instead see people. This is a well made, well sewn doll, I love that he is larger than other similar dolls. He is soft and huggable, and the kids love playing with him. He has an adorable face with a sweet side grin and tuft of hair that gives him an innocent and fun personality. He is wearing a blue thobe with a little pocket, and cute non-removable sneakers. The kids all want to cuddle with him during rest time, and take him on many adventures during the day. There are no loose, sewn on buttons or pieces, so he is safe to snuggle with the little ones. He is a great addition to my home. I would highly recommend this doll to anyone, he is made to last, and so cute. He would make a great gift as well, the boys especially are excited to have a little boy doll around. I think this is a fantastic product.  I received this doll at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest and unbiased review
my wife loves it.
Cute toy  Cute toy, good price.
Soft and lovable, yet educational, as well.  Although my grandson has had this for only a few days, he is playing with the buckles and especially likes the zipper compartment. I expect this toy will hold his attention for months to come.
plushie is so adorable
custest thing ever!!  It was my daughter's birthday and my son knew she loved all the boo books so he asked me if I could get her the boo stuffed animal for her birthday . Of course I said yes!! and it turned out it was a great purchase!!! She plays with it everyday! And, its the custest thing ever!!As you can see, a must get!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A real hit with my great granddaughter.
Great addition to your Super Mario plush collection  Exactly what I was looking for.
great plush!  I was lucky enough to find Zuma at Walgreens on sale with the other plushies for 8 dollars got Zuma to add to the collection since we didn't have him in plush form yet, he's very cute and seems to be made well! Love him :) worth the money for sure!!
Fun Toy  The kids loved it... All the kids who love Frozen should have one and pulling part and putting back is fun!
My great nephew loves his animals  Very well made and very plush stuffed animals.  My great nephew loves his animals!
Just like the picture great quality my son loves it.
best plush I have  Bigger then expected it came 4 weeks earlier then due date very nice and very detailed looks everything like in the picture couldn't ask for better its just amazing
My son loves it!
A Mommy Dinosaur was not a Mommy Dragon  Just what my granddaughter wanted, I thought. (Actually, she asked for a Mommy dragon, I bought this by mistake, then, when I realized my mistake, I had to order a mommy dragon, too). My granddaughter was happy with my mistake. She got two "Mommies" for the request of one. She had a baby dragon who needed a mommy dragon. So, the dino, I told her, was the nanny until mommy dragon could arrive a week later. It worked.
Favorite Pillow  I sleep with this every night, I'm not exaggerating, he comes with me on trips and vacations. He's the perfect size to toss into a backpack. Very very soft and squishy and incredibly great quality. It's the perfect size even, a great item for any Star Wars fan!
My son and I love it and great delivery time. Thank you
Pokemon Connoisseur  Got this for my son and he loves it. The idea is really cute since it helps the kids feel like they really have a Pokemon coming out of their Poke' ball. Quick, smooth transaction too.
AWESOME.  He is very comfortable.
Happy with the product  Nice color. Just the size for single portion of soup or pasta. Great color.
Love it!
highly recommend! So much detail and the fur is so soft! He's just the perfect size. Definitely a good buy.
Very small and very cute.
A stuffy that is easy to possition and play with.  My daughter has enjoyed playing and pretending with these from the day she got them on Christmas 2 years ago almost. She still plays with them each week. They are soft and easily moveable. A few of them developed small holes at seams in the first month or so, but I was able to stitch them with a few stitches and they have held out ever since. Well worth getting if your child is as big a fan of the characters as mine is.
Grand daughters love it!
Love them
WHAT A BARGAIN!!!!  Every year when my friend's church collects backpacks to distribute to children removed from abusive / neglectful homes, I buy 3 backpacks and fill them with basic personal care items, school supplies, cozy socks, a small flashlight, and a Beanie Baby.  Last year I had to spend close to $10 each for the stuffed animals, and on top of everything else, it gets expensive.  I am very grateful to have found these for such a reasonable price.  I will use 3 this year and save the other 2 for next year.  Thank you kindly to whomever is selling these lots!  I should probably buy another.
My daughter loves this Zuma plush, he is very soft and arrived quickly! Thank you!
Great for long road trips!  My toddler has trouble riding in the vehicle and this toy really helped on our most recent trip. The buckles are easy for her to buckle.
great original present  This got more raves than any present I have ever purchased for anyone.  It was such an odd gift to receive and the receiver just loved it.  It was bought as a gag gift for a friend who was having there gallbladder removed.
Great dog toy. They like the noise it makes. Not a chew toy though.  Really Cute. I buy these  for my Dog's they like to squeeze it to make the loon noise, the Mallard one is really cute also.
Love  Great plush. Filling is full. Stiching is straight. Soft and fluffy.
Night Time Snuggler  Daughter and Girlfriend both loved these, they arrived just as pictured.
Good size, cant wait to give to my son for Christmas.
Great for a toy or for room decor!!  This is such a great toy for kids.  My 5 and 2 yr old boys were fighting over it, they both loved it so much.  It's can stand on its own and is pretty large.  The neck and legs are posable and the detailing on the face and body is really nice as well.  This is a great toy or room decor piece for anyone with kids who love giraffes.  Worth the money for sure!!!
This was a gift ... so soft, but keep away from dogs!!!
Thank you so much, I love it! You even wrote a nice personal letter with the item. Great service.
Soft and cuddly  Adorable!!  So soft and cuddly and the wires in the legs are great so that "Sven" can stand by himself.  My daughter loves this toy and cuddles with it all the time.
Nice product.
ADORABLE its small but worth it once I got it  ADORABLE its small but worth it once I got it...yes he does have silky hair and everybody comments on his cool tattoos. I think its mine now not the kids anymore I just love the Rock
EXACTLY AS SHOWN  It was very nice the black was a little bit lighter and in the picture it shows. It stands up on its own and sits along my friends shelf of  :D
Great
Awesome toy  Good price
A soft ball that my son loves  My son's face lights up when I shake this ball and he hears the chime inside. I think we will get a lot of use out of it, even past babyhood. Its a little expensive but simple, engaging baby toys are worth the money.
Very cute - my son loved it
Hilarious Statement Piece!  Ridiculous. But an incredible statement piece for our living room!
Perfect fluffy cute puppy, and so soft
Sully Was A Hit!  3 year old grandson was pleased!  Well made!  Just what I expected!
True to its Word  It came quickly and it looks really cute, and it doesn't look morphed like some of the other Pikachu's on Amazon. Also cheaper than most other Pikachu's so that's nice. It's about the size of my hand, for comparison.
My nephew loved this little guy!
nice
Nice big super squishy great texture my daughter loves him.
nephew love this
He's so soft and plushie!  Minecraft spidey here is a lot bigger than he looks! BTW, the picture is showing him upside down. I actually picked him up at a local store, but he's so nifty I couldn't resist posting a small review as the quality of this plushie is just fantastic.  He's super soft and squishy, you'd think from the picture that you can't really move him. That's not at all true. All of his legs move and will go back into position of course when not being moved (not poseable though, which it's better this way). He could technically be used as a small pillow, yes he's that soft! He's very well constructed, I can see him being thrown about day after day and not having one problem with ripping or tearing.  You can cuddle him and he's one of those plushies you can fall asleep easily with. No sharp parts of course. The fabric he's made out of is very soft and smooth. Not fuzzy really, just soft like velvet, if not softer.  I've never been a fan of spiders, but he's adorable and is now one of my favorite plushies. This little guy will add as a nice addition to anyone's Minecraft collection, or even better yet spider collection! You can't go wrong with this one!
Awesome  Love it, thank you!!
Great Plush! Even more awesome when you pay the $17 Bucks for it at the original mechant. Also It is still available for the $17 dollars their. SO GO BUY IT THEIR and don't give your hard earned money to a scalper.
For my granddaughter  My granddaughter has had her milestone pictures taken with Poo since she was 1 week old.  Now at 7 weeks she loves her Poo Bear and has memories forever with him.
a nice gift  very nice plush toy, and this horse looks great. My grandson loves it! what else matters?
My Grandson loved it!
good buy  was perfect for my niece along with wags.
Very happy  After reviewing some of the reviews on here i was worried about ordering this product but it came and is amazing!! The tail is stitched to the body but easily removed if desired. I cant wait to give them to my kids for Christmas. Very happy with my purchase.
Adorable, Cute,Sweet, I wish I can think of more words  The stitching was perfect and she was as pictured.
It's so adorable!!
Super cute  This is an adorable Joy doll and my two year old loves it. Don't be put off by the picture. The hair is not as dumb as the picture makes it look!
Adorable!  My two year old loves Ponyo and this was perfect for her. It's the right size for her to put in a bucket and carry around.
Good quality Grandson loved it
My son likes it.
We bought it as a gift.
5 Stars  My 3yo loves it! Soft and adorable!
Love the chipmunk  Love the chipmunk, but for some reason you have a picture of a Kangaroo.  Kind of wondered what would come in the mail .
Granddaughters Favorite  We purchased all the Frozen caricatures and this figure is the favorite of our granddaughters!  It's the right size, cute and cuddly.
Food of the Year  My birds love this when they are hungry.  I guess it is good for anyone when it comes to starving.
master illusionist zoroak and other pocket monsters  from ordering pokemon center plushies before they are #1 in the cuddle department and they are super adorable :3 they show the soft side of these tuff pocket monsters. if it wasn't for amazon i wouldnt be able to enjoy my fav part of new york :3 they are more durable than the jakks and old school nintendo plushies
SHARKS ARE THE BEST  I do love it, but he did get a little rip in the side after a few nights. I stitched him back up and he's as huggable as ever.
Excellent product! Bigger than expected and arrived much quicker than anticipated.
Pleased with the Pokemon - Palkia  Gave the 5 star rating because the Pokemon came in time and was just as I expected it to be.
Furry Friend gives a Shout Out on Amazon  One of my favorite Star Wars characters comes in a size (a gigantic 24 inches) that is worthy of curmudgeonly Chewbacca.  Sturdy with a killer nose.  I love R2D2 and C3PO, but Chewbacca is THE MAN.
Kids love it
My youngest loves it!!! He got it for his birthday... Thank you.
Perfect  I didn't know this was going to be the Disney Store brand, so I was quite pleasantly surprised. The quality is suburb and my Arlow loving kids are completely in love.
Best CD Storage System  These boxes are the most efficient way to organize and store a large collection of CD's.  I own several of these boxes and I recommend them highly.  You can fit a large number of CD's in about 30% of the space you would need if you kept them in their original "crystal cases".  The only downside is the time you need to spend breaking down the crystal cases and transferring the CD's and booklets to the plastic sleeves that come with this storage system.  But once you make that investment of time, you will have much faster & more organized access to your CD's.
Too Cute!  This is just the cutest stuffed animal. My daughter got something on it the first day and it had to be cleaned. I popped it in a pillowcase to wash it and tumbled it on low for about 30 minutes - then hung it up to dry the rest of the way. still looks like new!
What Stretchy Fun  My 5 year old granddaughter thought this was the best Christmas present !  It really stretched and she really danced and danced with it.  She was checking herself out in the mirror a lot and doing a lot of laughing.  This is a well-made and fun product.
amazing  We bought sven in Disney world. He is so cute and perfectly made durable.
Love Pikachu!  Got this for my little great grandson's 6th Birthday. He loves it!
LOVE, Love, love! Super cute and well made!
Perfect for the Angry Birds fan who loves Star Wars!  Another in the collection of Angry Birds plush family. My son loves it. Great quality stitching and it has maintained its shape well, even after some serious bouncing around the house. Quality product.
Domo Plush  Just what I was looking for. Some are not great quality, but this one was great. It is great for people that love Domo's and its the perfect size!
Good job my son loves it  Shipped very quickly and the box was not even dented. Good job my son loves it.
Great toy  My daughter loves Wow Wow Walden an has had him as an imaginary friend for awhile she loves this stuffed doll.
It was super cute, nice and big, and the little girl who received it as a gift loved it!
Pokemon has awesome imagination!  My sister loves pokemon and always plays with them. Pokemon has awesome imagination!
Bahhhhhhh  Very cute for the peppa pig collector. Just bahs that's it. Small but very cute.
Greninja Makes a Splash!  The plush arrived in perfect condition, so to the fullest extent of it, it captures the "Greninja" in this plush. Although the sculpt may look kinda goofy, this thing is perfect for any Greninja, Pokemon, or Super Smash Bros. fan.
Love it  Perfect as a gift to go with the Snowman book.
Sturdy and well made  Got this for my 2 year old niece. she loves it. Sturdy and well made.
Adorable  I saw this little Hello Kitty and ordered it immediately for my niece's birthday. The glasses just put a smile on my face.
This plush will be enjoyed for years to come  It was exactly what I wanted, a bit in the smaller side, but still perfectly fuzzy, furry. I would recommend this for any Child obsessed with Star Wars .
Cut but had to return; she already had one!
2 foot amazing giraffe    Price Point: 4/5   Quality/Durability: 5/5   Need: 4/5   Recommendation/Giftable Factor: 5/5   Overall: 5/5  Product Need: Giraffe toy  Pros: 2 feet large, flexible, material  Cons: N/a  My thoughts: This is not your usual plush toy. This is a 2 feet long giraffe that has great detail on it and is made to move by shaping and molding the neck and legs. The inside is made with a wire that allows you to bend the animal to stand in any surface and look down at any angle. Everyone that sees this loves it at first sight (including my dog). I can see this perfect for any kid or adult giraffe lover. My kid just loves it and stares at it in her room. While it is large it is not heavy nor too soft yet firm like a cushion. The body is about 5 inches. I am impressed with this new favorite toy. Please note I did receive a discount in exchange for my honest feedback that had no impact in my review or ratings.
Great purchase!  Bought it for my friend, and while it was a tad smaller than expected, it was well worth the purchase, she loved it! Craftsmanship is quality enough, and the price was fantastic. Takes a while to ship to the states, but that's a small negative, since free international shipping is quite nice.
Toys buy Right now  Toys  buy  Right  now
My friends niece just loved him!  He is the cutest! My friends niece just loved him!
I was expecting a small stuffed animal even though the title said 118". The snake is almost full sized, which actually worked better for me since it was a prop for my Halloween costume.
Awesome deal  Loved the price of this. They go for $20 in the store and I scored this at $5.96 what a steal!!!
My daughter loves these dolls! We saw them at Disney on Ice and they were $32 a piece. Saw them here and ordered them, they are the same as the dolls we saw and have held up really well!
AMAZING !!!  I shopped and shopped . Bought 2 TV"S at Costco and took them both back because I wasn't satisfied with the picture quality. I have had my 46"XF550U Toshiba now for nearly a year and I still marvel at the picture quality of this set every time I turn it on,  not to mention it's beautiful thin bezel design.  This LCD 's blacks are as close as it will ever get to plasma blacks. Truly incredible.  Buy this set, it will not disappoint .
Cute one  Nice and cute elephant..
As expected, fast shipping
Otter + Otter Books = Winning (Stuffed Animal)!  We bought this for our 2 year old, along with the books (Good Night, Little Sea Otter) and (The Otter Who Loved To Hold Hands) and our kid absolutely loves the Otter now.  Admittedly, the books helped us build up the Otters persona and stature our kids mind  so that probably helps as to why hes taking the Otter everywhere.  Other than that  its a small and soft Otter.  Not too big which is helpful when traveling, car or plane.
My son loves it!
Good toy good on off options.  Good price. Easy squeeze on and off. Lights up and plays songs for about ten minutes continuous or option to light up only, Squeeze again to stop at any time. Soft body and hard light up face. Song helps baby nap and light up face will hopefully be enjoyed for some time.
Long time Labyrinth lover...  I got this to sleep with because my husband works nights and I wanted something to cuddle.  Ludo has been my friend for many years and I am happy he is looking over me while I sleep.
Good purchase for my grand kids
My son loves this  I bought this for my son's Easter and he absolutely loves it. It is very education because my son spends lots of time identifying manny's belt, shirt, eyes etc. I am so glad I was able to get this for him
Pretty cuddly doll
... make my Italian hot chocolate and it works just fine.  I needed a small nonstick pot to make my Italian hot chocolate and it works just fine.
ADORBS!  Reviewed by my wife: This made me giggle out loud when I saw it!!! So sweet and cuddly, with just the right surface softness/body firmness. Being all white I can predict that this will get dingy before very long, but it seems like it will launder well, so I'm not at all worried. So cute!!!
Worth the money.  No tag. Has the original ty sewn in tag. Quality is good. Worth the money.
My son was so happy... very nice quality!
bigger than my boys expected- they loved it!
My son's nighttime companion  This was the best purchase I made for my son this Christmas. He loves Daniel tiger and plays the Good night song over and over after I put him to bed. So much so that after 6 months I'm amazed I haven't had to change the batteries yet. I'm thinking of buying another just in case something should happen to the first one, because my life would be hell if that happened.
Great product - great for smaller dogs or for children.  Pig is great.  He arrived first and is still working with everything in tact.  Dog loves him.  He is made much better and can survive the play my dog does with it.
Frozen Beanie Babies  Great gifts; well received. Great for young kids who liked the Frozen movie.
Delivered as described. My eight year old was thrilled!!
Exactly what I expected.
Its great!
Great fun and learning toy!  This is so fun! My 19 month old is so into buckles right now and this is perfect for anywhere we go. Lots of different buckles to keep him entertained and challenged. The colors are great, theres numbers to count on one side too. Lots of fun learning. So great!
my son is extremely happy with receiving this on his birthday!!!
2 year old niece loves her Doc McStuffins doll!
These guys are great.  Full-sized. Soft and adorable.
So huggable!!!  This is such a soft huggable toy. We bought it for our 1 yr old for his birthday and he loves it. It's just about his size so he love to hug and cuddle with it. It's a great play friend and made really well. High quality materials and holds up to lots of playing. Definietly would reccomend this plushy Donald!  The matching Mickey and Minnie are equally great... We have those too!
Great thanks  Loved it
Sure to make you smile!  I bought this for my 1 year old.  Actually I have to admit I bought this more for me and my wife.  It is so funny and is sure to put a smile on your face.  While my daughter is too young to know how to make him laugh she gets a kick out of him every time.  I haven't had any mechanical problem on my unit to this point, about 3 weeks of use.  Highly reccomended.  By far the best of the three.  Ernie is pretty good too, the Elmo is just annoying in my opinion.
Thanks  My son loved it! He was a big fan of the show. Keep up the positive service. Thank you again.
awesome Gift to give to any Futurama  awesome  Gift to give to any Futurama Fan
Endearing Richard Scarry character...  I've loved Lowly Worm since I was a little kid in the early 70's.  I couldn't pass up on this for my new baby nephew.  It's soft, bendy and just the right size (about 8.5 inches) for tiny hands.  Since I bought it for a baby, the only thing I can think would improve it is if there were a rattle or some other type of noisemaker (squeaker) in his head.  Otherwise, he's perfectly excellent.  I agree with other reviewers about the price.  When I first started looking at them they were reasonable, then the only ones I found were as high as $75, which is just plain wrong.  I waited and found it on Amazon for $14 with prime shipping.
Great product!  The fabric is super duper soft, and the dog looks realistic. The picture doesn't do it justice.
Very soft and cute
Really good.
Awesome  Good quality and my son loves them, but they came in a small package so their heads were flimsy but i don't know if yours are.
I bought this for my niece and its official pokemon merchandise! She loves it!
yay for elmo  Bought for my daughter whom had fallen in love with this toy at a friends house and I knew it would make the ideal birthday gift. Plenty of fun and worth the money
My daughter loves this doll!
great broken arm gift!  I use to babysit for a sweet little girl, unfortunately now we live a state away. When she broke her arm and had to have surgery, I came straight to Amazon to look for a gift to ship her. I found this sweet monkey along with a book! She absolutely loved it! Great gift for anyone with a broken arm!
Cute and plushy.. My daughter loves them!
Cute and soft.
I can dig that.  K.K. Slider is just plain cool. I can still remember the first time I played Animal Crossing on the GameCube and saw the little dude sitting there by himself, telling me to sit back while he played some rad riffs. Sadly, there aren't any real K.K. Slider albums out there to buy, but there is this little plush of him! There have been several stuffed K.K. Sliders over the years, and I think this is one of the best.  K.K. stands at about 7 inches tall and is super soft. This is definitely a toy that a young child could cuddle with for bed time, as I'm sure my daughter will when she opens him up in just a few weeks. It's hard to get the look of K.K. Slider wrong, given how basic his design is, and he translates to plush form here perfectly. The eyebrows, the little mellow smile, the crossed legs...you know this is! He's also sitting on a little brown cushion, which works surprisingly well. I only had to adjust it a little bit to get him to sit up on his own. The guitar looks as good as a stuffed guitar in this scale can get, with the tuners being slightly misshapen. It's not a big deal though.  K.K.'s nose is made of a hard plastic, while his eyes are sewn. Aside from the nose, there's really nothing to watch out for if you're giving this to a young kid (and even then, the nose is going to take a lot of work to remove). This stuffed K.K. Slider is a must for any fans of the game, and we'll definitely be getting the new DJ one too! The only thing that could make this toy better is if it had a sound feature and maybe if he was showing his teeth like he does when he sings. I always thought it was funny when he showed his teeth for some reason.  Don't wait, buy one today before he sells out!  ...wait, would K.K. ever sell out? He seems like more of an indie kinda guy.
Very cool  this rayquaza plushie thing is really well made. it's got a nice thick metal core that locks into place however you pose it, so it can be put pretty much anywhere. the teeth jut out at a funky angle, but that sort of thing happens sometimes, and it isn't something i get worked up over. the green color of the fabric is really vibrant, so it looks really good against muted backgrounds.
my daugher loved it.  As advertised ...my daugher loved it...thanks..now i have to buy face huggger
Who wouldn't love this? ?!!!!!
Best quality  My daughter loved it!  Best quality My Little Pony plush that I've seen.
Niece loves it
my grand niece loved the size andlook of the doll  and a great price
Great  He was made well and my grandson was so happy when he got him for his birthday. I knew i could find him on Amazon
I paid $13 for these two elves (not actually Elf on a Shelf) they were cheaper because I got them on black Friday. I got them as a pair/set. Right away I knew they were perfect for my advent calendar (which is why I bought them) and I set them out for my kiddos to play with (London is 4, Xaviar 10). Not long after a tiny bit of stuffing flew in my face. It came from this area of the wrist cuff. The other wrist was the same. Notice anything else...The sparkle pom pom came off too! It is suppose to be connected to the end of the scarf. The area on the back of the hat was coming undone as well, similar to the wrist part. All that was needed was a hot glue gun and all was fixed. They are so cute that those problems did not bother me at all. Check out my pictures to see the problem areas to decide for yourself if they are worth it. I saw another reviewer say she sewed the areas... that is an option too.
I'm happy with this purchase  Very cute and soft! I'm happy with this purchase.
Great buy
i love ugly dolls and i LOVE handsome panther, yes i do
Nice stuffed Hippo  This was a gift for a small child.  It is well made and at least looks like a real Hippo better than most.
Muppet Puppet - Love it!  love it
Great for kids!  This product is great. It is actually bigger than what it seems with bring colors and a sturdy design.
This is adorable! Perfect size for my 6 year old daughter  This is adorable!  Perfect size for my 6 year old daughter, and it's so, so soft. A great deal!
A safe, cuddly lovey  This is a small, floppy bunny that my 9 month old loves to clutch as he goes to sleep. It is safer than a square of fabric because it cannot cover his face. When he is older, it will be a sweet Easter decoration for me and a reminder of those precious baby days. That is, if he will give it up. I think this is a great baby gift, too.
My 12 year old son collects FNAF plush's.  He loves it.
Prefect set  We purchased this for our four year old daughter and she loves them!  She was so excited to get her own stuffy, lamy, chilly and halie just like doc.  They are the prefect size to go along with any other doc toys and accessories.
SO CUTE  My grandaughter loved it now we had to get one for her best friend because they would fight over it!
Toddler LOVES!  I bought this for my daughter when we started REALLY getting in to Mickey and Minnie.  Holy cow, she LOVES this!  Minnie (and Mickey, Elmo, and Pete the Cat) now have to go EVERYWHERE with us.  She sleeps with her and everything.  The plush is well made, and is holding up to LOTS of loving from a 21 month old really well.  It's also really soft.  I do worry about how to clean it, when the time comes----the ears are somewhat solid, and as such, I'm not sure putting it through the wash would go over well.
This is adorable!!!!  sings the whole song!
it is awesome!
perfect for big girls too  I want to respond to all the people who wonder if older kids would like this doll. I bought this and the Elsa plush doll for my 22 &24 year old daughters, they are in college and are the envy of the dorm. My husband thought they were way too old for these, but my oldest (very protective of her sister) says not every one has a doll of them self.  They went and saw the movie together and ever since have been referred to as Elsa and Anna.  This is great for all ages as we are all little girls inside.
Great for babies and big sibs  My five month old loves this ball! it is one of the few items he can grab and hold. He pulls it toward him by grabbing a tag, then holds it in front of him shaking it, by squashing it between 2 hands. The jingle inside is great and not obnoxious at all. Definitely recommend it. My three year old also likes to throw and catch this ball-- very easy for him to catch.
I love it. Even when I saw it it looked cute and wanted it
So cute!
Love it!!  Love it!! So big- perfect size for my 16 month old to carry around. And so soft! Nice bright color too.
adorable  the joey is stitched in so won't fall out easily which is great.  the momma kanga's face is well defined but not overly stitched which I like.
At last! Kootie Pie Koopa!  I LOVE the Koopalings and I am so excited to find out there are dolls of them now. It's been my childhood dream come true :) I had to buy Kootie Pie Koopa first! She's my absolute favorite and I AM so pleased that Amazon puts down her cartoon given name. For some of you, you might not know that in Super Mario 3 for the NES these Koopa Children did NOT possess their own names as each was reffered to as "Little Koopa" For that matter, Nintendo gave them (yes, Nintendo had their hands involved in) the cartoon series when Super Mario 3 aired on TV. WHen Super Mario World hit the USA they finally got named after pop culture stars.  I am pleased to tell everyone that Miss Wendy O. Kootie Pie  Koopa is indeed a Cutie Pie like her nickname given. She's adorably soft, she has some beads in her feet so she sits atop a shelf without needing a cushoning to keep her sitting up. Her bracelets, necklace and wand are sewn on but might not survive rough child's play so bear in mind this before giving her to your little guys ^_^ Her plush exterior feels soft like baby bunny fur.  I should mention, her necklace does not lap around her entire back, if this bothers anyone? Her shoes aren't finished like the heels she sports in the TV series if that bothers anyone as well.  I've purchased all but one of her brothers - Kooky Von "Ludwig" Koopa is sold out unfortunatly! I will be reviewing each of her brothers as they come in the mail.  If anyone has questions, please don't hesitate to ask. :)
Very cute.  Cute, well made.
Very cute!  This was really adorable, exactly the right size and good quality. I would order it again in a minute. Perfect.
derpy :)  this one looks kinda derpy but its still really cute! just like the others like it, it is a bit top heavy and tips over.
Great buy!  Nice quality and my son just loves it.  All around a GREAT buy.
for little kids  Very good quality and appropriate for litle kids
Olaf  This was sooo cute and my grand daughter, 4, loved it. It's a nice size, not too big or small. The voice box is quiet but still cute to hear all the little sayings as in the movie. She loved it and that is all that counts. :)
Such a cute puppy!!  This Maltipoo dog  is adorable. My granddaughter has a real Maltipoo and I gave this one to her for Christmas. She loves it! He looks like the real puppy.
Perfect  What's not to like, my girls collect all Mario Bros plush toys and so this is baby Luigi...check
Great for my Batman fan daughter  So cute! Great for my Batman fan daughter.
Very Good
looks amazing in the  Cute and colorful toy, looks amazing in the dark
Great quality.  My daughter loves this :)
My grandson loved it!
Perfect for the Toy Story enthusiast  My daughter LOVES this thing. Perfect for the Toy Story enthusiast.
Good purchase  My daughter is obsessed with sofia the first and clover was a great purchase to add to her sofia collection.
Mr. Bumpkins  My 8 year old son stole this from my bedroom, and sleeps with it every night. His new name is Mr Bumpkins.
so adorable!!  I love him!!  The product is a little small that I imagine it will be, but it is so cute, so, doesnt matter. I want to collect all the others ones.
May the force be with you  My three year old is obsessed with Angry Birds especially Chewbacca aka Terrbacca, this is good sized and very very soft. The perfect cuddle companion for him. We are thrilled!
The best
Perfect for my 1.5 year old  My son absolutely loves this! Great learning tool!
Great quality, and delivered quickly.
Your Pokmom fan will love it.  I ordered this for my daughter, who is a huge Pokmon fan. It's very impressive looking! Nice, soft material. I can't believe they were able to make such a nice Xerneas! It's a nice size, too. Not huge, but not teeny like many other Pokmon plush toys.
Great for the Angry Birds Star Wars fan  Got it as a gift for my nephew (he's 4) and he squealed with delight when he opened the gift. He played with them all day on Christmas.
Just what we hoped for
Soft and plushy. It came on time.
How to train your kids  This toy was bought as a reward for my children.  They decided to pick up and clean their toy room with out being asked and this ended up being their choice of reward.
Fun!!!  Bought for grandson. He loves it. He especially likes to enter act with the iPad. It is pretty cool to watch.
Bought this for my baby cousin and SHE ADORES HER BUNNIES BY THE BAY DUCKY feels silky and soft and also very cute!
My boys love it!  I've had this for several months now and it has actually withstood their abuse just fine!  Good quality and perfect size.  I do recommend this product.
Almost died when I got them!
This little buddy is well made and a fun small size  This little buddy is well made and a fun small size. Our son loved adding it to his collection!
Loved it  I bought this for my daughter's 1st birthday and she loves it
CUTE !!  Perfect for baby to grow with
Cutest little guy ever  This is the cutest little plushie of Raikou ever. The only bad thing I could find is that the little black stripes will begin to come off after some time due to the material they are made of, I am expecting somewhere around 6 months. Other then that it is a really good plushie.
My dog recently passed away and this looks so much like her. My 5 year old son sleeps with his "Juicy" every night 
Would buy again.  Very happy. :) Good quality, and very, very cuddly.
Amazing Ursula Doll  My mother looked for this doll for ages before I found it on Amazon for her.  Very giant doll, very good quality, and looks awesome on display.  She's very happy!
Whats not to like about a cute stuffed purple giraffe  Whats not to like about a cute stuffed purple giraffe.  It also arrived several weeks earlier than predicted by the site.
Branson loves Elmo
luigi  Great toy for my kids and they love it They play with it all the time.
Love it
Is very cute. And soft ^^ i got it for my little bro and he loved it. Many people were complaining that it didn't have an eye under the eyepatch and while true, i don't see a reason for it to have one in the first place considering it was covered up. But overall im glad i brought it
Great item and service
To cute
My daughter loved it!
Quick delivery!  Looks just as advertised and we received it quickly. Our little girl was very happy to add it to her  yoshi collection.
Very good quality
Super soft plush  This plush is really soft and better than I expected. Super cute! Fast shipping and arrival.
Great Gift  The plush came in just a few days and it was in  sealed envelope to prevent any damage. It was in perfect condition.
Gladiator against the Lion  I use it to catch lizards for my cat!! It works great. Lots of fun, and both the cat and small dogs love getting netted!! Me and my cat have been having months of fun playing Gladiator against the Lion!!! Hahaha
nice and soft
My grandson  is 2 and watches Barney with his very own Barney he loves it thank you
"Magic" could be a word to describe this toy  Call it Magikoopa, call it Kamek, they're about the same entity. Kamek is one of the major Mario villains, so he is definitely worth a spot in any collection. There was an utter lack of Kamek plushies, but, the folks at San-ei seemed to know that. So, as with all their other toys, comes this plushie that's bound to impress.  Kamek arrived in expected date in a plastic bag, unopened. He's very soft and he's completely stitched, like all other San-ei toys. Actually, the picture doesn't do much justice. He looks so much better in person. And San-ei has gotten every detail correct. Not only those characteristics, he's built to last. There's nothing underneath the robes, though; it's very much like Shy Guy: just a black void with shoes. I guess it would be too complex if they actually had a body underneath the robes. The wand is stitched to his hands, very much like Hammer Bro's hammer.  Kamek is a welcome addition to any Mario collection, and this toy won't disappoint any Mario fan.
Great Little Guy  Have had my Adipose for over a year now -- got him for Christmas 2010 and enjoy him every bit as much as when he first arrived. He's white, so you need to keep him from sticky fingers, but he's very durable and that face can cheer you up no matter what kind of day you've had.  Highly recommend this purchase for Doctor Who fans or anyone!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Doctor-Who-10-Adipose-Plush-Toy/dp/B001MW7HZ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Doctor Who 10" Adipose Plush Toy</a>
Funny Gall Bladder Plush!  I ordered this plush gall bladder for my daughter's friend who was having her gall bladder removed.  Perfect gift!  Shipping was super fast, too!
Perfect product and quicker than expected delivery!!
I bought this for my Granddaughter for Christmas and she Loves it..
Fluffy!  For my 5 year old nephew who LOVES all angry birds! Since the release of Star Wars angry birds he has been asking for plush too match. he has been collecting all the birds!
Perfect size for little hands!
I love Marceline!  She's really cool! She's really funny, cute, nice, and sweet! The plush is really cuddly! Although the face/head is a little messed up (not that bad) but I will still give this 5 out of 5 stars because she's still very cute!
Granddaughter loved it, Made well
Awesome!  It came smaller than I thought it would be, but it was my fault for not paying attention to the size. But still, this is very cute to look at and squeeze every now and then. One of my favorite Ugly Dolls. I also like the little snippet of info on the tag it came with.
Excellent!  My son loves it!
Love him! My kids were so happy
Spirited away will always hold a special place in my heart. No face is a really cool oni. I did not know they made this till I was older. Too bad they didn't have this when I was a kid. I would have loved to own it then.
Cute monster animal!
It's not easy keeping a 22 month old busy  Grandson loves the buckling and unbuckling !!! It's not easy keeping a 22 month old busy... he's very energetic!!!
Best dog ever  So realistic as well as soft and lovable!
My son loves it!
It's so cute and adorable and precious and I love it  It took a really long time to arrive but it's finally here. It's so cute and adorable and precious and I love it! It's super soft!
Excellent  I did not realize how nice these cables were. Hefty gold plated connectors and the large diameter cable is very flexible. I had no problem fishing these through the maze of the cables and components in my entertainment center. Audio signal is excellent. I am very happy with them.
Happy Bedtime  My grandson absolutely loves it!
I need it  I need it for my video
My 2 year old loves Clover!  My two year old picked this one out herself. She threw it while I was changing her and it landed in the nearby toilet. Ran through the wash (in a lingerie bag), ran through a low heat dry cycle and clover is just fine! Still feels soft and cuddly. She loves her clover bunny, and holds it by the ears. Takes her abuse and keeps going.
Very cute! The fabric is soft and the stitching etc. looks great. I'm excited to give this to my friend for her birthday. The tag has her profile as well (albeit in Japanese), which was a pleasant surprise!
There is a serious lack of FNAF licensed product out there. This one is and the quality is there. Son loves it !
It was perfect!
Beautiful
absolutely love him  I bought this for my son, he is a huge fan of the games. He was surprised and delighted. made well, good stitching, and exactly as pictured. received promptly.
love unemployed philosophers guild plushies
Cook Kirby!!  All of the Kirby Ability plushies are worth it!! They are made very well & very soft, colorful, & cuddly. I reccommend them to EVERYONE!!! :}
Llama Lama  I bought it for my son and he sleeps with it every night. He loves to have it while reading his Llama Llama books and likes taking it to school for show and tell.
Good Product  Received this product and it was exactly what I had hoped for in terms of quality, well packaged and child fell instantly in love.
Christmas Present  My Daughter -in -Law loved it. Big fan Of Dorothy, Oz, and has seen "Wicked" 3 times! Big hit.
Very nice and simple knife  Very nice and simple knife. I purchased this for my father for Christmas. It's the perfect size to carry in a pocket.
Beautiful quality! Love it.
Pokemon  cute worth the money and arrived sooner than expected.
Way better than the other option out there!  This toys is so cute! My girls love it. It plays very nice songs that are pleasant and not annoying at all. Plus, at night when you light it up, you get to see a sweet adorable face, as Appleseed to the other brand of light up night time toy in which all you get is a glowing stomach. Would you rather cuddle up to a sweet face or a plain stomach? You have the option of just the glow, or glow and music. We love this toy.
Good Quality, Good Price  Exactly what my daughter wanted. Good Quality ty, Good Price.
kids love it.
Absolutely adorable!!! :)  My daughter had been asking for a purple pony for the LONGEST time.  I could not find anything except Minimum, Sofia's horse until I found this.  Some sellers had this one for nearly $50 which is ridiculous...this price was much better.  The horse is very good quality...typical of Barbie things and my daughter is smitten. Cute glitter accents, lovely purple hair.
My nephew loved this toy....and we were even surprised that it talked :)
Angry birds  You should ask yourself do i really need this....Why yes..I do. I love my angry birds star wars collection.  Can't wait to complete the set with Yoda !
Must have for Hello Kitty collectors
Awesome Two in one !!  WOW!!! So glad to find this gorgeous dress 2 in one and price is so much cheaper than buy 2 dolls, haha This is the only plush that Anna is in the coronation dress~~~ Really love this one!!!!!
Good toy  It's a funny toy children love it.
Great Gift  This was a great gift!  Such a cute doll! Looks exactly like it does in the picture. My two year old niece loved it! Great for any little ones that love the disney movies.
This little guy is amazing quality and my daughter loves it  This little guy is amazing quality and my daughter loves it! We get compliments on Porkchop wherever we go. All the little pieces (headband, belt) have held up to pulling and buying without so much as a popped stitch.
Cute and larger than described.  Bought two for my two grandkids.  They love the movie and stuffed animals.  The dimensions are incorrect on the details.  It's about 7" long.
Perfect size for a 9month to 12month old child.  He LOVES it!
Cute!!  It's so cute and small!! I love Bender B. Rodriguez and all of futurama! Great for any fan!!
perfect fit for 18 month daughter  My daughter loves Elmo.  This was just the right size for her.  Quality, likeness to character was great, and nice and soft.
Beautiful!  This is a beautiful doll. My granddaugher is thrilled and I am too!
Success!  Made a great birthday gift for my best friend. (:
cute face well built
Great
Adorable! It's big enough to snuggle with, too!
Who doesn't love Pluto?!  Shipped quickly, authentic, super soft, and adorable. Already purchased more items from this seller.
My daughters FAVORITE toy  Gund makes great quality products.  Boo is soft and looks very similar to his storybook photos.  I have washed him several times and the fur and seams have not changed in quality.  This Boo is also perfect size for a toddler to hug and hold.  Very happy with this purchase.
Cute little stuffed elephant for nursery.
He is awesome and I love him  Received this as a gift from my wishlist. He is awesome and I love him.
Beautiful workmanship and quality, lifelike features.  Feels like a real cuddly animal, not a cheap knockoff. Will have to order from this company again, really nice quality and look.
My daughter absolutely LOVES this toy!
Excellent product!  I love him! He's so adorable although a bit smaller than I was expecting. He makes a nice addition to my desktop decorations at work.
Very cute and good quality.  Ordered for a friend, came with tags on and wrapped. Very cute and good quality.
Adorable Plush  This plush is adorable! He is just about the size of a beanie baby, so not very large, but I knew this when I purchased him.  The price is definitely worth it for the detail put into this little plushie Tuxedo Mask.  He has bright blue stitched on eyes under his mask and his costume has cute little button details.  I would definitely recommend him to all Sailor Moon fans!
Perfect!  It's so cute!  It looks just like the picture.  It's well-made and looks great!
Yay!!!  I love him!!! He's adorable!! Came way sooner than I expected too!
Super cute!  Awesome! I was so excited to receive this cute plush! Good quality!!
Beautiful Olaf!!  Kids love this!!
Will make you dance with Joy.  I love this one! I sleep with her and Sadness all the time! Very adorable, looks pretty much just like Joy, except her dress looks kinda more green than yellow (possibly because of herblue aura.) Her eyes and hair shine, and she is covered in sparklies. Will make any fan Joyful.
My new nephew's bedroom is outdoor sports theme. This fit in perfectly. His dad loved it as it is not the normal teddy bear gift. Very colorful and a great size. It even came with a tag with info on the type of fish it is and info on it. It will not be used as a play toy until he is much older because it is a choking hazard. But until then it will be fun to look at!
Great Quality! My 3 year old love it.
lovely
"Cute and soft" - Girlfriend  Girlfriend loved this as a gift!
Perfect for toddler who loves to buckle!  My child's favorite toy. My 1 year old started to buckle anything she could find- car seat, stroller, etc, so this is a real treat for her. We use it in the car, at home, and anytime we want to keep her occupied for at least 5 minutes. She is 19 months now and as soon as you show her this, or say "where is your whale?" she will drop everything else to buckle. She has started to unzip the zipper too. The best part is she is only half way through mastering this as she hasn't figured out how to unbuckle and zip yet! It's super easy in the car- she hands it to us when they are all buckled and I undo them and hand it back. She LOVES it!!! She can work with this for 30-60 minutes at a time sometimes.
Its so soft!
Cute & a new favorite.  Just as pictured. Great little stuffed animal. My daughter loves him and sleeps with this guy on her pillow each night.
Perfect! Thank you!
I love!
Elmo  My granddaughter is in love with Elmo and this one is so soft. She sleeps with it every night and carrys it everywhere with her.
great quality, arrived on time  As shown, great quality, arrived on time, packaged safely
Fantastic plush  Great quality stitching and has accurate colors. Whoever buys this will not be disappointed or have any complaints about the overall quality.
Very nice and fluffy
Cute  Cute stuffed animal for a nemo lover!
Awesome toy, my yr old granddaughter loves it!!!
Cam exactly as advertised, nothing fishy when you order from reputable seller.  This product came exactly as advertised.  Was no mishapen, fat, or poorly done.  The only time that happens is when you order from a third party seller and not from a legitimate seller like TOMY.  My girlfriend loves it and enjoys it everyday!
My Son love it!  Awesome, my 18 year old Son loved him and has him hanging from the frot of his Drum set. I look cool!
AMAZING!
Super cute  Super cute and it is my tiny chihuahua's favorite toy (along with the Navy boy itty bitty) LOL
its perfect  It's so small but I use it to calm me down while I drive or in class.
Very cute elmo  Sings cute songs, lot of fun features for kids. my son loves it and he pretty soft so they can snuggle it.
They love BIGGIE  My grandkids LOVE this Biggie doll.
Very easy for him to hold  My 5 month old nephew LOVES gnawing on this book. Very easy for him to hold.  Hopefully he'll enjoy reading it soon too. :)
Loved and cherished  It is ADORABLE! I loved this movie ever since i was in my teens' and when i bought this for my niece i didn't know how she would take it, I mean the smile is kind of creepy. But when I got it I was a thousand percent sure she would love it, and she did. It's not big like the photo illusions you into beliveing it is, but its not small, its the same size as any plush doll around, and according to the birthday girl its 'fluffy' and 'just what she wanted'
8" Long Ponyo Plush Doll  We bought the Ponyo DVD/Movie for our 2 year old Daughter and she as well as us (my Wife and I) simply loved it...so we had to buy the Doll. My Daughter loves it and doesn't go anywhere without it.
Very well made and very bright  My son loves this toy,he only likes it before he goes to sleep and when he wakes up other that that he doesn't really play with it, the light inside the little bear is very bright and blue at night that it will make your eyes kind of hurt if you look directly at it, it lights up the whole room with blue, the toy also actually sounds like Daniel tiger.
Excellent toy  Excellent toy for my niece, she love it
Great buy  The plushie is very cute, and arrived very fast. Only complaint is that didn't bring a box or someting, only a platic bag so not appears as an original product. Overall I)'m very happy with my buy and I'll buy again fron this seller.
love cookie
Super cute and super soft. Bought it as a gift for my friend and he loved it.
Excellent!
Great for 5 year old  My son received this for Christmas and loves it. At first it changed personalities often but now is most often a fun party personality because that is what my son prefers and either it has picked up in this or this is how he has played with it. 5 stars for this. Love the AI I'm this one.
Fabulous!  My 2-1/2 year old Little Blue Truck book enthusiast loved the little blue truck toy which beeped back at him!  Packed carefully, sent quickly.  Thanks so much.
I recommend doing the same  I actually got this for our 'HR' person at my office. I recommend doing the same. It's a nice addition to our office.
Very good quality.  our son who loves Trolls loves him! He sleeps with him every night. Very good quality.
Ludo is too cute as this adorable plushy. He was almost impossible to give away...
Kitty! (Monster's INC stuffy)  I bought this for my little girl, (2yr) and she loves it. It's very soft and stitched well, doesn't look like it will come un-sewn anytime soon.
Heartless Plush  My 6 year old son loves the Kingdom hearts games and he loves his little heartless plush. He thinks its pretty cool! The antennas are bendy and can be reshaped in different positions.
Cake is a lie!!!  This Weighted Companion Cube is like my other Weighted Companion Cube but at least she makes me sammiches. cake/5 will buy again!
Great-grandson Loves It  My great-grandson is one-year old and he loves this stuffed toy.  It is very soothing and he holds on to it in the car seat and when he goes to bed.  I priced it at several stores and on Amazon.  I do not understand why it is so much more expensive in the stores.  I bought mine on Amazon.com, but would gladly pay the additional cost at a store just to see its calming effect.
Love this! Especially the soft hair material it makes it cuddly
what's not to like?  It's a stuffed animal of the world's cutest dog.  End of story.  I need to do four more words.  Yeah!
Good quality item  Larger than I anticipated. Good quality item. This will absolutely be the crown jewel of my xmas decorating for years to come.
Really cute Olaf doll  I recomended this for everyone that love disney frozen the movie, especially for your daughter,because my little daughter love him so much..
perry is his best friend  we had to buy this for our son.  when we went to disney we only had so much spending money and i told them to wait until we were ready to leave to pick out their stuffed animal.  being 9 of course, my son had to have one once our daughter picked hers and he went home with winnie the pooh.  this made him very very happy.
sweet little hello kitty for my grand daughter... my daughters favorite color ..
My niece is a real fun of this toy!  Very funny how kids react having Elmo at home, his voice is really realistic! My niece is a real fun of this toy!
I'm happy about getting it  I'm happy about getting it. But when it came in it was so small. Disappointed in the size for the price I payed for it
Crock in Socks Rocks!!!  Super cute and fun baby gift
So sweet  I collect ferret stuffed animals so naturally when I saw this was available I just had to get it.  Who could resist a cute little ferret plush in a princess outfit?  Definitally a cute gift :)  Not to mention unique!!!!
Cute
Just like the picture. Very cute. Kids love it.
Very cute and comfortable - even fits adult men. lol  I got these for a Dinosaur/Godzilla fan for his 8th birthday, both his dad and myself modeled them for the birthday guests and they fit us both great. Fun for all ages, very big and comical. :c)
Bad BAD BAD Funny Minions!  Bought this for my niece and she just LOVES him. His hair is great! And she loves to drag him around by his long arms.
Great quality my daughter loves it
Grandkids are hooked  You should have seen their faces when they got these in the mail.  Worth the price to see them happy.
Plant vs Zombie lovers "must have"!  The pea shooter stuffed animals from Plants and Zombies are adorable!  I bought these for my husband since he loves to play that game.  However, I think the kids are going to try and take them!  Here is what I like about them:  1. They are soft and can be cuddled.  2.  They are as cute as they can be!  3. There are 2 of them so they can be played with together.  4.  They can still stand up on their own if you want them to.  5. They are the perfect size for a child's hands to hold.  6. I probably will not use this - but a cute little suction cup is attached to the top if you want to hang them,  Warning though - I would cut this off of you let a tiny child play with it...as it could be a choking hazard.  (I did not remove a star for that though because common sense tells you to remove it if giving it to a small child)  As you can see from the picture it is about the same size as a 15.5 ounce drink can.  I did receive this at a discount for my honest review.  They sent me the product prior to review and were not guaranteed a good review.  I really liked the product.
Best Stitch Plushie Ever! <3  This is a really super, super-duper, cute, soft, high-quality Stitch plushie. In fact, I have a lot of Stitch plushies, but I don't think I'm going to need to buy anymore, because I think I've found the very best one. =) In case you are wondering if this is a truly authentic Disney Parks plush, mine definitely is. It is top quality and has the Disney Parks tush tags and hang tags. All the writing inside the hang tag is (I think) Chinese, so I believe this plushie came from Hong Kong Disneyland. I ordered it via Prime (2-day delivery), so Stich was obviously being stored in the States. He seems to understand English (big relief as I don't speak Chinese or Hawaiian! =)), and has adjusted nicely to being part of my ohana. =) This Stitch is (as stated in the description here on Amazon) EXTREMELY soft! He has a slight "floppy" feeling to him that makes him irresistibly huggable! I like him even better than my Disney Store Stitch, because he has soft ears that lie down the sides of his head, giving him a vulnerable, slightly sad look that completely melts my heart! I also like how his arms are also slightly floppy feeling...he is more cuddly than my beloved Disney Store Stitch. Just so sweet!! =) I wasn't sure about spending so much for another Stitch when I already have quite a few (!!!), but I'm so glad I did! This Stitch is really special and most definitely the star of my collection! <3
Great quality for the price - not your average cheap stuffy - came the size I was expecting (about medium - not tiny but not as large as your child) very soft - this will be a new bedtime favorite.
Classic Toy  Passing a little part of my childhood onto the next generation.  The Gloworm is so cute and when the face lights up it's even more adorable.  I bought two for my nieces and am so happy to give a toy to them that I remember having growing up.  Definitely buy on amazon its only $10 and at the store it's $14.  Classic Toy!!!
Love it, so soft, excellent quality. Service excellent, great packaging. Thank you
gift for my daughter, she loves it.
Cute  True to size, my nephew loves it.
She wanted a Miss Piggy so bad but I couldn't find one in any stores  My mother and I are huge Muppets fans. She wanted a Miss Piggy so bad but I couldn't find one in any stores. She loves this doll so much. Worth every penny for Miss Piggy lovers.
Adorable Bear.
What a way to foster imagination!  I purchased these for my 3 year old son because I remembered how much fun I had playing with them while I was in preschool.  They are so durable and easy to put together.  And being that they are from Melissa and Doug, you can expect quality on this one!  They ARE pricier than some competitor products, but SO worth the extra cost.  My son even stacked them one on top of the other until he had made himself a "ladder"to unlatch the front door (NOT recommended!!!!) and they didn't even break under his 40 lbs of weight!  All in all, would buy these again because there are no bells, whistles or lights to annoy you...just simply your child's imagination and creativity-what could be better than that?
So cute and great quality.....
Was a legit Pokemon center plush No problems at all
Tough, like an Enderdragon should be.  We've owned this "big" guy for about 3 months now. Not a single stitch has come out of place, and my 6 year old drags it everywhere we go.
Cute hanging out in my room...  I just love the cute, fun, soft, and cuddly Ugly Dolls... What more can I say?  Everyone seems to love them.  Who knows?  Maybe they will help little kids stop being afraid of "monsters"... Just tell them that monsters are scared of the Ugly Dolls.  :-D  I'm 43 years old and have 4 of them in my room, and have had NO issues with monsters coming into my room at night, nor are there any monsters in my closet or under my bed.  If I could add pictures I could show everyone how monster-free my room is.  Hard to believe, but true!  :-P
So cute
but this one has to be my favorite! High quality and came with pokemon center tag  Purchased many different pokemon plushies, but this one has to be my favorite! High quality and came with pokemon center tag.
Super cute
Yaaaay Elmo!  Great toy.  My son loves to clip this toy to anything he can.
My daughter loves it
This worked well as part of a centerpiece at my daughters baby shower.
CUTE!  Cute and soft!.  Good price and good size. My 6 year old daughter in love with this.  I bought other elves for her before. She likes this one the best.  I will buy another one for her 4 year old cousin next year.
Adorable!!  Will be perfect in my little girl's nursery. :)
Ty Beanie Baby  It was processed with no problem and was sent very quickly and i was very pleased with the entire purchase and i will definately be doing it again!!
My goddaughter loves this toy. It put a smile on her face when she saw it.
Looks great and good price for the size  I got this to go with the ghostbuster plush I ordered for my sons birthday and it is a great size to go with it. Slimmer looks great in person. My little boy will be so excited!
possible chinese knock-off  upon receipt of this item, there were several things that I noticed that appear different from the images and description. my miku is actually not poseable, and she has her signature leek in her hand, which only appears in 1 of the manufacturer images. the product tag also reads that it's a "miku hachune" nendroid plus. I'm not really complaining about the differences, as I still enjoy my new miku plush. the quality is still good, miku is adorable, and very hugable.
Good quality toy  great quality, my son loves it, I find it ridiculous that I am required a certain amount of words for this. Very annoying.
Cuddly, sweet, little friend  Elmo brings a smile to our grand baby every time. He is made of very soft fabric. There isn't anything fancy or high tech about this toy. He is a cuddly, sweet little friend. The toy is light-weight and just the right size for a toddler.
Cuddly and soft - Love it.  Bought this as a gift for a newborn baby girl.  This little guy is cuddly and soft.  The colors are wonderful. Love it.
very good
as  as advertised
Super cute and nice size  as expected.  Super cute and nice size.  Fast delivery!
This is absolutely adorable
Adorable  This was way cuter than the other TY option. Yes the nose area has a thread that comes off, but it isn't necessary, so we just cut it off.
Very cute and big 5star
Better than we Expected!  I ordered this plush for son's easter basket and I was pleasantly surprised. It was really soft and Made out of good material. My son loves holding this plush when he watches Sesame Street, My husband was even very happy with the quality of this Elmo. Love it!
A perfect little Boston!  We gave this to our infant grandson when he was about six months old. He kisses it all the time thinking it is just as real as our two Boston Terriers. Very cute, the right size, and perfect in every way!
It's really larger than I even expected and super soft and flexible  Purchased as a gift for an 8 yo boy and he hasn't slept a night without it since he got it. It's really larger than I even expected and super soft and flexible. Great item and shipped/packaged perfectly.
Super cute. Half the price of weeki wachee  We went to weeki wachee and my daughter saw these same mermaids for $20! After a quick search, I found these exact same ones so a week after our trip she got mail and 4 mermaids!!! She loves them & plays with them daily.
Got it as a gift for a close friend who is a fan of pokemon and deers. She loves it :)
Loved it!  Some posted that they felt this was not as describe but I found this Elmo exactly as described! Our Granddaughter loved it!
Quick and great quality  The shipping was quick and came in great quality. My niece loves this and plays with it all the time.
Cute, cuddly, and everything I hoped for.  This was a birthday gift for my younger sister, and she absolutely loves the dolls! They arrived on time, undamaged, and are unbelievably cute. Very happy with my purchase!
This was perfect to replace an old George that had fallen in paint and wouldn't come clean.
Love it
I get some good laughs out of it  Just what I expected, big fan of Iron Man and everyone knows it now. I get some good laughs out of it!
but it's great for fine motor and she will grow with it  My 19 mo really likes it.  It's still a bit difficult for her to do all the buckles and she can't undo them yet, but it's great for fine motor and she will grow with it.
My Son Loved It  It was exactly what my son wanted and he was so happy to find this in his Christmas stocking. It came when promised and was exacyptlynS described.
I purchased this for my four-year-old niece's birthday.  I wasn't there to see her open it in person, but my sister sent me a video.  My niece was thrilled.  She noted how soft the giraffe was.  Big win for the uncle.
My grandson loved it
... of the Lilo and Stitch movie so this was perfect. She loves it  My daughter is a huge fan of the Lilo and Stitch movie so this was perfect. She loves it, takes it everywhere. Very well made plush.
Great product  My daughter loves her gru doll. He is very good quality and looks just like the picture.
It's very cute and my son loves it. Thank you
Good quality and very cute!  I bought this item for my niece and she loved it! It's well made with it's cozy (little) blanket and it's also very soft and huggable. Very happy with this purchase.
well made and super cute
This was purchased as a back-up unit for my toddler who received her first as a gift. She loves her "Beba" and won't go to bed without it. It's incredibly soft and so cute!
very happy with ender dragon
My daughter loved it!
sweet
My great nephew really loved it.  He got so excited when I handed it to him.
Perfect  This plushie is perfect! She arrived 6 days early, was made in great size and quality, and is a perfect sleeping buddy. I love her!
A Must for Yo Gabba Gabba Fans  My son really loves these, the size is great and definitely worth the price for all three. Mine were all high quality with no stitching issues, soft and easy for toddlers to drag around, cuddle, and sleep with. Very happy with my purchase
Great find for the price  My daughter loves Sailor Moon and Tuxedo Mask. Tuxedo Mask is hard to find so this was a great find. Quality is so so but worth the money.
Co- worker loved it! Woo-Hoo!
We love Sharks.  This is an awesome shark. My son is obsessed with sharks and was ecstatic to get his Hammerhead shark. Great quality and larger than I expected!
Nothing quite like the sight of Chewie getting a piggy back  Brilliant Chewbackpack. Originally saw these in Universal Studios, FL.  I was thrilled at the opportunity to buy one for my daughter.  It is utilitarian as a back pack, but not a lot of space.  Nice faux fur & details. Well made for play.
He is my new sleeping buddy.
Baby boy loves this toy  Did my sons room in the peek a boo monster theme and had to get this plush for his crib. Its made real well. Its soft and big. He loves to chew on its ears.
Perfect if you love Rudolph.  This little guy was the perfect addition to our little plush family.  My only complaint is that his shoes started peeling shortly after we got him.  The black coating comes  off everywhere, but once it's gone then it's not a problem.  You just have to tolerate finding black plastic everywhere for a few months.
This is the perfect gift for any fan of Dragon ball z  The product arrived sooner than expected,the product is larger than I expected. This is the perfect gift for any fan of Dragon ball z!
Nice stuff toy  We bought this toy for our 14 month old son - He loves it.  I just wanted to get him a nice, stuffed, non-talking Elmo and this one is perfect.  Not too big, but big enough to cuddle.
Adorable. Way cuter than expected
he loved it.  Bough it for my grandson, he loved it.
WOW!! I Love These Slippers!  I go to Amazon because for one thing, I count on good reviews to influence some purchases.  When I first saw these slippers I was delighted!  Then I read the reviews and wanted to add my own that these slippers truly ROCK!  I was afraid I would frighten my grandkids with them but my daughter said they'll think I'm the coolest Grandma on Earth!  They are not cheaply made, that's for sure.  They are very sturdy and have hard soles so you can walk around the grocery store so people think you are weird.  I'm going to!  The eye popping shoe is a real winner, and my daughter, with a little experimentation, figured out a way to place the eye in its socket so that one only needs to flex their foot and POP!  Out it comes!  We love Halloween around our house and always will.  All Grandchildren are indoctrinated to trick or treating early on.  And it's gorgeous items like this that keep the kid in me from never growing up.  :)
the best nails , just wish the shipper would be more careful  Not much to say really, these are THE nails to use with PORTA-NAILS nailer's , great tools , great fastening system for wood flooring. I just wish the delivery folks would handle the box more carefully or maybe they could be double boxed in a more rigid box.
Prompt and the toy was better than expected (very soft).
Love the cross in the foot  This was darling! I gave it to my grand child for his christening! Love the cross in the foot!
students love it.
Great price for a Trudi!  Sweet Trudi plush, for the best price around!
Gift for a friend's daughter who adored it. So cute.
Great item at a great price!
great thanks!
Fun activity toy.
Cute little guy  Purchased for my daughter who loves Gremlins. She loves her little Gizmo. It is well made and adorable.
Very nice Garfield!  Very cute! Great quality Garfield! Love him!
My son loves this thing.  It's soft and mine-crafty. :)
Adorable!  Pua is so cute!  My daughter is going to love her! This Pua is the perfect size to go with the toddler Moana doll. Can't wait to see my daughter's face Christmas morning!
IF YOU ARE A LUCARIO FAN YOU MUST HAVE THIS!!!!!  any Lucario/Mega Lucario fan will want this, end of story no if or but's about it. BUY IT!!!! NOW!!!!!! (only if you are a Lucario fan if not stay away from this, LONG LIVE LUCARIO/MEGA LUCARIO)
Grinch doll  So glad to find this cute guy, was perfect for my Grinch punch at Ugly Sweater Party. ok price.
Perfect size  Cute , not expensive. Perfect size
it is great my daughter was over the moon for it ..
This toy is Awesome.  My grandson loves it!
Grandson fell in love with this.
Daughter absolutely loves her vulpix
Great for kids to sleep with
Perfect  Very pleased.  Nonny is my nieces favorite Guppy so I bought this for Christmas.  It's well made and is about 9" tall.  For the price, it's an excellent value and I know she's going to be thrilled!
5 Stars!!!  Love it! My son loves Rudolph and I can't wait to give it to him for his first Christmas!!!
Well made and cuddly.  Purchased for my grandson - he loves Peter!
Great quality! Thank you  Arrived early and as pictured.  Great quality! Thank you
Perfect for young kids.  Bought these for my granddaughter's birthday. Super cute!
Super cute doll  Super cute
Most important, our granddaughter Loretta loves her CUDDLEKINS JUMBO SLOTH
I am super excited and happy that I got my package  Received my L plushie today!!!! I am super excited and happy that I got my package. :D
smaller then I expected
Protector of the Desk  He sits at my desk so happy. I love him, his quality, size is quite nice and big and he isn't bothersome. Doesn't bother my desk space and makes the atmosphere comfortable. Stitching is good and Fabric is not rough. I'd say the only problem is he looks like he has a butt-crack, but he's up against the wall so no one will see it. I should also note his hands are kinda stubby, but it's not ugly.
Authentic Mojang plushie! My son loves it!
Great buy  Bought this to replace a worn out engine on my old wood splitter. It was delivered in a very timely manor. Less than a week with free shipping. It was packed very well and arrived in excellent condition. Mounted it on the splitter and everything worked back perfectly. Added oil and gas then pulled the cord twice and off it went. Very pleased with it's power and ease of starting. Great buy.
it was a great buy. I love  It's so cute!!! Although the package was delayed, it was a great buy. I love it
Exactly what I expected and what I was looking for.... Thank you
My kid loves this - can't get enough....which just means I need to order more!
The kids loved.
My 2 1/2 year old granddaughter loved it.  Very cute and amazingly soft. My 2 1/2 year old granddaughter loved it.
Mothra, she'll rescue us, and return us to our island!  High quality. Stands up to years of play. Wonderful to see my children playing with a childhood icon of my own.  Perfect size. Beautiful coloration. Much more articulated than expected.  Very much worthwhile purchase.
my son loves this! i got him the Zombie time shirt to match. its a big hit!
Just the cutest
Awesome!  My four year old LOVES it.  Great size, great material, just an overall good product.  Great gift for Mickey lovers.
VERY cute. Bought several for myself, several as add-on gifts. 
Not too loud  Cute toy that is a good size. I like that the elastic attaches the parts and it doesn't come apart. Has a decent number of phrases from the movie and isn't too loud. Quality appears good and should hold up well with play.
Well made.  My grandson loves it. Just what he wanted.
Nice.  My friend got this for me as a gift and I love it! Really good quality and it's bigger than I thought it would be.
So cute!  This is adorable and my grandson loves it!  He is 14 months. It lead his parents to purchas Sniffels Bert!
my granddaughter love it
perfect gift for mom dad and baby!!!!!!
she is well built from a plush collector's prespective.  i love my rubi. she is well built from a plush collector's prespective. seams are very nice n tight and consisant, the embordery is great. the hair is pinned to one side permantly i wish i could have taken it down to resyle.... and her boots don't come off but i suppose kids loose stuff. the stuffing is very high density and she should hold up to anyone's kids w/o clumping. my only surpise is how stuff she is and slighty heavy for a "plush" item of her size...but not by much. i wish she was easyer to move besides lifting her by her neck but then i'm not a kid who would probly be hugging around her middle. over all a great find for my collection.
Great quality and price
So soft and cute  A perfect size for toddlers.  Sometimes it's a bit tricky to get it to bark, but it's so soft and cute and lovable that it's still a big hit with my granddaughter.
My Granddaughter loves teletubbies
I did not think my grandson would like this much as he is turning 10  I did not think my grandson would like this much as he is turning 10, but he seems to really like it!
happy mom  My son is overjoyed with this surprise gift. I'm overjoyed with the fact that it was shipped so quickly.
Adorable!  Adorable!
Great plush.  Got this for my son for christmas. Its a good size and seems durable. An instant favorite. Highly recommended.
Give a hoot, buy this toy!  [Edit: Amazon bundles all the different animals together when you review the product. I was about to review the plush giraffe as well, but got a notification saying only one review per item. The main review here is for the owl, though the giraffe is just as good! He's constructed equally great, with nothing to worry about as far as safety is concerned. If the giraffe and owl are this good, then there's a good chance that all the others are of high quality too. I'm very impressed with these toys.]  Looking for a good plush toy for your baby that has zero safety issues? The Skip Hop Owl here fits the bill perfectly! It's huge, extremely soft and very well-made. It may not look like much in the stock image above, yet when I opened the shipping box, I was amazed by how big the toy actually is. Babies will adore this owl, no matter how young they may be, even if all they do is chew on it.  This is a basic toy with no electronic features or anything, so there's not a whole lot more to say about it. There are only so many ways I can tell you that it's soft and cuddly. There are no small parts that might come off, as the eyes are sewn rather than plastic. Trust me when I say that this toy is worth the price given how big it is. It's a must for any baby's room where the theme is owls or has a lot of the same colors that make up this toy.
How can you NOT like Boo!
It was just as expected and it actually came early.
Cute little plush  My daughter loves Sadness....it came in swiftly and she was very pleased.  About 12 inches...give or take.  Had a kinda gross smell to it so I put her in a pillowcase with a downy dryer sheet and ran it through at low temp for about 10 minutes...it kinda freshened her up.  Made her smell better.  My daughter is highly satisfied and I am too.
Such fun. Be careful when pulling out the tab too quickly or the lights won't work.
Cute  Purchased as a gift for a friend.  Product was as expected.  Arrived as scheduled and in good condition.
Too cute!  My daughter wanted either a Domo or stuffed panda for a birthday gift, and this killed the proverbial two birds with one stone.  Cute accent for Domo fans.
Prompt delivery - great quality
Fantastic  This was a wonderful purchase - the containers are solid and easy to use. I have since purchased similar containers of other brands, and none come close to the quality of these. Money well spent!!
Perfect! !  Perfect !!!!! Excactly what I was looking for. Going to be a birthday present for a 4 year old. Thanks
Cute little friend  So cute!  Very good quality, soft, and a great size for a child to carry around!  We have had it for a few weeks now and it is not showing any wear and seems to be very well made.
Perfect
I love hims  its very nice and constructed well. have had it for a long time now and no complaints. good for fans of the game
link  i am very happy with this product he is soo cute and very well made i love it and it was shipped very quickly
Best Parasaurolophus plushie ever!!!! :) Very soft and very realistic;
Well done  A very nicely done stuffed animal.  Well made, nice size, onformation card attached. Enjoyed by 6yr old.
Very cute and a good size.  My 3 year old will love it!
Thank you for a great back pack  Thank you for a great back pack. We had seen them at Disneyworld and my bf wanted one. Our vacation was over and I forgot to buy him one. When he received it, he loved it. Thank you for a great product.
Chibi is so pretty! Looks amazing in my collection
beanie baby  I love hello kitty,I got this for my granddaughters Easter basket. I want to get her going on h.kitty also. She loves to dance so I figured the ballerina would be up her alley.
Four year old grandson got for Christmas and loved it.  It is larger than I expected and very very soft. Olaf works out of the box (extremely difficult to remove) but you need extra batteries for the snowflake control.  Snowflake buttons were not easily understood to me but I didn't read the directions either.
FAV  Really nice and cute! Pretty small but my cousin wouldn't put it down for a second!
great
I love this elmo  Got this elmo for my two year old and she cant put it down I love it !
Everything I Hoped For  Bought this as a gift and it could not have gone better! The quality is excellent and he immediately bought a different plushie to complement this one.
Boo  This was bought as a "extra" Boo for our one-year old granddaughter.  She already has one, but he is starting to look a little rough.  She takes Boo everywhere with her, sleeps with him and sits him on the dining room table when she is eating.  She absolutely loves this stuffed animal.
SUPERFUNDIFEROUS FELINE...  My 17 month old just adores the movie so I had to find a plush toy for him. This is excellent. He loves his 'CAT!'  $26 well worth it.
Very satisfied!  My daughter absolutely loves this!  So lifelike!  Very satisfied!
It was great!  I wasn't sure how it would go over as a gift, but it was recognized and appreciated. Perfect size and shape.
He's soft and adorable. Grew for a nontraditional stuffed animal.
Looks exactly like the picture  Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and I just know it's going to be a hit. Looks exactly like the picture.  Sooo cute!
Adorably ugly baby hogger!  If you've played wow since vanilla and know the hogger quest in elwynn Forrest.. must have.. too cute!! I think it's actually from another blizzard game (hearthstone) but for me he's originally from Warcraft so.. either way!
Necessity!  My son won't let this go!! Uses it every night, and since he can play his own music when he wakes up in the night, he doesnt cry for me!
excelent  it looks so much a like to the character from the serie, plus it had the original tag which was amazing!
... wife did not play ff14 but she fell in love with these little guys  The wife did not play ff14 but she fell in love with these little guys. She absolutly loves his fluffy mane.
Very appealing doll. Grandkids are going to love this for Christmas!  Happy to find this cute little Troll doll. I'm betting these will be all gone by Christmas. Happy I got mine early!
Good buy  My mom has these in her yard and loves them. Cast iron, sturdy, should last for years.
Needs a 10 star rating !  This is the finest stuffed animal I ever purchased. There was absolutely no "shedding" on this adorable sloth. The fur was  very soft and well  made. The face is so authentic and cute (as sloths go). My animal loving granddaughter (10 years old) fell in love with it and didn't let it go, even at dinner.  I plan to use this company for all future purchases.
My grandson loved this gift
awesome  My son Jake bought this for his girlfriend that loves narwhals and she loves it just as much as Jake. Great gift for a girl that likes narwhals
Love this for my Wonder Woman collection.
A fashion statement  These are awesome.  My 16 year old daughter would wear them to the prom if they matched her dress.  Oy!
such a beautiful little doll  The fabric was soft and the doll is absolutely beautiful.  My Granddaughter loves it.  The seams are soft and the quality of the stitching is perfect.  What a beautiful little doll.  Worth every dime!
I received Let's Imagine Elmo from Bzzagent thanks to Playskool.  I gave Elmo five stars since my 2 year old loves him and I do too.  I love how kids are drawn to Elmo and while they are playing they are also learning. My only concern is that the hats are a little tough for my little guy to switch on his own, he needs a little help.  No big deal.
This is the best soft elmo  This is the best soft elmo! My son loves this elmo and takes him every where. The eyes on this Elmo are very hard plastic and if it were thrown it might hurt if you get hit by them.
love it!
He is adorable and worth every penny  There is not enough Jean merchandise out there, but as soon as I saw they finally had a plush of him i had to get it. He is adorable and worth every penny! :) Now, if they can only get some Jeanbo figures out haha
Awesome  I got this for my boyfriend. He loved the size of it. Well made and very good looking for a plush.
Cute Vaporeon!  Very cute, came quickly and looks great.
love this dog  We love all the characters from the movie so I was excited to get this dog for my 6 year old daughter.  It looks just like the dog in the movie.  Super cute and great details.  It also arrived from China faster than it was expected.
Great for party favors. The kids loved them.
For $15 it does its job pretty well for us  We got our Gloworm as a gift for our daughter. We have been using it for three months and she absolutely loves it. People are saying it's not comfy for their child to cuddle with..(it's a soother, not a stuffed animal) They are saying it only plays a fraction of the songs..(it changes between 5 or 6 popular songs. That's just how it is) The Gloworm is meant to help babies fall asleep or calm down. For $15 it does its job pretty well for us.
The actual plush part is super cute and soft  Arrived a week earlier than expected! The actual plush part is super cute and soft, though note the stitching on the eyes and mouth are not black but grey. I had thought it was a lighting thing but I just noticed it after comparing it to my other Iiwaken plush; it's really not a big deal though. Bottom side wasn't really what I had anticipated, in regard to aesthetic, but it does the job well enough. I used it to clean my phone, unlike the other reviewer who used it for laptops.
Granddaughter loved it!!  Granddaughter loves it...and its just as described
My 5 year old loves it  This one does not make sound like some of the others but it is a perfect representation of the game character.
Product is way better than expected and It came 2 weeks early! Hooray!  Good buy indeed! 
Fastest shipping I have had from out of the country  This can in less than a week!! We were not expecting this to be so big but it is and my son loves it so much. Also had a great experience when I need to ask a question, they answered quickly. Thanks
Happy Nephew  I bought it for my nephew and he was happy with it.  He is going through a Mario phase right now.
would recommend. Quality  Xtreme value, would recommend. Quality.
I love sloths  Very cute and just like the picture.
My granddaughter loves this Cat Bus.  My granddaughter loves this Cat Bus. It even has two Tororos - one large and one small.
I was happy to find it's the same one  as expected... I saw this when I was in Japan but didn't have room to pack it so I opted to order it online instead. I was happy to find it's the same one!
Love this Phoenix!  Looks just like Fawkes in the movie, and good quality.  Great treat for my Harry Potter loving daughter.
Trudi Rabbit and Baby  Awesome product from Trudi
Wife loves it  Nice little reminder of our son while he is away.
Wonderful stuff toy##  Brought as a birthday gift for my 5 year old she absolutely loves it.
He loved it
What can you say  My kids loved it and my wife loved it.  Who cannot say that this is funny and cool.  Thank you Star Wars and Angry Birds for a fun product.
A mail-order masterpiece  (Nine years later, I can report that the pan lasted much longer than the marriage, and all the below still applies. Even though the pan has been grossly abused many times, it still looks as good as when I got it. Prompting this update, just tonight I forgot about sesame and poppy seeds toasting away while I was cutting other things. When the smoke alarm went off, I automatically grabbed the pan by the handle to douse it: flames were coming out of it, but the handle was still cool.)  I managed to score one of these for Christmas by using subtle hints (try leaving the product description page up on your spouse's computer, eh, by mistake.)  What to say: KitchenAid really got it right, first time. Fit, finish, curvature, weight, handle... this thing is a workhorse, a dead gorgeous one.  So gorgeous that on our first night together I propped it on my bedstand so the first thing I would see in the morning would be its perfectly curved bottom. (No, you are wrong, I DO actually have a life.)  Testimonial on construction: Recently, while sauteing some onions and garlic, I got called away. Ten high-heat minutes later, the onions and even the garlic were still perfectly useable, and the pan only needed rinsing.  So, how can I justify spending [that much] on one small pot? Well, it's hard to do. Lets see: thirty years of use at twice per week = 5 cents per delightful encounter, and then I'll let my kids fight over it.
Great Buy  This was so pretty and soft. I'm going to have to order another one!
Affordable and satisfied by quality.  Bought it for kid sister a few months back and she still absolutely loves it. Decent size, soft as advertised, and will probably get another one or the Sylveon one in the future that is like it.
My girls love toothless...  and I can't wait for them to open this on Christmas.  It isn't your normal "stuffed" toy and is not soft/fuzzy but I think they will love playing with it (in addition to wearing their new helmets). Product does ship from Hong Kong or China, but did not take very long.
We love the books and the toy!  We read the Llama Llama books  every night and now our toddler can hold him. She loves this Thing.
Adorable Dolly!  I looooove this little doll. I purchased for my 5 month old. My daughter is black and puerto rican and its really important to us to get her dolls that resemble her. This doll is really perfect with her caramel/ cafe con leche "complexion". The quality also seems pretty good and I wxpect that if we don't lose her she should survive a good amount of time
My son loves this doll.  He still doesn't know how to tie yet, but he enjoys playing with all the different things on it.
Guaranteed to break the ice at parties.  As a Monty Python fan, this plush figure was perfect for my wife. Our friends always pick it up and pull its arms off when they come over. Great purchase!
So Cute!  My son loves his little Chewy.  The sounds are authentic and the face is adorable. All in all this is a great toy!
Great for 3 years olds, too!  Since Bella was born, I have become a bit of a toy expert. She's on the spoiled side and gets a new toy at least once every two to three weeks. When searching for a new toy for Isabella, I have certain criteria that must be met - ease of use, appeal and price. However, the most important criteria is how educational the toy is. I enjoy seeing my daughter's eyes light up while learning about various subjects. We recently got the opportunity to review Vtech`s Cora the Smart Cub Plush Toy, and let me tell you - this toy surpassed all my criteria.  This toy is recommend for ages 6 months to 3 years. Isabella is 3 1/2 years old and still adores this absolutely adorable plush toy. Cora is inviting to little girls due to her pink hue fur. All of her paws function to help your child learn various skills including time concepts, feelings, body parts, as well as daily life. Isabella already knows the majority of her body parts, but this toy helps reenforce that important topic.  Additionally, you're able to personalize your child's experience with Cora the Smart Cub by downloading additional content. Personalize with your child's name, birthday, favorite things and more.  Isabella loved the various melodies that Cora comes with - 30 different ones to be exact. Some are even lullabies that help her drift to sleep.
Beautiful plush mermaid!  Beautiful plush mermaid and shipping was very fast!
Very soft and good quality  I bought this tigger for my two year old nephew. I was worried that it would not be very soft but its extremely soft and definitely something he could sleep with.
Troll must have  Exactly as expected. My son (yes son) loves his (DJ Suki.) We are lucky to find her as she is not the main Character in the movie.
My daughter loved it
baby kemek  I was happy when I opened it but it did not look like the picture I saw it looked like a baby kemek but it is cute im glad I got it.
Perfect!!  Fast delivery! And it looks the same. Perfect!!
Love the Little Heart!  Very cute, just as described. Four buttons fasten with Velcro, and one of them can "pop off" but is secured with a string, so it won't get lost. The yellow shirt makes up the kitty's back, so it doesn't come off, but it opens--revealing Pete's belly button (like in the book!) and a cute little red heart, a la classic Raggedy Ann dolls. Pete's expression is serene and welcoming--very "cool", but also friendly, just like his character in the books. Lovely hand puppet, cuddly toy, and a great accompaniment for the book.
Her arm sticks up, but thats ok  I love her, shes so soft!
Son loves these little guys!
Super cute  He's very well made. I adore him :)
Exactly what it says it is.  Battery and charging attachment, exactly as advertised. Holds a great charge, and lasts through the full 8.5 hrs of my shift. Very nice!!
Great gift for 2 year old! She loved it
My daughter is in love with Moana and this is perfect she loves it  My daughter is in love with Moana and this is perfect she loves it. Plush body with plastic face(like some baby dolls) Even play's music and talks.
I love it!  I loved Frozen and especially Olaf. This plush repiica is just big enough. It is every bit as lovable as the animated character in the movie:) The seller from Creativity Fair was prompt with answers to all my questions. This was a fine transaction
Great product!  Great product!
Good as akways
Adorable cuddlestuff!  Plush arrived promptly, and right out of the package I fell in love <3  The ears stand up on their own really well, the Mildred body shape will stand up well and can be posed somewhat. The nose is very well done, and the face is super cute. The tail is the only complaint I have. The fur is completely different in texture and colour and doesn't feel bushy enough. Even so, it still looks great!
Peter Rabbit at his best!  I purchased this darling character to use in my Beatrix Potter unit for my preschoolers. I wanted them to be able to see and hold the darling animals as we read their stories. This has so much personality and so detailed! I love it! I would certainly recommend it to anyone that loves these characters as much as I do.
Just for Monty Python Fans  This is a big kid, Monty Python fan toy. Certainly should not be considered as a gift for a child.
Awesome!
Good and cute set.
Perfect size  Grandson is in Love with this!  nice and plush and just the right size.  good quality stitching seems nice and tight.
Happy camper!  Son loved it and sooo soft!  Bigger than I expected.
My 2yr old son loves his Elmo  Best christmas present ever. My son loves his elmo
Talking Ben  Thank you, my I am very happy with his dog ben, she wanted it more big but explain that it was the size that Ben came, otherwise there is no complaint, the dog came in very good condition, came at the time offered by you, thank you
Daughter loves it think we have every plush princess now!
I love it !!!!!
Great product for the money  My child loves this toy and it is very well made.  It has been kicked around the house like a soccer ball, snuggled with and still looks like new!
Wonderful stuffed animal!  It was a gift for a girl who has many stuffed animal horses, but this became one of her new favorites! It was nicely wrapped, and the girl loved the saddle, bandana and how soft it was.
She absolutely loved it!  Got this as a gift for my daughter 2nd birthday because she loves Peppa Pig. She absolutely loved it!
Good Detail, Luxury Feel  The padding on these slippers is thick and extremely comfortable.  They are worn by an adult, fully supports his weight at 210lbs.  He loves the "Walking Dead" and wears them daily and most especially on Sunday nights while watching AMC! Great value for the money. Super cool detail, very warm! He's a "Walker" now!
It was adorable and they both loved it  I bought this plush for my daughter's friend for her birthday. It was adorable and they both loved it!
So soft!  Good size & quality. My daughter was very happy.
Authentic and amazing  This lovely little plushie is perfect for and Pokemon fan that wants a fine collectible. The price is so much cheaper than anywhere else on the internet, so I recommend using Amazon to purchase this item. It's incredibly soft and adorable, and better made than anything else I've seen. It's pretty small, but for how true to design it is, it's totally worth having in your collection. The only off thing I'd say is the yellow parts. They're a bit too yellow. Honestly doesn't even matter because everything else is perfect. If you are interested in Vaporeon at all, you MUST have this!  also like to add it came a lot quicker than expected. However be warned against USPS... they will fail at tracking your package so you should definitely keep a close watch on it.
Skitty was a perfect gift!
Super soft and great quailty  We are currently living in Panama and see 3 toed sloths all the time (I know we are so spoiled! we are loving this nature!) I wanted to find a puppet for my boys but they were very expensive. This is a great alternative. It is super soft and they love how they can hook the paws together and hang it from their neck. My only regret is I only bought one. I think I will be buying another soon for my other son as they both love it and fight over who gets to have it sleep with them.
Great product
Great gift for niece!
So cute!  This little guy is sooo cute and small - I love it! Arrived fast, soft fur, and it has a long tail. So adorable! Five stars for this little guy.
Love it. Rides with me everytime I'm on my crotch rocket
Better than it looks!  LOVE the product; love the seller. Shipped much more quickly than anticipated and is very sturdy (impressive size) and any "Bone" fan will LOVE IT. He is awfully cute ;)
This is absolutely adorable!  Too cute.  This is absolutely adorable!
I bought him for my boyfriend and he loved it.
My 16 month old loves it. He cant unclick them yet but im OK with that
Cute!  He's super cute!
this gir is cuet alot
Great for 2year old.  My two year old grandson immediately started to use the zipper and snaps.
Cute  Gave this as a gift to a 5 yo boy. He loves it. The little noise it makes is quiet and pleasant.
Great quality
Daughter (19 months old) loves this toy.
Great quality product!  Goat plush toy arrived quicker then expected. Looks exactly as described and very well made. I will definitely order from cottonstuff again :)
Fast service, well made product.
My daughter loves it  Everything
ADORABLE little guy  ADORABLE! I am online purchasing stocking toppers and this little guy is perfect.  The cutest fennec I have found online in smaller sized plushes.  It's SO cute in person, too.
I love this little Serena plush... Very happy with my purchase it for my niece.
Perfect. Highly recommended  Perfect. Highly recommended
i received it on time, thanks very much  i received it on time, thanks very much. i needed it 'cause i need to see my little daugther very happy 'cause this toy is her favorite.
Cute and perfect for your shoulder!  Cute and perfect for my Costume.
This was the perfect toy. It keeps him quietly engaged  My son has been fascinated with buckles. This was the perfect toy. It keeps him quietly engaged.
My sons favorite!  My 5 year old is super into Pokmon lately. We ordered this and it's awesome. Crafted really well, soft, good quality.  Came in perfect condition. My son loves this plush and sleeps with it every night.
Exactly what I wanted, thank you!  Exactly what I wanted, thank you!
What can I say but perfect!
My son love it!!!!
Very cute and high quality  Cutest Tsum Tsum I have received. Very good quality and as advertised.
Perfect Plush  I used this Chewbacca plush, as a diaper cake topper for a Star Wars themed baby shower. It was perfect, great quality and great price.
Goodbye excellence  For reasons I will never pretend to understand, Colgate has decided to discontinue this excellent product.  Since they continue to market a tube toothpaste version, it can't have anything to do with the product itself.  This might be a victim of "shelf space" syndrome that continually drives good products out of the marketplace, to make room for more profitable junk.  Unfortunately, since I was unable to purchase this in any store, I was forced to use an online vendor who didn't much care how the product got treated, and created the most slipshod shipment I have ever received through Amazon.
I like it a lot  Great item for magical girls like me
excellent my son loves his Mario and Yoshi
Would buy again  I put these on my amazon wish list for my birthday several months ago, and I was pleasantly surprised to receive two of these! They are both very nice quality and even have a cute face. Not realistic by any means, but it is not too cartoon-y either. They are stitched well and are durable enough for a child to play with.
My grandson is very pleased.
Cute and fluffy. Daughter loved it.  Cute and fluffy. Daughter loved it.
cool  "I love her so much that I love her up to hair if it were flying to my toes" -in the words of my 5yr old who's favorite sailor scout is mercury
Finally <3 <3  It's a wonderful plush and looks just like the picture. The whiskers may come off if you pull them, so be careful. Otherwise is just perfect!! The pompom stays up!
Shibby!
Nice.... My God daughter loves it!!!
perfect for little ones  Bought this for our 2 year old and he likes it very much. Cute and fluffy, perfect for little ones. The music is catchy too.
just as described and received quickly.
love them
Maybe after some cuddles he won't be so full but right out of the package he's a tubby sweet fun guy  So cute!!!! My sons keep asking for a hedgehog pet so I have bought several plush ones over the past year. This guy is very cute. Bigger than I expected but his face and expression is darling. He's sort of comically round. Maybe after some cuddles he won't be so full but right out of the package he's a tubby sweet fun guy. Well made and soft. I recommend. Hes making me smile just looking at his sweet face so thats nice
Luke-bird!  My 5-year old son is a big fan of Angry Birds "Starbors", and is just floored with his new plush! Luke is adorable. His little saber is sewn on to his "belt" and I love that he was given a furry blond hairdo. He is hillarious and I couldn't have designed him differently myself, except of course, I would have given him some type of saber sound!! Other than that, fab, fab, fab!
My son loves it.
Love it!
Lovely plush doll  My daughter absolutely loves this character. It is so hard to find anything that wasn't the new live-action version or a Barbie doll. Luckily amazon had this.  She is very soft and looks exactly like she should. She is around what I would believe the standard size for a doll to be. Her clothes don't seem to come unattached, so I've been hand washing her. The doll's clothes seem to attract pet hair like no other. Be prepared for that if you are buying.  Overall this was a wonderful purchase for my daughter.
great buy
Son loves this toy!
Lakitu  this guys is so cute and adorable i fell in love with him upon receipt. he's soff and so cute , I am inlove with his goggles or glasses what ever he's wearing is so cute.
great detail, great quality, and would suggest to friends.
loved it.  Product as described, loved it...
Gave as a gift. That's all I know.  Gave as a gift.  That's all I know.
My daughter loves it ! Came in a timely manner.
Great product  The platypus was very soft and cuddly.  It was the perfect size and it looks very lifelike.  My son enjoys hugging it and playing with it.
COOKIE!!!  COOKIE!!! Now my 2 yr grandsons favorite word, it is used in almost everything he babbles about! It is just the right size for him to sleep with and the color blue definitely stands out among his other toys.
Beautiful  Very well made. I love it.
Very big, and very cool!  I was surprised at how big this was when it arrived. It's bigger than I thought it was going to be.  But gosh darn is he cute! He's soft and huggable and it's fun to watch him stretch! This is a great plushie slinky gift. There are no bells and whistles. It doesn't talk, it doesn't walk, it doesn't do anything, and that's really what makes it so great. It's just a nice toy that kids and adults can enjoy and play with and use their imaginations. This is a toy that will stay with a child and not get put away in the closet and forgotten about like some of the gadgety toys out there today.  With a child's imagination, this toy has no limits. It is well made. Even the slinky part is soft. We loved the movie, and we love this giant slinky dog.
My Baby girls loves this bear... She is 8 months and hubby programmed Cora to call our baby by her name. When she wakes in the morning and we turn Cora on and it says our baby girl's name, she goes crazy and starts kissing the bear. She loves the bear...
Just love it. Chewi arrived in original star wars "the force awakens"  box with disney &  star wars trademarks on it. very soft to the touch and sounds great - Although it has only one type of sound.
Loved him!! Highly recommend! Great transaction!!!
Cutest thing ever!!
Adorable addition to anyone with a Pokmon collection  Just got the product today. Adorable addition to anyone with a Pokmon collection. Highly recommend it! Came earlier than expected, and it's about the size of your palm. Cute!
The Force is Strong With This One  This is another Angry Birds Star Wars Plush to add to add to our son's growing collection.  This was a plush that he wanted.  It has held up well with the way that he has been playing with it.
Palm sized picachu  So cute. Used as halloween costume pr op - was able to secure it to my son's jacket shoulder with a few stitches and was fine to detach it. Well made toy, soft and plush.
love the little buddy, excellent quality  love the little buddy, excellent quality, smooth fabric and matched with the meta knight is an excellent decoration for my room
My daughter loves it! Wish you guys sold more of the hetalia characters!
This is super cute !! Got It For My Boyfriend and He Loved it !!!
Cute, Fun, and Imaginative!  After looking for what seemed like ages, I found the perfect soft doll for my niece to have when she stays at my house. The Groovy Girls dolls are perfect if you are looking for an imagination-inspiring and creative doll. These dolls encourage children to be comfortable with their individuality and do not prompt them to have expectations about how they are 'supposed' to look. They are well made and have many clothes to choose from. On this particular doll, everything comes off with Velcro fasteners. Visit [...] for more info on different Groovy Girls dolls...that's what I did...then I came back to the Amazon site and bought them for a better price. Hope this helps. =)
He's super adorable and so much fun to  HUGE AND FLUFFY!!!! He's super adorable and so much fun to cuddle
She loved it!  Birthday present for my granddaughter.  Arrived on time with no issues and was exactly as described and pictured.  She loved it!
This moogle plushie makes a great gift for any Final Fantasy fan out there  This moogle plushie makes a great gift for any Final Fantasy fan out there. It's very cute and super soft.
Thank you so much!  I thought that it was going to be much smaller but its pretty big I really love this product! Thank you!
Stop hesitating, just get it already  Great quality and cool looking desk or display piece. Alludes to the classic bulbasaur look and doesn't look like some cheap knockoff
Good quality, she loves it!
Great product, awesome seller, no issues, would purchase again from this seller.
Just what my granddaughter wanted!
So cute  So cute, my granddaughter loved it. She is into hedgehogs right now.
Product was as described.
so cute!!  These plushes are absolutely adorable and for their size, I think its a good deal. My son lit up when he saw them on Christmas morning!! Now if they will just make the person... (Steve?) In a plush too he would be even more happy!! If they already do I couldn't fine one.
Bought this to keep our 18 month old happy during our latest road trip  Bought this to keep our 18 month old happy during our latest road trip.  It was a big success on the trip, at the doctor's office, at home, etc.  I have been asked by several parents where they can get one.
Cute toy  This was a great addition to our muppet stuffed animal set. My kids love the muppets and Miss Piggy is a must have.
Surprised our youngest autistic son with this and he went bonkers.
best gift ever
This toy was adorable, and exactly what was pictured  This toy was adorable, and exactly what was pictured.  It arrived promptly, and the packaging was in good shape when received as well. It's been a wonderful addition to my baby's area.
Every woman at the baby showed was in awe of this (my) gift when mom-to-be pulled this out of the bag, just saying.  The croc is also a rattle!! Too cute!
My son and I looked for the perfect fox from "The little prince" and we found it  My son and I looked for the perfect fox from "The little prince" and we found it ! it is perfect. Shipping was quicker then expected. very pleased with this purchase.
Toddler's best friends...  Finally my son is starting to bond with his toys, and he has a special soft spot for his fireman and policeman from Aurora World.
Very well made. Sounds real:)
Perfect.  Really small and cute !
... with the Llama Llama Red Pajama book make the perfect gift for a toddler  This doll along with the Llama Llama Red Pajama book make the perfect gift for a toddler.
Official Nintendo Plush Doll  Excellent & adorable plush doll
Wife loves it!
Bueno
This is the BEST day ever!  Very cute! I love it when Fear says, "I regret everything!" and "This is the worst day ever!" Just to let you know, I'm somewhat hard of hearing and I can hear these dolls' voices just fine. Yes, I bought a variety of Inside Out emotion characters and dearly love them all! UPDATE: I lifted Fear's shirt, opened the Velcro closing and found a switch up near the back of Fear's neck. I flipped the switch. Lo and behold, Fear screams and whoops it up! Nice of Tomy to add even more sounds to this neat little doll!
Great toy for 3 year old!  My 3 year old is absolutely obsessed with Frozen and Olaf! I purchased this when it was on sale and my son absolutely loves it!! The phrases Olaf says are clear and you can easily make out what he is saying. I especially loved that you can pull apart Olaf, but that you can't lose any of his pieces because they are all attached with a string, a strong string mind you - my 3 year old (whom is pretty rough with his toys) hasn't broken it yet!
Best product
pika pika chuuuu  Nice material and a pretty good size.  It was a little smaller than I expected around 10 inches maybe.  Turns out that is just right as a desk ornament.
My grandson loves it
Great dog toy!  Great product and received quickly!
Great Product and service would recommend to anyone. Thank U
Super cute and super soft! My daughter loves it!!!
they loved it!  Was a gift, they loved it!
Must-have for Pokemon Serena's costume!  Very nice plush Fennekin. Well prepared for delivery. Looks just as described/pictured. Nice touch, good quality. Arrived timely and intact. Wonderful for Serena's costume. LOVE IT!
Great Plush, Very Soft  Well made plushie, great detail and softness. Excellent gift for a show lover, and lover of plushies. My girlfriend loves it.
Bob the Builder  Got this product fro my son for Christmas and he loves it.
My Kids love it
Look so great n cute  Just got bonnie plush on Nov 18th. Look so great n cute. No damage. My son can't wait to have it. Thank you so much
Big, but worth the money!!!!  I bought this for my daughters 2nd birthday. She adores Elmo and I wanted to get her something to snuggle while watching Sesame Street. Ideally, I wanted a smaller Elmo that didn't talk. There is one available, but the eyes are hard plastic apparently. My advice? Pay the extra $8 and get this one. It's big, but okay for a 2 year old. It also means there is more for your child to love!
Absolutely Love It!  It's fluffy, soft, and a good companion, what more could you ask for? Quality is good, and stitches are strong. Like any other plush toy out there, except it's a companion cube!
Larger than most, super cute  The doll was super cute, larger than most. Quality seemed good.
Great Christmas Gift from Santa  My daughter loves this Pusheen. It was a special gift from Santa so the santa hat was perfect!
My son loves this!! It's so soft and well made.
The wunnerful things about Tiggers...  I was so pleased to find a certified organic Tigger for my grandson for Christmas. He loves Tigger, especially when I sing Tigger's song and bounce his stuffed Tigger to the music. It was a nice addition to the Winnie the Pooh I got him when he was born last spring.
Beautiful quality,  fast shipping  Wonderful quality, colors all seem to match perfectly with their cartoon version! I am so thrilled! My near 2 year old is in love with them.  I ordered them on June 16th and they arrived nicely packed June 22nd, thank you for the fast shipping! Her Peppa pig party is going to be even more awesome with these new stuffed friends.
love this!  We use it across our floor in front of our drapes to keep the sun out in the morning :)
Great toy for a great price  I just received this cute domo-kun and it is as the description said. 12.5 inches and the perfect size to be able to cuddle with. It fits in my backpack so I can take it wherever I go. The only problems I have come across is that when I received it in the mail, there was some dried glue on its mouth and some on its body. I didn't really find it a major problem but it was a little difficult to pull out. Also, I found a little tear under its arm so I did have to sew it up. Other than those minor problems it is a great toy and all my friends have been asking if they could hold him or where to get one. Make sure to keep this away from your dog if you have one because I'm sure they wouldn't have a hard time tearing it up. Great toy for a great price.
Rio 9" stuffed toys  These were everything I hoped for. I had not seen the movie Rio so I didn't know what they were talking about when I was told that my grandson was into anything related to Rio. He loved them!
LOVE IT -great lotion with sunblock  Great lotion with SPF for daily use.  I find it compares favorably to much more expensive cosmetic lotions.
Great toy, kept my little one busy on the plane  My daughter loved this toy. She started using it when she was about 9 or 10 months and would still play with it occasionally at 16 months. And that's a long time for her! This is a great toy for a child during a flight or in the car as its so soft and small, it's easy to carry and with the buckles your strap it on to almost anything (stroller, diaper bag, etc). Size is small compared to the pic but look at the dimensions and you'll know what to expect.
The best  Love it
HE LOVED IT. FAST SHIPPED  A CHRISTMAS GIFT, HE LOVED IT.  FAST SHIPPED
Great item  Well.. it's a simple concept but it captivates the attention of my almost two year old.  I was hesitant to spend this much on one small item, but it's pretty fun.  Perfect take along for car rides or restraunt visits.
Great product  Really nice quality and size. Even though this is described as a baby toy that comes with a "teething" toy my six year old and three year old both love these stuffed animals. Each animal comes with a picnic item which was a big hit for my girls and their tea parties.
Hail satan I give this a 666 out of 666
Baby loves him!  He is small and kinda pricy but my 1 year old absolute loves him so he is worth every penny. He's already his new sleeping buddy!
She's an angel! My bi-racial granddaughter even at six months hugs her (alternating with stuffing her leg in her mouth to explore)! Thank you for letting this little one not be in a world with white-white baby dolls!! ALSO, she is washable!! I washed her before giving her to my granddaughter (for Valentine's Day), and I'm sure will be going through many more washings!
Excellent and what I wanted  Wow
I could not be happier with Frenchy Fox  Bought this for my son, and I could not be happier with the quality of Frenchy Fox. The toy is soft, and the perfect size for snuggles. Highly recommended!
Granddaughter loved it.
Cute Doll  Cute, my child loves it but they might out grow it before it arrives. Very long shipping times
Keeps my Hybrid nice and warm. Very intimidating to my irons though.
Love it  It's adorable and squishy, wish it was a little bigger for the price, but I still love it. Great for any Portal fan
love it  I Bought it for my 3 year old son for xmas. Perfect size, good quality, very cute. Would totally recommend!
Adorable and Great Quality.  The plush is so cute and high quality. It looks just like the Moogles in Final Fantasy 14 and has tags showing that it is official merchandise. It was packaged very well and arrived fairly quickly even though the seller is in Japan and I'm in the US.
all perfect
My son recently discovered the Blue Angels and he loves this plush toy.
So sweet.  Perfect.
Perfect for my Peppa&George loving son, and loved that I could clip them to the diaper bag.
Wonderful Quality  I adore this product! It's larger than I expected, very soft, and adorable! It now sits on the shelf next to my Sylveon plushie (from another seller, which is tiny in comparison) and I'm glad I could add this to my eeveelution collection!
Excellent quality and great details.
Son Loved It!!!  This Fred bear has ignited a new love affair with my 6 yo son.  By far, most popular Christmas present.  Has forsaken all the rest of his stuffed animals.
Soft and Huggable and totally worth it  Seemed a little pricey but was definitely worth it. It's quite soft and very huggable. Only issue is sometimes lint of fluff gets stuck in Eevee's fur but is easily picked out. As far as self-birthday presents go, I'd say this was a great buy and is something I will love for years on end.
Pretty good quality!  My son loves it!
but other than that the quality is quite nice, EVENTHOUGH  I bought Bilbo too, I thought they'd be bigger. but other than that the quality is quite nice, EVENTHOUGH, I thought their eyes are a bit dodgy hehe
Toddler loves buckles; now this toy too!  Our toddler loved playing any buckle she could get her hands on, so we got this toy for her, and she loves it!
Purchased as a gift and the receiver seems pleased with the product
Early and awesome  This cute fluffy and soft littlw guy arrived a month earlier than stated!  Great surprise.  Awesome detail and seems well made.  Perfect stocking stuffer for my 6 year old son!  Thank you.
my son lives it ..thank you 
Educational? For a girl studying anime...yes  My boy, the college freshman, has always loved Pokemon. He just had to surf around Amazon to find a gift for his best friend who is studying anime, to give her on Easter break. I ordered it for him on Tuesday eve and it arrived early this afternoon, on Thursday. We like speed! I looked it over and this little plushie is really cute. It's firm enough to stand well and the fabric is soft with good textures for the head features. I'm not at all familiar with this character (hm...nope, I guess I don't see Pokemon anymore since my kid left for college) but the colors and look are quite nice.  My son wanted the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Takaratomy-New-Pokemon-N-02-X-and-Y-Chespin-Harimaron-11-Plush-Doll/dp/B00DDE5YME/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Takaratomy New Pokemon N-02 X and Y Chespin/Harimaron 11"Plush Doll</a>&nbsp;and they both arrived together. They look quite cute together--yes--the toys and the kids.
Success!  Great product!
Happy  Got it as a Christmas gift
minions rule  My first minion purchase were the purple 10 inch minions.  They are awesome!  Twenty minions later and I am still collecting.
Adorable very realistic Boston Terrier puppy toy  Absolutely precious. Got this for my great-nephew. Their family has several Bostons, and knew the boy, four years old, would love this. And he does. Really even cuter than the photo. Now I guess I'll have to get one for his brother and maybe his parents. Really does look like a Boston puppy. Perfect for a toy or for display. I was so happy when I came across this on the website, and even more happy when it arrived.
Great gift for gamers!  I got this gift for my brother and he very much enjoyed it. Euthanizing the campanion cube in Portal was the hardest part of the game so it's nice that I'm able to make up for it by giving one as a gift. :D
My nephew loved it!
Fun little Pony  Very nice - kids love them
Tyrannosaurus Rex  Grandson LOVED it-opened it as soon as he took off the wrapping paper and played with it all night long.
Super soft and cuddly !  I purchased this for my 2 year old daughter several months ago. I waited to post a review to see how it held up against my crazy toddler. I can honestly say after several months this Donald Duck looks as new as it did the day it arrived in the mail. The only issue I had with it was the soft fluff on his tail and forehead shed for about a week. I would find those tiny thin hairs every once in a while, but the shedding stopped after about a week. She did pull a few out and they came out rather easily, but I think those were the ones that were going to fall out anyway. I can pull on it now without them coming out so I don't have to worry about her possibly swallowing any tiny hairs. She has dragged him around the house, taken him pretty much everywhere, and he is still fluffy and soft. In fact, this is one of the softest stuffed toys she has and she has an entire toy box full of just stuffed toys !
The kids love it!
... to his girlfriend as a birthday gift and she loved it! Whew  My son gave to his girlfriend as a birthday gift and she loved it! Whew! I was really sweating this one. Learning to trust my 14yo choices :-)
Perfect for our library at school.
Thank you for the order.
What year model is sonic? Does he have the black label with the gold 20th. As show in picture?
Too cute!  My daughter LOVED this little guy!  He is so cute and she is a huge Animal fan!  A must have for any Animal fan!!  He's bigger than he looks, too!
5 stars!!!!!  My daughter loves it.  Fast shipping.
I really like this snorlax :) my cat loves it too! So cute 
my daughter loved it!  Soft and cute, my daughter loved it!
Her headphones aren't like they are in the picture and she is missing the 01 on her arm but she is still cute!
My 1 year olds best friend!
Love it, fast shipping
One of our 2-year-old grandson's favorite books is Llama Llama  One of our 2-year-old grandson's favorite books is Llama Llama, Red Pajamas.  I bought a copy of the book for his visit and also the plush toy.  He really enjoyed both, and took Llama, Llama along home.
If you love PINK &/or PANDAS &/or TEDDYBEARS...  Adorable, very soft fur, very smushable, with heavy beanbag rear-end & paws... PERFECT!
Great job!  What I  expected!  Great job!
The cutest! He is so petite and cuddly. He sits on my desk next to Rey and BB-8.
Fantastic, our grandchild was super pleased.  Well constructed.
Awesome gift for my Adventure Time loving daughter  My daughter loves this doll of Marceline the Vampire Queen and hardly lets it out of her sight. She takes it everywhere and still no signs of wear and tear on the doll.
fir granddaughter  she loves her dora toys so much she carries them everywhere and looks for them to take with her or while watching her shows.
Price beat Target!  We used the app to shop for Christmas gifts and compare pricing.  This was priced well below Targets pricing for the holidays
My daughter loves that they all sing the "I love you, you love me" song  My daughter loves that they all sing the "I love you, you love me" song.  She sleeps with them every night and they make her feel happy.
Great Toy!  Great quality and nice price. Highly recommend.
All the kids loved it!  I bought 3 and all the kids loved then - Unicorn, Kitty and Doggy!  Well made - no problem with quality.  Some notes: then belly is lined but not padded.  The bottom has a pillow pad.  My daughter immediately stuffed it with an afghan, fleece blanket and medium sized stuffed animal.
Amazing!!  I'm a giraffe lover so I already knew even before I ordered this I would love it! Well I received it yesterday and boy was I right. This is by far the best stuffed animal my daughter owns. The quality is amazing and the fact that the neck bends is so cool! I wrapped it up and put it under our tree for Christmas and I cannot wait for our daughter to open it!!
Very pleased with this product. Good quality materials. Love the curly "hair".
Best buy  Great pricing for quality yarn.
fast delivery and good  Exellent, fast delivery and good packig
The perfect b-day gift for my Pooh-loving 2-year-old  My daughter is in love. Soft, huggable and well made. He is weighted with beans in his bottom so he sits up, but he is not at all heavy.
very good
Great toy  Great for kids, very nice for present, cheap And fast delivery.
My daughter loves it.  Because it's very cute.
Gund is amazing!!  My daughter loved this! It is a tad smaller than I realized, but super fun and worth the price! Gund is such a great brand!
Nice gift to give  Grand son loves his Elmo. Nice gift to give.
Great Christmas gift.
This is exactly the plush moose head it claims to be  I am giving this 5 stars, even though I think this is an absolutely ridiculous product.  However, my husband loves it, and it is successfully everything it promises to be.  This is an 11" plush moose head, that you can choose to or choose to not hang on your wall.  For a plush moose head, I would say it is very high quality though I don't have a whole heck of a lot to compare it to.  If what you are looking for is a goofy plush moose head, this is your guy!
Excellent
Exactly as it appears
LOVE IT !  LOVE IT!  I got this many years ago and can not say enough about it. When you turn it down low, it is very quiet and when turned up it has enough air to cool the whole room.   I turn it up at night to drown out the noise of the neighborhood, (city living) and it keeps the room cool even when it turn away from you..I find that the power of the fan is the best in the market, esp. for the size..I have gone thru lots of fans, but this one keeps going, and going for years and years...
Awesome
No complaints, product as advertised!
Excelente!!!
as promised good material original
Pretty and Well Made  Beautiful doll; much prettier than the photo.  Perfect for my 5-year old granddaughter's birthday.  She fancies herself a mermaid and answers to the name "Rainbow".
Kid loved it  Sweet
Cute Friend for a favorite book series  Fun!
Absolute Cutie :3 <3  When I opened the package, I squealed as I saw two beautiful green eyes peeping up at me. I took him out and immediately hugged him. Being sick with pneumonia at the time it was especially comforting. He enjoys watching Dr Who with me and my dalek plushie and we always drink Earl grey tea together. Him and America love to cuddle while I play Skyrim too. I will soon order Russia and possibly a Flying Mint Bunny as well. I recommend him and America to anyone who loves Hetalia and likes to cuddle with these Adorable Allies.
great pooh  the kids love it. Size is perfect, material and looks are great. Some of the plush some times have a funny look but this is not the case.
ELMO  Purchased Elmo and Abby for grand babies. These two are their favorites. Look well made. Hopefully will get many happy hours of play with them.
i loved it but it was a little small but i loved it
I use this for my YouTube videos
Daughter loves it!  My two year old drags this thing everywhere. I've never found anything like it anywhere else. She's obsessed.
Excellent very pleased
Adorable and lighthearted  Adorable and lighthearted. These are great conversation starters and can help others better understand the microbes and how they affect our lives. I've just got these on my desk because I'm a dorky designer, but I've given many as gifts to friends and family. They're always very loved!
Great Gift For My Grandson  Received the Gummibar Plush toy today and was thrilled to see it dance and sing.  My 3-year-old grandson loves to listen to the Gummibar songs whenever he is visiting with me.  I promised him I would buy one for him.  Now he has his own Gummibar.  I know he will love it!
Wonderful quality.
fast delivery, plush as advertised.
Just right
Grandson loved it!
So cute... AND EVIL!!!  Black death. Who doesn't want an adorable plushie that killed billions of people??? Soft and informative!
Adorable!  so small cute and fits in my hand, one of the most adorable ones in my collection
Good quality and very cute!  Great quality good size and very cute my little shopkins fanatic  loved it!
Quality buckle toy  My 19 month old loves this. She's been obsessed with buckles for months and now she can play with brightly-colored buckles galore. I do think it is over-priced though.
good deal  these optical mouse is the only way to go. and you get 3 for what i had to pay at the store .
fluffy package of joy!  Colorful, fluffy package of joy!
grand daughter loves it
This guy is so adorable and very sturdy.  This guy is so cute! He got here a little bit late but he's even better than I imagined! He's great quality and stands up! He stands so strong you can even use him as a foot rest. I've seen everyone's dogs loving this toy but my dog is scared of it lol!! I got this toy for free to review for my opinion and I'm pleasantly surprised! The black on the feet and mouth are kind of a mixture of black and gray/brown which makes it look kind of dirty but other then that the colors, eyes, ears and structure and everything else is so perfect.
He's so perfect! Very cute
It's beautiful!!!!
SOOO adorable  this is sooo cute!  mah brothers (3 yrs) love 'im too!!!!  the call him a spider.
Soft toy  Just as expected!
The sound is great my son loves this pluah!
Yep Yep Yep!  Amazing.  Light weight.  Delivered everything promised.  Will buy additional Stiletto tools for my husband's work and as gifts.
My son is absolutely in love with the song so when it came to finding a toy, this toy was it. He absolutely LOVES it.  The Gummibar was a little bit smaller than I expected but sang and danced as expected.  Deliver was great! Product was ordered on Friday, I received it Monday. That was standard delivery!
Great gift for my granddaughter (16 months old)  Great gift for my granddaughter (16 months old). She is still playing with it after 3 months it still amuses her
Grandchild loves her beanie boos. Has them on her bed.
Cute as a button!  It is so wonderful introducing a child to a classic like Peter.  Made even more wonderful by having Peter himself attend the reading.  Made bedtime magical.  Thank you for speedy delivery!
Smaller than expected but daughter is happy  Arrived on time.  Cute soft. Smaller than expected but daughter is happy
I love him  He's absolutely adorable. He looks pretty realistic I think except that his legs are super short. The horns on mine were sewn too close together so that's a bummer, but I still love him.
Well made, durable, great toy  Bought this with another similar Disney plush doll for my nieces who were 2 and 5 at the time.  It's withstood much abuse, and has held up wonderfully.  My nieces love it to death, and it's easily in the top rankings of their toys, AND it gets played with!  If anything were to happen to it, it would immediately be replaced with the same item.  I have no doubt it will last for years though.
Good
My niece loved it!
A plush toy that kids like.  My grandson really liked it, even though it took a long time for delivery.
Soothing and keeps little one in bed! The lights are enough so she isn't scared of dark but not too bright to keep her awake, and she loves the soft sounds with her bedtime stories
My baby loves it!  Just like the picture I bought 2 very nice
Had a great experience. It's a fun product  Had a great experience. It's a fun product, and one that my 20 month old has just started to get into. I think in the next few weeks it will be even better for longer trips to keep him occupied. Thank you!
Cute birb that makes realistic sounds  Great! Cute birb
love it  got this for my daughter. she has all the other characters and this completes the set. it is smaller than the other character i bought but she loves it. durable and easy to wash. must buy for gabba fans.
Puuuurrrrfect for cuddling and adventures  My son LOVED this SO MUCH!  It looks just as pictured and is just the perfect size for snuggling and going on adventures with your little one.  His fur is very soft and doesn't shed.  He has a very expressive face and is a must have for any little one that loves this show.
Love it  This is such an awesome toy. My son carries it around everywhere and it is soft enough that he can snuggle with it at night.  I am very happy with this purchase.
tigger  Great plush toy to add to your pooh collection of stuffed animals that your child will enjoy and play with for a long time.
pidove  pidove is just so cute i just love him i got a book about him and even a poke card
Star Wars Plush Doll  nice plush doll and the price was cheaper than at the Disney store. I son loves it.
LOVE. IT. So cute, and HUUUUGGE.
A bit bigger than a Beanie Baby but perfect for my 4 year old to hug!
May the force be amazon  Great stuff
Love it!  My baby loves to buckle herself in the car, and that toy, absolutely custom made for her! Love it!!
Shipping very fast, item exactly as described.
Birthday for my grandson
Only Stabila  Great sturdy product. Always use Stabila and your always using the best. Price is right for this pack. Never buy another level again. Try the digital ones too, even faster and easier to use.
Item as described.
My daughter love her Angel Plush very much! Thank you!
More Pikachu cosplay generally works  What's there to hate?  It's a plushie Pikachu dressed as a mega Charizard.  This is an item for our ticket redemption room in our arcade, and plush of this size at that price point is usually a hard sell.  We only got 3 of them, but they've definitely been moving well.  You just can't resist that soft little Pikachu's cosplay.  I can practically hear it trying to roar like Charizard!
it exactly what i wanted
Cute!
My Grandson loves Pigeons when he sees them in the park, this looks so real and hugs it when he comes over our house.
My granddaughter is getting this for Christmas...
Little baby cousin, loves it
Hands down, the best saw period  This saw is the same base unit as the other 3hp, right tilt.  The only difference is the fence system. Everyone knows that the Unisaw is the Holy Grail of all saws, and it lives up to this reputation.  Out of the box it was flawless.  It required almost no further adjustment. Even with the crappy blade that comes with the saw, the cuts are near perfect.  The cuts become perfect after you throw that blade away and replace it with a better one. I recommend the Forrest Woodworker II. The 30" fence that came with this saw was in service about 10 minutes before I decided to replace it with the 52".  The saw was a gift (great gift, huh) and had I ordered it myself, I would have ordered it with the bigger fence.  I got on the Biesemeyer web site and bought the replacement front and rear rails to convert it to the larger fence.  You only need to replace these components, as the fence is compatable with both.  I bought the new components and "factory seconds", but they were in perfect condition. I looked at the "other" saws and came within inches of buying one based on price. I even drove five hours to a competitive product's showroom to see their saw hands on. I'm glad that I didn't buy it because it doesn't compare to this unit. The Unisaw is easy to use, easy to set up and adjust, and makes woodworking a religious experience. Would I recommend this saw? Yes! Yes! Yes!  The only drawback to this saw is that most people wait too long to buy it.
Beautiful!!!!
great price  Very entertaining. Good gift
All of my kids have enjoyed it since we got it  Very well made toy. All of my kids have enjoyed it since we got it.
Well made  Bing bang was a huge hit. Love the movie and this was my 2 year olds fav.
Perfect  Cute little pink monkey that feels great and matches the rest of the set. Hopefully she will like it as much as I do.
Sweet you!  My 5 year old daughter loves this doll!!! Was so excited Santa brought it in her stocking!
Perfect Porkly Pair  Wife liked getting these as a surprise gift.  There is a small magnet on the belly of each pig that pulls them together.  This is fine when they are in a pair as shown in the photo, but no super attractive when they are separated.  Wife has then on a shelf so they will always be hugging...no problem!
Soo cool!  This was a birthday gift so I needed it quick and it was on time and wrapped nicely! Great buy! I'm sure they loved it! Thank you!
Cute & Adorable & Cuddly
Beautiful doll!
Simply divine!  Rarity is very show accurate! I believe they did an amazing job with this one. I do wish 4th Dimension made more ponies, though!
Wow!  This product is actually really nice!! 
Adorable...  Absolutely love it.
para mis nietas
my daughter love it
Very good quality  My friends and nephews all like them.
Great  Great. My son loved it. He sleeps with it every night. My Parents introduced him to the old 70's TV after that he found the animated series and he's hooked.
18 months old loves it,
Princess Sophia  My daughter just loves this show on Disney Jr. and I know she will love this as it is a BDAY gift for her
Love my Smurf Boy!!!  He is sooooooo cute and soft!  I was surprised that he came sooner than expected.  Excellent condition! I'm very happy with my purchase!!!
"You can't fade away..."  We have ordered the Raven and Starfire plushies by Jazwares in the past, and since our thirteen-year-old admits to having a "cartoon crush" on Beast Boy, we had to purchase the Beast Boy plushie for her. It came in the mail punctually, and the reaction on her face when receiving it was priceless. As many reviewers have pointed out, it has a big head and a small body, adding to its cuteness. It is made of squishy and oh-so-soft materials just like the other Teen Titans Go! plushies. It is a near-exact likeness of Beast Boy - on the show, the soles of his shoes are gray with black paw prints on them, but this plushie's shoes just have plain black soles. Its hair is made of the same exact material as the Raven plushie's cloak - SO soft and SO comforting. It is not too under- or over-stuffed, unlike the Raven plushie whose torso feels somewhat understuffed. Its large ears aren't filled with any stuffing, but this is probably true for all the little Beast Boy plushies made by Jazwares out there. It is an adorable and super-fun toy. It makes a great nighttime buddy or pretend-play companion for any child, no matter whether they are a toddler or a teen. It seems to be on-par for durability with the Raven and Starfire plushies. We're lucky we don't have a rowdy girl who would toss them around, causing them to rip. As for the "educational" rating, we don't really know how "educational" a plush toy of Beast Boy would be. Sure, it won't teach your child how to shapeshift into animals like Beast Boy does on the show, but do all toys really have to be educational in any way? This toy was intended just to be used for imaginative play and silly fun. And that's exactly what a thirteen-year-old would do with it. Overall, this Beast Boy plushie is a huge hit in our house. It's soft, squishy, and best of all - it's adorable!
Good toy
love it
My son loves it.  He often has it ride the Minecraft Large Plush Spider.  Very soft.
Super soft  1 1/2 yr old granddaughter LOVES this monkey!  She had another plush monkey that she sleeps with every night.  She carries it around, and it's sometimes difficult to get it away from her even when running errands.  So, I bought this monkey so we'd have a backup in case monkey #1 gets lost.  This monkey is super soft and snuggly.  She loves this and will easily sleep with either monkey.  :)  Great purchase.
Super cute!  Soo cute, my daughter loved him.
Great gift for work acquaintance first grand kid!  This bright cheerful and sassy toy was given as a gift for a work friend for christmas. According to her, her granddaughter loves it. I just thought it was so adorable when I saw it that I had to get it, hoping the new mom would find it appropriate. So far only great reports have come back. So if more babies show up in my life, I hope to gift more fun toys like thus one.
Your toddler will love this!  My daughter loves buckles and has spent hours playing with this penguin!  I will buy this again in the future for birthday presents!
My daughter absolutely loved. Perfect size to match others.
Love it!  My six year old son is a Mario bros. fanatic! It was a joy to watch his excitement when he unwrapped it. This one was of good quality material. He loved it!
Great plush  Well made and great material. Shipped very quickly.
Very fun! Good product!  Got my both my nephews these for Christmas they wore them around the house for hours they loved them great product I wished they were a little more stretchy but they didn't seem to have a problem with it they loved them great product for the little ones!
nice plush! this is the official little buddy plush for shoppers who want to know. thanks!
My Grandson was so happy to get this; very cute & well made.
Great doll for kids!  My two year old loves this doll! It goes everywhere with her. I've washed it on the washer twice with no problems. That is a major plus in my book!
Received earlier than expected  Good plush toys and my daughter is so happy now,she likes peppa pig so much,thanks for the fast shipping too
purchased as a gift
Beautiful.. looks real  Beautiful. .looks real..
Roar!  Nice quality and comfortable.  Bought these for my nephew who put them on immediately and only took them off to go to dinner.
Great purchase. Satisfied customer.
My kid loved it he is beginning to play with video games now and he is so in to MARIO Bros
Another Great Value  Here's another great piece of cookware from Le Creuset. I love the size for a small pan, and the fact it has a steam vent in the lid. The Caribbean color is really pretty. I mix and match my Le Creuset colors. I also own a round French Oven in Flame , and a small soup pot in the Chestnut color. All look great together for a cool retro look. Amazon has the best prices, really unbeatable. You won't be sorry with paying more for this cookware.
My friend enjoyed her  As advertised. My friend enjoyed her Flareon
My 5 year old son love Batman he sleeps with the Stretchkins and try to take it to school with him.  I have washed it and have not notice any shedding the material is very good and durable. He pulls and stretches it all the time.  A great buy for kids.
Excellent & fast shipping!
Product must have been ok, otherwise I would have given it 1 star. Great product, I think??  Product must have been ok, otherwise I would have given it 1 star. Great product, I think??Gave it a 5 anyways.
Adorable Interactive Learning Toy  Cora is extremely soft and cuddly and very endearing. One of my favorite things about Cora the Smart Cub, is that her bedtime music can be set to 30 minutes. We've never had problems getting my daughter to sleep but she really seems to enjoy the bedtime music. I also am a firm believer that peaceful bedtime music helps to offer children a more soothing sleep. Another thing I love about Cora is that she not only teaches your child but she also offers them a loving companion. Cora the Smart Cub is such a sweet little thing and my daughter absolutely adores her!
Great deal.
Very Cute!  This was actually my second time buying this doll- my cat destroyed the first one.  I really like this doll.  Along with Umbreon, Glaceon is my favorite eeveelution, so I bought both dolls.  The second round is just as nice as the first one.  I think the stitching is quite nice (though it could not handle the evil wrath of my cat).  I wouldn't take too much into this though; the doll isn't meant to be a cat chew toy.  My cat does loves this one as much as the first Glaceon I bought.  I actually had to put it up high so he could not get to it.  The doll is incredibly cute and looks wonderful on the top of my dresser next to my Glaceon.  The only real problem I really have with the two dolls is that it is sometimes difficult to get them to sit up.  Their heads make them top heavy, so I have to take special care to make share they do not fall down.  I have never bought any other Pokemon dolls besides these two, but I will say that I think the price is a little much for a small doll, but I still love them.
She will love them  Gift for my great niece, and she'll love them.
Love this Pokemon Center Plushes. They all have come beautiful!
Absolutely perfect.
GREAT!  It was a little smaller than I thought but it was adorable!!!  He is holding candy hearts too.  Company was great and extremely responsive...highly recommend and would use again!
They love it, think it is super cute  Bought this as a gift for my friend's new baby. They love it, think it is super cute.
awesome  thank you. it was a perfect gift for a little girl that was sick, whose mommy needed a pick me up.
My daughter loves this!
Bought it for my girlfriend; she loves it!
Legit plush  Considering how easy it is to sell bootlegs of Pokemon plush, I was very cautious with buying this, especially if it is from an American Pokemon Center. However, this plushie is 100% legit. Toys and Games Outlet generally sells legit merch and, if fulfilled by Amazon, you can buy in confidence. Recommended!!!
A lovely present for a newborn baby  Thank you so much for the lovely lamb for my newborn nephew ! It is so soft and I know he will love snuggling with it. The lamb is adorable - incredibly soft and well-made!
This Rottweiler is so cute, Thank you
MY dog was the cutest, but Boo is my Noo best friend  I got my Boo for the same reason another reviewer did: I lost my beloved Pomeranian, who also happened to have the puppy cut that makes Boo so Boo. This little cutie reminded me so much of my guy that I had to have him. And he's been an amazing comfort to me. He sleeps with me, sits on my dresser smiling his Pom smile, reminding me of the good times with my boy. He's well-made, and authentically detailed, Boo-cute from every angle. My one small complaint is that his fur has a napp, which the real Boo (with real fur) doesn't have. I'll bet Gund could make the likeness even cuter by hard-shaping his head to match Boo's contours and adding shorter fur, instead of having the fur create those unique outlines.  But who's complaining?  Boo is exceptionally worth the reasonable price--far more appealing than other, costlier products out there, especially likenesses of Poms, which no one seems to get right. My Boo and I look forward to many future adventures together!
Eeyore  My niece loves this cuddly Eeyore - and enjoyed his removable tail greatly!
Grandson loved it.
Ideal item for Christmas  Product is of good quality and at 12 inches tall is a good size as well.  Child loves this item which she say at the Disney gift shop during our recent vacation.  She remembered it 2 months later and asked Santa for it.  Thanks goodness we could get online.
If they have it in stock, don't hesitate to purchase  This Elsa is beautifully crafted and a stunning plush doll. She and Olaf are my grandsons favorites. It was well worth it. My grandson went nuts and Elsa hasn't left his side since.  Elsa's cape is covered in sparkly snowflakes, and the rest of the gown is shimmery and beautiful. I had seen other plush Frozen characters at some stores that looked absolutely awful and were more expensive, so I was very happy with the price. Well worth it
talking 123 cookie monster  My daughter is at the learning age, and this toy actually helps. My daughter will sing with it and count her 1, 2, 3's along with cookie monsters. Definitely a toy to get for the little ones
Great for a Kid's Collection  My nephew got this for his 4th birthday; He loves anything from the Winnie the Pooh!! Owl holds up really well, hand washable, but he never goes outside the house, so they stay in good condition. Owl is very soft to the touch, and squishable, but retaines his shape. He's worth getting for my nephew's growing collection!!!!
Mike Wozousky  My little cousin loved  the toy, he is only 1.7 yr old and loves the movie. now he carries "Mike" all around!:)
Adorable. Great value.
Loving it!  The delivery was remarkably quick and was packaged securely. The Arceus looks awesome and was clean. Anyone who loves the new Pokemon or might like collecting Pokemon pluses should get one.
Best Purchase of My Life  Ok so that may be overstated, but it's still adorable. Love it so much.
For baby Farah  This was bought for my infant baby Farah. The color is vibrant and it's plush touch to her skin. The color combination is very beautiful. At four months old she is beginning to recognise it by trying to hold it and play. She sleeps with it and we hope as she grows, she will recognise it as hers and carry it wherever she goes but for now, it's in her crib when she sleeps.
Love though i will have to reglue part of his hair
Love it!! Best purchase ever.
great stuffy  Excellent quality My daughter loves him and he is ultra soft.
cute  I bought one similar for my son when he was little this one is for his son.  The one for my son made train sounds this one doesn't make sounds which is probably better for using it as a pillow.  :)
my baby gets interested and let me feed her easily.
My girl loved it!
adorable kids loved them
Great! Will be a big hit Christmas morning!
6 yr old son's new favorite toy  With a rough little boy toting him around everywhere, even used to act out his imaginary battles, Waluigi has shown no wear and tear.  Although his face scares me, my son loves this little stuffy.
Just what we wanted  Got here within like 3 days. Perfect size for my 2 yo daughter. Barney's voice and the beat of the song was pretty off but she's only 2 so obv doesn't notice that. The buttons kind of hard to push for her to push but it's kinda nice so were not having to hear that all day everyday
Was just great and awesome good price
Fourth one I've purchased!
ergrthrthr  aegrtyjfyujkdtyjn
Great attention to detail!  Well made plush. It exceeded all my son's expectations. Great attention to detail with textured tongue, leather-like fabric on hooves, ribbed horns, bulgy eyes nice color and a cool little tail.
great for naruto  so cute! great for naruto cosplayers
Well made and my daughter loves them.
great product and the loud clicks of each buckle are perfect for our son
Ciel plush  I got this and it is adorable, I like the clothing and eye patch that you can remove. Any fan should get this!
Mr. Grouper  Great buy, because Mr. Grouper is really big and cute and cuddly.  My toddler granddaughter loves to snuggle with him.
It's cute and a great tool for potty training
Super cute!  A little smaller than I expected... but I hadn't looked at the dimensions so not a big deal. Super cute!
Fantastic  My nephew went nuts with this. He was so excited that he got the big one that nothing else for his birthday mattered. He even put it on his head like a hat. He just could not thank me enough.
Great Product. Would Buy Again.
Survived "muddy puddles!"  My toddler loves Peppa and George. They have been to daycare several time, played on the trampoline, and had a few experiences in some "muddy puddles." Through all of their adventures and several washing machine and dryer visits, Peppa and George are still holding up and look just as good as they did when they arrived at our home!
Excellent Television  There is so much to love about this set.  My favorite feature is the SRT which makes even standard definition broadcast look great.  I definitely had my doubts about how well the SRT would work since I bought this set without seeing it in person, but this is a feature I am very happy about.  I think almost any TV in this class is going to make HD look amazing so the SRT is what really makes this set stand out to me.  I do also appreciate the stable sound feature which keep commercials from blaring.  Build quality and casing look good.  As for Cons with this set, I do wish it were thinner and had a smaller bezel but these are not big enough complaints for me to take off a star.  4" thick and 1.5" bezel is fine.  This set does not have any extra memory card or internet connectivity which did not matter to me but it probably is important to some people.  Entirely happy with this product - we've only had it for a couple days so these are initial impressions as of the  time of this review.  We bought from Amazon directly and the delivery service was really nice - I am glad I did not need to load that huge box in my car.  UPDATE 4 MOS ON:  Still love it.  No issues, its a fantastic set.
My son is still going to love this!  Thought it would actually play songs instead of having to constantly hit the tummy but that's my fault for not reading since the info in the description lol. My son is still going to love this!
Son loved it.
the child who bought this was in love with it
This was a great gift
These are fun collectables, the kids love them. Fast shipping
Excelent toy. Big as advertised
Grandkids loved them.  So cute.  Grandkids loved them.
made a great funny christmas present.
Perfect!  I love the plush! It's super cute and the one I got was authentic! I bought this as a gift for a friend and she loves it.
Love it! My kids are very entertained and exercise their fine motor skills. My kids are 2 and 1 years of age
So very cute!  I bought it for my friend's daughter and when I saw it in person it was so cute I almost kept it for myself :-)
Bought for my friends older son who is five, he loves it so much and carries it to everywhere!
Bought for my class who absolutely LOVE Dog Man!! Very happy with product 
Love it!  As a new fan of tractors my son loves it!!
Great  FLUFFY, huggable even!
100% cuteness
My two year old granddaughter loves it
For granchildren  My grandchildren love the Mario games and characters.  Princess Daisy is one of their favorites.  Doll looks like game character and made of nice materials.
The amazing Perry  Bought it for a gift and the girl loves it.  The christmas lights do light up.  You would have to watch Phineas and Ferb to appreciate this character.
Very nice
Too Cute  Very cute. I have seating on my couch next to Kyle. These are mine and I'm not sharing!
My 1 year old loves it!
Pleased  Great priced gift for my baby boy!! Very pleased very educational toy.  Bought for great price.  Glad I got it
Elmo by Gund  Purchased Elmo at amazon.com. Product arrived quickly within a week. My sister also ordered one for her daughter so I had to return the one that I purchased. Elmo stuff toy is durable and my 2 year old niece enjoys playing with it.
Clover  so cute and cuddly my great granddaughter loves him. she pets him and hugs him all the time. So glad I got him for her.
Very soft & cute  Very soft & cute little guy! Daughter & niece loved it!
Awesome!  Bought these for my son (8) who is so fascinated with science. We discuss what the microbe is and does to the human body. He loves them, and now wants his own microscope!
Adorable Doll  This is a great doll. If your little one loves Trolls, they'll love this. I found one on Amazon that is inexpensive.
Buy it now!  Great item. More or less 3 feet of pure 80's awesomeness. The seller too was great.
Gave as a gift.
GREAT GIFT!  My daughter bought this as a birthday gift for her best friend. They both enjoy anime and her friend likes this character. When it arrived in the mail, I was pleasantly surprised with the size and quality. It looks just like the picture, except a lot larger. This is a great gift for anyone who enjoys this anime series!
Super cute!
My son loves to
My daughter loves this. She says now she can sleep with Thorin every night!!
Kids love it, nice product.
Nice  Like
Cute and exactly as advertised  Exactly as advertised.
So adorable I love it ! Came in earlier then expected too !
All little girls love Elsa!  Love it. As pictured.
LOVE IT  LOVE IT FABULOUS
Together  What's to say, they are all so cute together in the special Minecraft box
Perfect toy for a busy toddler  My 18 month old son is very busy. These types of toys allow him to focus and engage his mind. It is also a great toy to have in the car if you have a restless toddler. The quality is really good, the material is soft and the colors are bright.
My child is a huge fan of the Uglies.  She has them all and loves them and the different personalities they have.  My daughter found her first Ugly three years ago on a trip.  We were so excited when we found there were more to be had.  These Stufties have become a staple of our household. They can be seen in every corner. She loves them and their personalities.  I don't know about educational value, but I give them an A+ for creative measures.  I was most delighted to find that the Uglies were a product of someone's love letters.  We give them as gifts to friends, and my kid finds them great company when she has to play alone.
I love this thing  I love this thing! I feel silly being almost 30 and loving this so much, but it's adorable. It's so soft and adorable.
It's so cute and holds more than i expected
Great product  Cute and cuddly friend. Recommend this to all sloth lovers..
A must have!  Seriously, the best toy for my 20 month old.  She is obsessed with buckling every buckle her little hands can come across during the day, this toy was made for her.  It's bright, cute and not too large...perfect for little fingers.  She affectionately calls it "Bucky".
Eeyore love  What's to say? Disney rocks!
Creeeeeepyyyyy.  I think this thing is creepy as heck, but the kid adores it.  Seems decently made for what it is. I'm just waiting for it to suddenly appear outside my bedroom door screaming :-p.
His freakin' ear comes off!  It's kinda mean spirited to make fun of a tortured genius with a plush toy. I still lauged though. I lost the ear. Sorry Vince!
Very Cute!  My 2 year old son loves this toy!  He sleeps with it and takes it everywhere he goes!  I love that I can just throw it in the laundry when needed...he does try and pull the "fake" pull string that is sewen in on the back which I think is cute.  Its a great toy for a toddler/baby.  It was a great price and I got the package within reasonable delivery dates.
adorable!
Good material, soft filling  My kid loves it. Good material, soft filling. A bit pricey for something small
Elmo  1 year olds loved it.
Excellent plush!  This is a nice quality stuffed animal: well made, good colors, soft, durable.  And fun.  Who doesn't like Sully from Monsters Inc.?  My one small complaint is that I wish the eyes had pupils that were at the same position instead of one high, one low.  It makes him a little too goofey looking this way.  Just a little, though.  Overall, really great.  Much better than I was expecting.
So perfect!  He arrived in perfect condition, not squished by packaging or anything. He's very soft and cuddly, as well as being well-made! His bone club comes away from the rest of him very easily, but that's easily fixable if you have a needle and thread handy (or you can leave it separate! It doesn't hurt him at all). There were also a few loose stitches at the back of his helmet, but that's also easily fixable and it was more of a nitpick on my part- there weren't any holes, but I wanted to fix the stitching a little just in case ^w^ I highly recommend this plushie for anyone who loves Cubone (I sure do)!  I named him Lazarus, because he came in the mail at the same time as a Lapiz Lazuli sphere I'd ordered, and also because in the Pokemon lore he takes death (the possible death of his mother) and turns it into life (protection for himself by making a helmet), which kinda relates back to the Biblical character (though I'm not religious). I call him Lazzy for short :D
thank you
My niece absolutely loved Elmo.
Excellent!  My wife loves it.  Excellent!
Satisfied  Cool gift. Fast shipping.
great....
Great  Great item! Looks great and is an attention grabber. Very happy with this purchase and item. Strongly suggest the buy
It was a gift and well  It was a gift and well received
Mine came in great condition, no tears or rips in the fabric. And great price
Marie Cutie!  So sweet and cute!!
Just like the picture. My kiddo loves it!
Daughter loved the slippers  According to my 6 year old these slippers are comfortable. Oh heck they even fit my feet so I tried them on and they feel soft.  They are pretty long so running in them has caused a couple accidents (for her we are talking about her again).  She got them for Christmas and haven't had any problems with the slippers.
Adorable!!  Daughter collects hello kitty ty dolls, and my husband is a huge kiss fan! It fit right into our home! Adorable!!
Perfect for Peppa Fans!  Excellent deal! These are really well made. An impressive set for any Peppa fan! Arrived sooner than expected as well.
perfect for a baby gift!  bought as a baby shower gift and the little one still loves it in his toddler years. I will definitely keep it in mind for any other baby showers!
Best toy ever for a 4 year  She loves it! Best toy ever for a 4 year old
great toy; quality and look are just as expected
Boo is awesome.  My daughter received this as a gift when she was 8 months old.  8 months later she still loves Boo.  She likes to bite his nose.  I think he looks like the real Boo and we have a dog name Roo, so my daughter is able to say both Roo and Boo and loves them both.
Very Cute  I had this set sent to my grandson and was told he loves them. Woodstock has become his favorite. So far these have survived the ruff play of an 18 month old.
Got these for a friends granddaughter that loves the Paw Patrol. She immediately fell in love with them and has slept with them every night since. I was surprised at the great quality and larger size than I expected. Great value.
Great gift for grandchildren!
)) Happy with my purchase  This little guy is so cute!  Purchased this for my son for Christmas.  Well made as the hair does not fall out at all.  I know this because my dogs continue to steal it and claim it as their new toy:))  Happy with my purchase!
Great size. Love it  Very soft. Great size. Love it!
Very cool!!!  Crystal LOVED this gift, it was on her wish list so I knew I couldn't go wrong.  Giant Microbes Rock
Awesome  Son loves it!!
EXTERMINATE!  So adorable!  Love this!  Only disappointment is that the listing shows the box, but it does NOT come with the box.  Either update the listing to say no box, or include the box.  Most collectors WANT the boxes these items come in.  Just because it's a plush doesn't mean the box is not important.  :-)
Great Buy my kid was happy playing with his new wario and waluigi, thanks.
Our 8 year old loves it!  Bought for our 8 year old for Christmas.  He loves it!  Seems decently made for the price.  Would recommend for any doom fan.
Super cute I bought two for my mermaid themed nursery
My 1 year old loved this Elmo :)
5 Stars
Bought these as a gift. Came promptly and as advertised.
My son loved his new plus toy! Big Mario fan!
Awesome toy!  I got this for an 18 month old because she watches blues clues all the time.  It is the perfect size for her and very easy to carry..
Good
Great toy for little ones.  My 8 month old son loves this toy. It's soft enough that he can throw it around without hurting himself while he improves his coordination.
Hello Kitty beanie baby  So cute just like pic.  Gave this to my cousin that loves Hello Kitty.  Has the cutest little outfit on with a skull emblem on it.  Love it!
Great for my Kids, and for Us  My whole family has to deal with constant dry skin.  This product has been fantastic for us!  It has especially made a difference for my children.  Highly recommended!
This item came way before I expected which was great #1! Number 2 the item is good quality and almost an exact replica of the one in the movie. Such a great buy for the price. I am hoping my nephew will love it!
Great product! It is so cute and very good seller it arrived to Spain within 2 weeks!
Great
Great toy
18th month old LOVES this toy!  I ordered this for my daughter when going on our first flight as a family. She was 16 months at the time and couldn't buckle the snaps on her own, but we did it together. Her interest really grew a few months later around 18 months because she could snap them herself. It's nice seeing her develop with the same toy. She doesn't necessarily match the colors when she snaps them, but figures out how to make it work. I know that will develop later. This toy keeps her focus and once she buckles them, she brings it to us to unfasten the buckles. I accidentally ordered two, but we use them both! One of the pieces of fabric was coming undone when it arrived, but it is still fine and the products were in great shape otherwise.
Speedy Vulpix  When I saw the 'arrive by' date, I let out a groan. It was over a month! But it wouldn't be my first item from overseas. However, I was surprised when it arrived two weeks ahead of the earliest date scheduled! This is suppose to be a Christmas present, and seeing it in person now, I know the person who it'll go to will love it. The only problem is keeping it out of sight until the holidays come around.  It's a fair size. The tails are absolutely adorable. I almost don't want to remove it from it's protective bag.
My son loves it & so does his peers!  He uses it for school and he is not a gentle kid with items. Some times he packs clothing in it for sleep overs even after we tell him not to. But all in all it's great material, beautifully made, the detail in the leather is amazing and all his classmates ask where did he get it. He actually feels good because he's the only child at his middle school who has the backpack.
Really really good  Little joshi! Is so cute, really really nice for kids (as well as adults who loves nintendo)  absolutely recomend get this one as well as the other ones, Mario, peach.  Really nice
Very good!  My son loves this one. He wanted one that did not look 'cheap' and said this one actually looks like the cartoon character.
Cute toy  My son loves this stuffed Stella
Perfect Addition To The Nursery  This item was described perfectly.  My grandson's nursery is being decorated in a safari theme.  I've had a difficult time finding stuffed animals that would match the theme.  This was absolutely perfect.  The measurements given in the description are accurate.  The measurements were very important as I wanted this to go on a built in book shelf.  It fit perfectly.
Great for toddlers learning to buckle in straps. Keeps them entertained for awhile!
I just love this so much  Soooo cute
Great size, love the red color.
A++  For starters love that this shipped straight from Japan complete with all the Japanese shipping stamps and such packaging. I mean how much more authentic can that be? This was a late Christmas/early birthday gift to my daughter and her eyes lit up at how big is was. You can't beat this price for a plush this big for what you find at the dealers market at anime conventions. She loved the fabric and feel and proudly adds it to her show and tell group of plushies.
Love it  So cute and soft! The only complaint is that some the fluff in the back falls out
Very pleased with this purchase
grandson loved it
Definitely not Baloo!  Delighted with this purchase. It is definitely Raksha and it almost completes my Jungle Book collection.
excellent my daugther can't stop play with them
It is Adorable and perfect size  Got his for little grand 2 yr Bday party! Came just in time! It is Adorable and perfect size! Grabbed the Wiggle Octopus book to pair with it! Great duo and gift! Thanks! Happy Customer, Jazz C.
The calendar is very nice and arrived in a timely manner.
it seems to be a good product.  arrived on time
Just right  Great item. Perfect size for a 3 year old. Seems high quality material and detail is great. Packaged very well and arrived on time.
We can throw all the other toys away my granddaughters love their buckle toys  We can throw all the other toys away my granddaughters love their buckle toys
love it
Leia...!  Precious princess! So this is a furry little pink plushie that is really too cute to throw around! Durable but so stinking' cute with her little hairdo and big ol' eyes! My son (5) picked it out as his girl BFF's Christmas present and we all love It!
Excellent quality.  Bought for my 3 year old granddaughter and she adores her Kion.  Constant companion.
Adorable!  Just as adorable as the photograph!
Must have for any SM fans!!  5yr old loves Sailor moon and loves this plushy! Nice size and good quality!
A+  My wife loves it, and the fact it's a  conservation critter means the money (hopefully) goes to saving real Fennec Foxes
She is very pretty and well made  I start Christmas shopping early. Granddaughter loves her...especially the silky tail... She is very pretty and well made !
Gift for a shark lover  This was a present for my daughters Golden Birthday. She loves sharks and was ecstatic to receive this as a gift. It looks very lifelike and is super soft and comfy, not as big as I had imagined but it is 40 inches from nose to tip of tail. Great product for the price.. would def recommend for any child who is a shark lover. Shipping was exceptionally fast as well. 2 thumbs up! :)
When it makes my great grandson light up and laugh  When  it makes my great grandson light up and laugh, it is well worth everything.
great product!!  I bought this for my daughter and she LOVES it!! She plays and dances with it all the time.  I think this product is a great way for my daughter to be constantly active and exercising more.  The plush on the product is so soft that she has been sleeping with it every night.  The CD was also a great add on, it taught her how to use it. Would recommend this product to anyone who has children.
Night night friend  Looking for a small new friend for bedtime?  Ready for a small stuffed friend to travel in the car with your toddler?  This llama llama is ready for a new friend - - your child will be PERFECT!
Perfect!  My 3 year old LOVES the bubble guppies, before they only had Molly, Gill and Bubble Puppy. I was so excited to see they had all the other characters available. I paid 14.99 for it - not too bad but if i would have bought them the night before they were only 9.99. Looks like they are out of stock now. So if you have a bubble guppy fan and this item is available I would snatch it up ASAP! But these are GREAT quality and the perfect size. Overall this item is amazing!
Daughter Loves It.  We gave this to our nine year old. She cant get enough. She communicates with her Furby on our tablet. Very entertaining. Definitely recommend.
T. I. double G. ERRRRRRR  Son loves the toy.  Plush, safe, good coloring, stands up to toddler abuse {the most rigorous item abuse test known to mankind}.
Cute little wookie :)  Love this little plushie! So cute! Perfect size for little hands! Gave this as a gift and the little boy loves it. Quality is good, parts seem well intact.
I'm so glad I did  I fought myself on if I should buy this or not.. I'm so glad I did! I love my buckbeak, the picture doesnt do him justice.
Little girl I bought it for took to it immediately.
Daughter Love This Doll  Very happy and pleased. This doll looks just like the picture.  My silly little girl put lipstick on her though!  lol
I love Oh. He is sitting on my bed right now.  Im  Still waiting for Pig to arrive.  I keep looking every day in the mail.  :(
Super cute. My dog loves it.
loves it
These are high quality minions  These have been a huge hit! Many stuffed minions I saw online got poor reviews for quality and workmanship but these are well made and nice and soft. They are small ( slightly smaller than a Beanie Baby) but that's what we wanted...minions are meant to be little :-)
Too cute
Accept No Substitute!  First of all: Buy it from BIG YARDS. I know other reviewers have complained about receiving knock-offs, but I can state that the one I purchased from them is the real-deal. It took 8 days (5 business days) from making the order to receiving it in the mail, and I was delighted that the $6.39 I had spent on this didn't go towards funding some bootleg operation (although slightly less so now, as apparently the price has dropped to $6.13 at the time of writing, and I absolutely love getting the best deal possible). it's a wonderfully soft, adorable little thing, and I'm quite satisfied with my purchase.
Adorable stuffed animal. I used it for an office video award instead of an "Oscar"
was extremely happy with this  Came just as I expected to and earlier than the projected ship by date, was extremely happy with this.
Perfect for my granddaughter.  She loved it.
Made very well
It got here promptly and was a great gift.
Amazing Cow  The cow was in great shape when received.  It does have it's own unique pattern as described.  One feature not shown is that it has one row of legs.  My son is very happy with it.
Cool stuffed animal  Very cute and stands on its own. Very happy with this thing. Good size and good price. Very awesome dog.
Awesome gift!  My son loved this!  I thought this was a good size for the price, and it's very soft!  Great for kids to put their heads on and read.
So much better than a peppa we bought at Wal-Mart  My daughter loves her new piggys.  These are well made made. Surpassed  my expectations!! So much better than a peppa we bought at Wal-Mart.
Worth extra for the leather cover, very sturdy  Great quality leather cover, worth the price difference. I bought the leather version of this pocket diary after reading that the glue on the non-leather version was weak and the pages broke out. I'm glad I did. The glue in this version is very nice and no pages have gotten loose or even seem loose at this stage. From the tightness of the bind and past experience, I'm guessing that won't change as the year goes on, but I'll amend this review if it does.  I've bought At-a-Glance pocket diaries for my dad for years and really haven't had any complaints. However, after buying the version with the leather cover this year, I'm very pleased with the jump in quality. It's definitely worth the ~$10 difference in price that I paid. Much nicer in looks and feel... Dad also noted the quality and was very happy with the diary.  The quality and compactness off this pocket diary is a given. For those who don't like using the calendar in their phone, the hand-held diary is must.  The one negative about this diary is that I wish it had a design that let one slip the address book out of one diary and into the next year's diary. Many year's ago, Dad received free leather pocket diaries that he shared with all the family members that had that feature and it was incredibly handy.
For Lovers of Keith Baker's Pea Books  No idea what these are from... (Toy Story), but if your child loves Keith Baker's Peas books, definitely consider these. :)
LOVE IT  too cute...my 11 year old in love with pokemon...need i say more. shipping was good, price i paid for it was fair. thanks
NOTHING BUT PROS FOR THIS PLUSH  This is one of the NICEST plush I've ever purchased, not to mention the cutest.  If you've ever been to bed bath and beyond and touched their ultra soft plush pillow covers, it's similar to that, but better.  The material is a fuzz-fuzz feel.  It's true to it's 6" roots, with the tag being pretty darn large too.  I've never seen a tag like that.  Usually the pokemon plush that I purchase online has a blue tag or a square tag, but this one is definitely one of a kind.  This item is perfect for me, as a collector and pokemon freak! I would highly recommend this to EVERYONE, once you see Emonga on USA television (thank god for Japanese imports and early releases), there really is no going back!
exelent
My sons loved the Domo doll  Just as described.  I have two sons - 10 and 12.  They each got one.  They love the Domo character and were very happy to get one of these.  I ordered them for Christmas and received them in time.  I couldn't beat the price.
Just as advertised. Granddaughter loves it.
"The Daily Adventures of Itty Bitty PVT Beckman"  I love this so much.  My son left for boot camp a few months ago.  One of my fellow Army moms had the idea to carry this guy with us and photograph him everywhere we go.  It really has been so much fun. It somehow makes us feel close to him when we are unable to speak to him.  I can't wait to show my son this little diary of what's been happening while he's been gone.
My kids love it
Great little plush toy. My son loves it.
Excellent product, my daughter loves it!!
Cuttest dog  I think everybody is familiar with Boo now. Its really cute and my GF loves it. Looks little small when i received it.
I love it, it wasn't a fake like my bowser jr plush I got
we love lowly! he is bendable too
Great workmanship  It was perfect. High quality and great plush. Great detail and work was put into this. For the price its a great buy especially if your a fan/collector
Disney Donald Duck Plush Toy 18"  It was just what I was expecting. Just like the picture.  My great grandson loved it.  Previously I purchased a Mickey Mouse Plush Toy and it was perfect too.  Thanks
Good
SO CUTE  OMG SO CUTE! Smaller than i expected, But still adorable and great for a animal crossing fan! :) Overall i love it <3
GIFT  NICE GIFT FOR MY GRANDAUGHTER
Adorable and well made.  My daugher likes it a lot.
Adorable!  Super cute and soft! A little smaller than I thought it'd be, but it's adorable!
Son Loves It  Bought it with the Freddy Fozzbear for my son on his birthday,  and he takes them with him everywhere.  Eyepatch is a little flimsy,  but otherwise very soft and we'll made.
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Doesn't have an on/off button and battery pack is well hidden in hair.
It was adorbs!
Great product. Just what I needed  Prompt delivery. Great product. Just what I needed.
great way to tie books in with the animals--my grandkids loved these!!
Thank you!!!!!!
Received in time to have my son place in casket of one of his favorite uncles who passed away  Fast delivery, very cute, this picture doesn't do it any justice. Received in time to have my son place in casket of one of his favorite uncles who passed away. Fishing was their thing and so this meant a lot to him to do.
Cute huggable person for those who don't like being alone.  She is the cutest. She's one of my best friends. And she's very huggable.
Cute!  So cute! Granddaughter loves it!
It was awesome. My daughter loved it
Patamon  His super cute his litterlly like a life size patamon worth it
Jazwares has blowed my mind  When I first purchased this, I thought that this plush set would be small, since people did say of its size. When It came, I saw that the package was small, but when I opened it, I found out that they were twisted and turned to fit in such a small packet. Their size to me is acceptable, but the thing that makes it so much better than then the others is that Jazwares made them in more detail. This product is very lovable, and will stay in my room(my game room in the future)as proof that these high quality toys make Minecraft come to life.
Great replacement for the real one  So soft! The plush is super cute and well made. I got so many compliments on it at the hospital!
my nephew was very pleased with this character.
just what I wanted great quality  Got here fast, just what I wanted great quality
good quality  bought for a friend, quality is very nice! the recipient enjoyed it. would buy again for someone else. or maybe me. :)
6 year old loving the creeper  My 6 year old daughter loves this creeper. She's named him Jake. The size and quality is totally as expected.
Incredible!  It's so great to have such an interesting and unique item. My son has been collecting Mario themed plushies for the last several years and this is by far one of his favorites.
Perfect size, safe without removeable features like plastic eyeballs, soft all over for snuggling at bedtime.
Perfect... small enough to take along when going places. Well made!
Great toy for a great kid!  Xmas gift for my little nephew, He loved it.  I score bonus points for this being the "One he wanted."
perfect, love it  On time, perfect, love it
Granddaughter loves!!  My granddaughter fell right away in love with this guy! Too cute and super soft! Love him!!!!! Highly recommend for decor or kids!
Mario Love  My son adores his plush Mario toys. He displays them and also plays with them. This guy is very cute and soft. You can stuff his tongue into his mouth and squeeze him to pop it out, which always gets a giggle from my 10 year old son.
This  I bought for my Grandson needless, to say he loves it, very well made. Jean Plotkin
It's great  The material is so soft, and I'm extremely satisfied with the size. I love it
Good
Like it very much!
great gift she loved it
plush Dr suess cat  This is the medium plush Dr Suess cat in the hat toy he is black white red white stripe tall hat red tie so cute great price and delivery
Cute
Cute and soft  Little stuffed Mario. My son just wishes it was a bit bigger
great deal for the price, nice detail  I think this looks great. I got it for my 4 year old son who requested a few muppet characters to play with. He likes it a lot. It is large and the quality and detail are good. The hair is a little funky but it is securely attached as of now. If it falls off I will try to fix it myself. For the price I think it was totally worth it.
It is our daughter's absolute favorite!
Adorable! Just what my son asked Santa for Christmas  Adorable!  Just what my son asked Santa for Christmas!
Great gift!  Cute dog, purchased for a friend in the hospital who has this breed of dog.  Fast shipping.
loved it
My Granddaughter loves Olaf! :)
adorable  Very happy with this purchase. It came right on time and in good condition. I gave it to my niece for Christmas and she absolutely loves it! Thanks!
Great Product!  This plush is amazing! Its soft and very well made. For those who are wondering if its authentic, it is. The tag that is attached is the tag that all the Mega Pokemon plush have and that the Pokemon Center is using to prevent bootleg ones. Overall this plush is great and a great addition to anybodies collection.
Quick delivery, good pricing  Delivered really quickly, good price, and this was exactly the Mewtwo I was looking for! :)
I gave this as a gift. It's so soft!
I buy this for all my grandkids they love it. Helps at night when u want them to sleep alone.
Very nice doll!  Cute little doll!  Appears to be good quality - we'll see how it holds up with my 8 year old stepdaughter.
Great gift for Tween Boys!  Now that my son and all his friends are turning 13, I struggle to find Birthday gifts for them.  This is definitely it!  It is goofy and funny and gross - just what they like!  I usually add a zombie game (ie, "Zombie Dice" or "Zombie Flux") or a zombie t-shirt (ie, "Friends Help You Kill Zombies") to the gift and it's always a hit!
Very happy with this product very good condition.
Big and Adorable  Great size. My son loves it!
Ten year old daughter: It's really cute. One of the coolest Pokemons.
My daughters favorite stuffy.  Soft and adorable
Exactly what I wanted.
Can't go wrong
Baby loves it.  My baby loves this it's soothing and super playful. Soft and good safe design. I recommend this product to anybody.
What kid doesn't love buckles?!
My daughter received this as a Christmas gift and she loves it. It's very well made.
Love it!  Coolest megaman plush i've ever had! even though its my only one :D now this super fighting robot can keep my manga collection safe when noone's around XD
good quality & shipped on time  Large, good quality & shipped on time, all a must for me. Grandson loved it.
good  It was soft, and so cute! It did take a awhile for it to come in but oh well! I love it tho.
for niece  I bought this through the Disney Store online and one of my nieces loved this and wanted to take this home. I told her no because I wanted to get this for her for her birthday. It arrived on time and is a great buy I know she will love it. I know she will call it Rainbowdash
Love their big eyes!  Got these for my daughter to put in her car in the back window, I love it because it helps me to find her car easily. She loves how kids behind her in cars enjoy seeing them! Its great to bring others joy with these adorable cuties!
Lil Cthulhu Cute  The cutest little stuffed plush. Love it!
SUPER CUTE!
Lots of fun for a toddler - good out-to-dinner toy  My daughter loved her highchair buckle so much that I thought she would enjoy this buckle toy - she loves it! Perfect for an out-to-dinner toy too because plush, quiet, and contained but many hours (17 month old, minutes?). We love it.
Just as described.
My 2 yr old loved this for her birthday. It went perfectly with her favorite books.
Very nice
Satisfies the buckle junkie in your toddler.  My daughter recently acquired a fascination for buckles. Her highchair, her car seat, you name it. I decided I would buy a bunch of buckles on Ebay and give them to her to keep her occupied. Then I thought, "Could there be something out there that would satisfy my daughter's cravings?" A couple of quick Google searches led me to Buckle Toys. It does the job, plain and simple.  If your kid is a buckle junkie like mine, consider picking one up.
Woody is great !!  Woody looked much better than I expected.  I would recommend my friends buy it from you , I am waiting for Buzz Lightyear I'll be happy if he looks as good as Woody.......
great product Fast delivery  I get these for my son when he does good in school. He has a big collection. Better than the USA conterparts, these Japanese versions are better quality hands down.
Bacon :D  The ears and the tail are ripping, but overall it is a good toy :). It is also very cute. ^^
... are soft not hard plastic and the plush is super soft!  The eyeballs are soft not hard plastic and the plush is super soft!
Made my kids day!  This was a "congrats on making it through the school year" for my daughter. She loves it. It's squishy, so fat and chubby, plump, round, cute....she couldn't find enough words to describe the amount of cute and fat that it was lol.  Shipping was timely, with no hitches. Item was packed nicely.
Like
Always a fab choice  My granddaughter loved this and slept with it that night!
My son loves it!
Looks great, my son loves it.
Awesome doll. My daughter loves it.
SO CUTE!  I ordered this and it is the cutest thing ever! It's well put together and fells wonderfully soft. It's amazing!
Christmas present  We wanted this "life size" doll for my 3 year old for Christmas.  It was a huge hit.  She is special needs and likes soft dolls.  NO complaints so far.
Very soft - great size for toddlers  This little Elmo is super soft with stitched features.  Perfect size for my 22 month old - not too big not too small.  Does have some beans in it so I think it has to be surface cleaned only.
Perfect for small kids, cute and soft!  Perfect size for little hands! He's Beanie Baby sized. Really adorable, excellent construction. He has a velvet feel to him. Stuffed and beans, but not floppy.  My 2 yr old granddaughter loves Finding Dory and this was a great addition to her toys.
Great plush! My Girlfriend love it!!, great quality, the same as Disney store, no doubt.
Happy with purchase
Great Learning Toy for My Toddler  This toy is very simple--5 different buckled straps, a zipper, shapes on the tail, and numbers on the belly. It is sturdy, colorful, and fun. My 21-month-old daughter has been able to snap and unsnap all of the snaps, and loves the zippered mouth. I am going to order another one for my niece.
GREAT
Friend loved it!  Purchased as a gift for a friend. Friend loved it!
Perfect size and cuddly soft  Perfect size and cuddly. My daughter loved it.
She hasn't gotten him very dirty so I haven't washed him  My daughter loves her stuffed Mike toy. She hasn't gotten him very dirty so I haven't washed him. Also, he has a small hole that needs mending, but all in all a good plush toy.
Yo Gabba Gabba Foofa  My granddaughter loved this for her birthday it was the perfect size for her and it looked just like Foofa.
Great product and service  I love the dog and it came earlier than they said it would, which was perfect timing for my school event. Thank you!
WE NEED TO BUY THE REST LOL  M 2 yr old son carries this ball everywhere! Its the perfect shape and size. It's super soft and I've thrown it in the wash and its still perfect! I want to buy him some more :)
OK for Son with Autism  Got this for my son with Autism. He has become great friends with Animal. He pretends it's a puppet and puts on the grandest little dramatizations.  I only with the rest of the world was so accepting of him as Animal is.
He is great and my granddaughter loves him but I did have to redo the buttons so that they all came off!
Perfect for toddler cuddles!  This was a gift from a friend we gave to our newborn. 3 years later, she's still sleeping with it. We've had to purchase multiple replacements due to a few losses on airplanes etc. Thank goodness it can still be found online! It's soft and cute!
As the photo indicated, a Disney Pooh  The Pooh Bear was a birthday gift for a teen. She wanted a genuine Disney Pooh Bear that was not a knock-off. That is what arrived, a genuine Disney Pooh Bear that matches the photo. And, that is all you can ask for in a retail transaction ... getting what you pay for without a hassle.
a very satisfactory purchase  Delivery was very fast and tracked, so I could follow the items through its journey. I wasn't expected the one with candies, so I was very happy finding the little guy and its tiny bag full of funny sweet. I recommend to buy it!!
Good news everyone!  Absolutely adorable!  Bought for use in a crane machine and is a perfect size for that.  Well made and super soft.
Perfect gift for any AT fan!  Perfect gift for my little brother, my husband wants one now! I'm an average sized woman and this is about the size of my hand when stretched open!
Loved it!  I'm obsessed with my otter! They're my favorite animal so I might just be biased, but I was very excited to see this furry thing in my box. :)
... wrap around my daughter in an embrace is so sweet. Also  Watching Elmo's arms wrap around my daughter in an embrace is so sweet. Also, when she puts him down and he goes to sleep and snores, it's so cute! Didn't realize that his mouth would move when he talked, nice touch! Great buy.
Great stuffed animal!  So soft and better than I expected!
Looked great!
Super cute and soft.  My daughter loves it!
Fantastic!!  My daughter absolutely loves these!  The characters are larger than expected.  Cannot recommend these enough.  Took about a week to get here, which was way earlier than expected.  Great deal, no issues, will definitely order Peppa items for my daughter again.
2 20 month old received and lot Elmo.  It was a hit
Sweet and not bad on allergies  My grandson (5) loves this pup...he won't collect the dust of a normal plush pet and he is a sweet character, Zuma. Zuma is a hero dog who is not violent...I like that.
Absolutely different and my kid loved it
Exactly as described and my grandson loves it
The little one love Olaf!!!  What a great product!!!  Plus it talks.  The little was on thrilled and hugged Olaf!!  It came quickly and was exactly hat I was looking for!
Very well-made Elmo plush stuffed animal  Nicely made big soft eyes made of soft material and the rest of the body is plush the mail the child connection stick their hand inside of it opens it's made really well and it's a nice size almost as tall as my two-year-old niece
To cute for words
I got it for my son he LOVES IT!
Very cute and my 26 year old daughter loves it.
Perfect size  My (3 year old) daughter loves this doll. Aurora is her favorite (mostly because of the pink dress!), and she has barely put this thing down since she got it. I love that it's smaller than the other line of Disney Princess dolls -- takes up less space in her already crowded stuffed animal infestation! I will say that the light pink section around the top (the peplum, if you will!) has already started to fray after only a week of ownership.  Definitely a design flaw because it had raw edges to begin with. My daughter doesn't seem to care, but I know that it will only get worse. That would be my only complaint. Other than that, it seems very well made.
Good quality. Most importantly, my grandson loved it!
Thanks
Great for kids  Kids love them
Love it.  Just fot it a few days ago n Foxy plush Look great. My son excited to have it. Thank you so much
Awesome  Perfect, exactly what we were searching for! My daughter loves it and sleeps with it every night!
He is wonderful  It is was a baby shower gift... I could not believe has large and soft he is .. I am sure our new baby will love him.
great gift, great service, I want 2 more!
My baby loves this and carries her everywhere.
Awesome Yoda, just exactly as described  Awesome  Yoda, just exactly as described!! I love it  !!!
Perfect size for the doc mobile  My daughter loves these and plays with these all the time. Perfect size for the doc mobile!
We love the UglyDolls!  We love all the UglyDolls and decorated our baby's room with them. If you are tired of all the same old/same old, UglyDolls bring something new to the play room!
Small but nice  This is a small beanie baby sized doll. We used if for a stocking stuffer for our 2 year old :)
It was better than expected  It was better than expected. I got this as a goodbye gift to a coworker that was leaving. In the pics we took it almost looked like he was actually holding an animal. It was so soft and adorable.
A Timeless Classic  I grew up with this song, sang it to my kids and now to my grand-kids.  The book is great and includes the story behind the song, which makes it all that much more enjoyable.  Of course, it is also wonderfully illustrated for a good nap-time/bedtime read.  My newest granddaughter loves the Puff toy.  A timeless classic..
Adorable!  Could not be cuter! Some reviews have complained about the volume, but it is perfect to mask any noises outside of our 9 month old granddaughter's room when the whole family gets together! The soft light colors are just right.  She loves it!
just the right size for my grand babies.
Great little toy  This is so pretty and so soft.  My little Sailor Moon fan adores it.
Elmo 12" Plush  This was a big hit with my Granddaughter.
I absolutely fell in love with this little guy  I absolutely fell in love with this little guy. The plush is so quality and well made. And I didn't realize he had a music box built in when I ordered him, so that was a lovely surprise to find when I opened the package. I would highly recommend this to anyone who finds themself to be a fan of the Classical/Romantic Era composer.
Perfect size for my 2 year old daughter!!
GREAT FOR ROCKY PAW PATROL FANS  OUR  5YR OLD GRANDSON IS A FAN OF PAW PATROL BUT ESPECIALLY LIKES 'ROCKY'. THIS WAS THE BEST GIFT EVER FOR HIM OR ANY OTHER PAW PATROL FAN.
pleased with my purchase  This took a little longer to recieve compared to my prime items, but to my son they were well worth It! Not too big, not too small, he roleplays with other plants vs zombies plush and he tucks them into bed at night lol, pleased with my purchase!
Mahalo Kitty!  Must be of of the cutest and my most favorite Hello Kitty yet.  I have palce my Aloha Kitty in a Tropical setting on my desk at work and everyone loves it.  Mahalo and Great Job!
Love it
Perfect replica of movie character  Very soft and adorably well made. Love it!
Nicky's best  Wonderful
Great size to carry around.  I wanted and Elmo that my 15 month old granddaughter could carry around. This is the perfect size and the eyes are soft material. This minute she opened it she was excited to see Elmo. She hugged and kissed it.
Baby sister loves it =)  I think I love it too. My sister is happy that her Elmo plush now has a friend. I wish it was a bit bigger though and had a plush cookie but overall happy with it as long as my sis is.
Awesome loved it
Great toy  I purchased this for my 3 year old grandaughter and she loves it. She carries it everywhere. She loves the movie and toothless always watches it with her.
Awesome  It's the Animal!!!! what more do you need to say????  Wife loved it for a Christmas gift.  Shipped well and arrived plenty of time for Christmas.
Cute
Gift
Perfect present  Cutest elephant ever!!  My friend loved it!
She loved the dog!
Favorite one of the set. High detail. Super soft. Perfect for any collector
My daughter loves it!!!!!
Great for a plane trip!  Our 18-month-old has been fascinated with buckles for a while, so I bought this for a recent plane trip. She immediately stopped squirming and focused quietly on opening and closing the different types of buckles for almost half an hour (and still plays with it now in the car). Well worth the money.
Very happy, and looked real  Very happy, and looked real, toy for our new grandson whose parents are into wildlife. Thanks for the bird Margarete Durrant.
great  great
Rudolph  Arrived on time.  Great voice!
Grandbaby gonna love  it
Pokemon X and Y Meowstic(female)  this plushie came to me really fast, and when i was taking it out of the package it was REALLY soft like minky fabric soft, cant wait to add more pokemon X and Y plushies to my ever growing pokemon pushie collection
epicness  it was more than expected. great, clean, no damage, awesome and unwritten. liked it very much. the timing was late but worth the wait.
Large, cute  This was larger than I expected. It's pretty big. Of course my son loved it. He wanted to play with it right away. It was very soft. Toy Story is such a big hit, and this is a very recognizable character from it. As long as you are okay with the size, than it makes a nice gift. It looks just like the character from the movie.
Great plushes, not good for small children  These plush dolls were very nice and bigger than I thought they would be. I wouldn't recommend getting them for small children, especially if they play a little rough with their toys. I got these for my nephew when he turned 4 and he barely tossed them around and we had to do multiple "surgeries" on a few of the dolls to fix them up. Very nice other than that though.
Woody was a hit with my 5-year-old grandson  My grandson was already the proud owner of Buzz Lightyear and was thrilled to receive Woody. He sleeps with the doll and often takes him in the car. He is a much loved companion.
very ADORABLE  sooooo cuteeeeee
It was awesome!!!!
Super soft and lovable  My three year old got these for Christmas and loved them.  They are super soft and cuddly.  The baby does come attached to the Mama by a single stitch, but I clipped it before wrapping because I knew she would want them separate.  She hasn't stopped carrying them around since Christmas.
My grandson loves Elmo
Great deal, Great price and the boy loves them  Great deal, Great price and the boy loves them. They are very soft and my six year old drags one with him to most places.
Hello Kitty  Another Hello Kitty. Very Easter like. This is one of two bought and we love it. Looking forward to growing our collection. So many ways to display the type kitty's.
my duaghter loves the hello kitty doll very much  She holds it to sleep every night. She loves the hello kitty doll. And the fleece blanket is in good size which will be a great fit for small kids to have at nap time at school.
Great gift for my girlfriend  Great gift for my girlfriend! We love Ghibli Studio films and Ponyo is one of her favorites. The plush alone looked just like Ponyo and was made very well with nothing off. Great purchase. Imported pretty quick too, within 2-3 weeks of purchase date.
My Grandson loves it!
Frog  Son had one of these and needed a replacement, ordered this came in about a week and exactly like the old one! LOVE IT!  Thanks
This is great. My Grandson is 13 months and he loves zippers.  He cannot botton and snap yet, but it is there when he is ready to try.  Very strudy and fun.
Dtr loved
love them !!  Real real real! They came pretty fast I love them so much !!
like it!  i got this for my friend and she liked it. i surely recommend this product.
Loved It!  Amazing, the fabric is soft and I love it. I sat it on my stand, it looks perfect with my whole shelf of Naruto. Its cheap and very good quality. Buy it, you won't regret it. I didn't.
Spunky  Love this product, it fits great in our daughters play room and she loves to play with it.  It serves as the family dog until we get an actual dog.
Great Buy!  Excellent quality! The stitching detail on the face is really beautiful. I would highly recommend this doll.
Massive shark for all your cuddling needs  It's huge, it's soft, and did I mention it's huge? I love it!
Very Popular at Our House  We bought this for our niece.  It is a legitimate Gund Sesame Street model that you see in high end toy stores.  It is competitively priced here.  I see others have complained about the cardboard mouth.  Frankly, I don't know how this could be a problem unless you specifically set out to destroy the mouth.  I don't think I would even know if was cardboard, if it hadn't been pointed out by other people here.  If your child loves Elmo, as our niece does, there is nothing quite like an Elmo that is as big as they are.  It remains one of her favorite toys and companions!
Very good product and price shipping was on time and free is the only way to go.
Excellent
My niece loved this! She loves Elmo and this was perfect for her to carry around the house!
I love it!  Soft and lovable!  It will be the perfect companion to the Llama Llama Red Pajama book that I already bought for my precious little granddaughter.  Thank you.
Very cute and super soft!  Very cute and super soft!! I bought this for my daughter's Easter Basket (5 months old at the time) and she loves her Clover! It's everything I expected it to be!
Almost too great  My mom loves Dr. Who and this stuffed Dalek was perfect for her. I'll be sure to look into buying the other ones in the set in the future.
Perfect!  He's so cute! I love it.  Even the cats curl up with it.
Made a Great Gift...  My son loved these! The Eva plush's head turns 360, which my son thought was awesome.
Awesome quality  Great quality
Dragonair  I bought this for my sister as a birthday present. It arrived early and she absolutely loves this Pokemon plush. This plushie is extremely soft and very well made. I love the quality and how much it looks exactly like the Pokemon itself. It also bends nicely so you can put Dragonair in different poses. One of the best Pokemon plushies out there. I'd highly recommend this plush to any collector of the the Pokemon series. As far as the price goes, it was totally worth it to me. Will buy from this seller in the future! :) For anyone who is wondering, it is from the Pokemon Center. My sister verified it from the tag; she is a big Pokemon collector.
Tiger  Disney never fails to deliver the goods.  Tiger is a vibrant, cuddly, plush toy.  Great for the kid and the kid-at-heart!
Perfect baby companion.  Just as advertised.  This is a great stuffed Elmo for small children, especially for sleeping, since the only hard parts are the eyes.  I love it's smaller size, perfect for diaper bags.
My granddaughter loves the doll!
SO adorable!  Our baby received this lamb as a gift and it is just so cute!
Great  Just as advertised. Wife loves it.
What's not to love?  These are so cute!
Gr8 present when on a budget, much bigger then expected n fast shipping to!
Cute and not too loud
Surprisingly great quality! I was not expecting much, but this us honestly a great plush spaceship!
Chewbacca Angry Bird  Grandson loves it!
Well made sleep mask  This mask is great! It has a pleasant smell and feel. The two sides are different materials, with the inside being a smooth satin. The elastic straps are about an inch wide and keep the mask in place at night. It does let in a little light around the nose, but it's not enough that it bothers me.
Made very well and was delivered as promised.
otherwise TERRIFIC!  I wish the "Moonlight Sonata" melody was a little longer and clearer, otherwise TERRIFIC!
Purchased for my niece as the theme is elephants - even at 3 months old you can tell she loves this little elephant that sings to her!  Well made and well worth the price!!
Perfect Olaf  He's perfect!
Cute piece.  I added it to my beach pillows on bed in beach house.
Arrived as promised
Good toy for kids
Sublime Shiny Vaporeon! One of the best Vaporeon plushies you will EVER find!  I am an Eevee/Eeveelution fanatic, and this is probably the most INCREDIBLE Vaporeon plush I have EVER owned. I love this aquatic feline (Merlion) Pokemon, and I own both the medium-sized Tomy Vaporeon and the large Banpresto "I Love Eevee" Vaporeon (shown in the photo I've provided, for comparison) -- but this very special Vaporeon plush is absolutely my new favourite! Firstly, he's actually Shiny! You will not be able to find an official Shiny purple Vaporeon plush toy available from any other company. The colours are lovely and vivid, accurate to the real Shiny Vaporeon. Secondly, he is very large (about 14 inches tall from the tip of the fin on his forehead to his paws), super-soft, and plumply stuffed. The outer material is extremely soft (sublimely so) and of stellar quality; the plush is also very durable, yet cuddly and squashy soft. He is perfect to cuddle with. Also, every detail is beautifully accurate -- his ear fins, his frilly white mane, the spines lining his back and tail (which are very soft and felt-like), his mermaid-like tail, his big black eyes, and adorable feline face. His tail is wrapped gracefully around his body, and he is in sitting position, able to stand up on his own. Such cute paws, and a little plump tummy. Everything about this Shiny Vaporeon plush is "purrfect"!  My Shiny Vaporeon's ear fins are a bit floppy, as he was wrapped securely in a bag for a while during shipping, but they seem to be unfurling nicely. They are so soft, and sewn on professionally.  I will treasure this Shiny Vaporeon plushie forever.  Note: The mysterious company that manufactures these plushies is unofficial, yet they are incredibly talented plush creators, without a doubt. I honestly have no idea who they are or what they are called (the tags on their Pokemon plush toys are custom-printed with an outdated Japanese "Pokemon: Best Wishes" logo); I do know they are from China, and their toys are commonly sold online now by European and USA sellers. I own three different plush toy characters from this company so far, and I am so pleased with them that I want to order more and more! They are so detailed, soft, and cuddly, yet so durable and well-constructed, you can cuddle with them all you want, and they will always look new and feel so soft! The craftsmanship and attention to detail that goes into their plush toys is stunningly amazing and accurate. They are like professionally-made custom plush toys (apparently factory-made), with original custom patterns, and they are NOT poorly-made bootlegs. I highly recommend them! Do not hesitate -- you will NOT be disappointed! They are actually quite pricey, but it is clear to me why they are so expensive. They are of the highest quality possible.
Just as I expected and very quick delivery.....thanks.
Cute Giraffe Stuffed Toy  Very cute giraffe with soft fur....matches the skip*hop giraffe bedding.  I think it makes a better decoration than an actual toy, but could be enjoyed either way.
This doll is adorable. Very well made, great detail.
Best buddy to a 7mo  Little man loves it, especially when he figured out he can chew on the tail.  He loves to hug it, and likes the sounds it produces.
Good Product.  As described.
Adorable!  Cute as a button plush toys! Couldn't be any more adorable! Thank you!!!  :)
Frozen Princess Elsa Dall  My granddaughter love the doll. It is the perfect size and soft for a four-year-old.
Really well constructed and too cute for words.
Beautiful, Balanced, Accurate,  I bought these speakers on faith alone because i coulndn't find a review on them ANYWHERE. I had come to the conclusion that good bookshelf speakers combined with a good subwoofer would provide the most econimical use of my amp's power, so these replaced my Martin Logan Motion 12s. Since I bought a Yamaha integrated amp and cd player, I wanted to try out yamaha's speakers because of how impressed i have been with their other products. These speakers are just fantastic to listen to. No matter how loud i play them, they are never harsh. Its always crystal clear and accurate. Also they look great. I love the piano gloss finish. Additionally they came with some really nice speaker wire. For $365 dollars these are a great buy. Ah, I almost forgot to add for those of you who don't have or use subwoofers, the bass these produce is quite impressive for their size.
Cute
Adorable
Good quality!  Purchased as a gift for our new grandbaby as  his uncle wanted him to be "indoctrinated" into the world of all things Godzilla.  Well made.
This lamb is really soft and makes a great baby gift
Just as pictured. My daughter  (7 years old) loves it!
Looks great  Good quality, my daughters favorite Pok&eacute;mon, was well received.
would recommend this product  My grandbaby just loves it, would recommend this product.
She is 8 and it is still a great size for her to sit on  My daughter has been wanting one of these for 3 years, and I finally gave in. It is EXACTLY what she has been dreaming of.  She is in heaven!!  She is 8 and it is still a great size for her to sit on, drag around, sleep with, etc.
my son going to go nuts
So cute!
PERFECT! My DAUGHTER LOVE IT
Adorable
My grandson LOVED it!! Helped him  get through his surgery.
cute but big  Very cute but bigger than I expected
Pictures don't do it justice !  VERY cute, soft and durable item. it looks alot better in person then on the pictures though!
CUTE!  This little horse is well made and looks just like the picture. Very, very cute! I got it for my great niece and she loved it!
Great toy. My daughter loves this little guy. Love this little anger and highly recommend!
Great!
Kirby is my favorite character
Cutest little Boo  All these mini Boo's are so cute!  My kids love them - and so do I.  I keep finding reasons to buy the next batch!
Cool Baby Plane Toy  My son loves it, hes 0-3 and he loves all the sounds and the little rings on the wings.  As an avaiator I love giving my son plane stuff.
Vibrant playful toy  The pony are well kept and are vibrantly colored. They will be the perfect gift for my niece. I would gladly shop from this seller again
very cute, as described
Hammy Plush Toy  An absolutely adorable toy for any Hammy fan. You expect him to take off at the speed of light at any moment except that he's so soft, you can't let go of him.  Great quality and price.
Stack up to any plasma  Amazing pictures with my HD DVD player, without any tweeking.  I have been a plasma owner and I was very uneasy when I dropped the amount of cash on a LCD.  This TV made me a believer.  Even with a fast action video game on my 360, there is no motion blurring.  No problem with the black level.  I did notice those problems with other LCD's in the store, but lets play nice and not bash anyone.  Now the $1500 question, 46 inch or 52 inch?  The 46 inch was a thrill ride but the 52 inch was a religious experience.  Only complaint, THE PRICE.  It really hurts, but why does it have to look so pretty?  3 months later.................... OK, I have to admit the SD picture is really not that good (actually pretty BAD).  The so-called 1080p upscaling does not work was well (or not at all) as the Mitsubsishi set 2 of my friends bought.  The SD channels actually looked better on my old plasma.  So I got into the habit of only watching HD channels, with a few exceptions.  But the HD pictures still blow me away, even after 3 months.  I still find myself stare at the TV.  This is a TV for the future, since all the new HD channels are coming up over the next couple of years!
Thank you
Wonderful toy  This is a great toy!  My 19 month old loves buckles and he is in heaven with the "Blu" whale.  He especially enjoys it while we are driving- a great distraction and he's learning as well!
Cute!  Adorable! Has survived washing and freezing multiple times with no damage.
My daughter loves it  She loves clipping the high chair buckle so I figured this would be perfect, and what a homerun! Some are easy for her, some she has to try real hard on, and some maybe she can do in a few months. But it keeps her entertained! Well worth the money!!!!
on my bed
Love this toy it is so cute! My baby loves it!
Sweet gift  Soft and cute
A must for long car or airplane trips  So cute, fun, cuddly, SMALL, with tons of opportunities for cognitive learning and refining small muscle movements. My active, curious, physical, easily bored toddler will sit and play with this for a good 10-15 minutes before moving on to something else (and that's a loooooong time for him to sit still). Plus it's quiet. Win-win.
Daughter loves it.  Gift.
Exactly what I wanted.
Very nice!  This is well-made.  My daughter is very happy with this!
My husband was more than happy to keep it for himself  Bought this for my daughter, because she loves the Nightmare Before Christmas, but apparently not the dolls. My husband was more than happy to keep it for himself, since that's also his favorite movie
Very nice quality.  Nice toy for infant although took me awhile (as an adult) to figure out how to pop monkey out!
Unique!
Cute plushie  This is the perfect sized plushie for my pre-schooler. He is very happy with it. Its soft and the right size for him to be able to bring along with us in the car.
Great product! My granddaughter adores it! She calls it her Pikachu Happy! Fast Shipping! No problems at all!
Granddaughter loved it.  Just what she wanted.
Cool toy; great response  I gave this to my nephew at Christmas as a stocking-stuffer and it was a hit. It made him smile, which turned into a giggle. He's a fan of Star Wars, so seeing Darth Vader as a little stuffed thingy was wonderful. I'd recommend this whole series of "Big Head Plush" toys to all your Star Wars fans.
best sleeping buddy  love it
Best thing I ever bought for my two year old granddaughter.
My son loved it
This the second one we've purchased. The first was for our granddaughter to have at home. The second was for us to have one at our house because she loves it so much!
grandson loves it
By teenage daughter loves it  Great! My daughter was a whiz at this game and she was thrilled to finally get her companion.
Live it
Very happy.
Yes, Cool for a Mario Fan  We had been looking at this guy for awhile. FInally broke down and got him, he is cute.  I think the price at Christmas time was decent, prior he was a little pricey for his size
My child was very happy with purchase
Good game
Hilarious! It's going to be THE most played with toy on Christmas. We can't stop playing with it and laughing.
Cool and unique  Nice quality and super cute and soft. 18 month old loves it!! Keeps her busy and interested
Cute Clarice doll!  I bought this for a Christmas gift and it was exactly as described. Very satisfied customer!
We bought this doll for my daughter who wanted a doll that she could put in the tub. This doll is great! She loves dressing her up and playing with her. My daughter is 5 and loves this doll.
Son loves it!  We specifically got this Elmo because we wanted soft, plush eyes. It is small, soft, and cuddly - what else is needed?
I love Ikaros  I couldn't resist, when I saw this it was a must have. I'm a fan of Ikaros and the show. Just like the other reviews it's a great product.
I bought it twice now !  Super cute!
Great keychain.  Great keychain... I hooked these up to my backpack and then clip my keys of water bottle to them for fast and easy access... not sure about strength, so I will not be using them to rappel down any cliffs though...
Yes it was great !!!
Too cute  I had previously bought one of these for myself. As a kid, I loved Curious George. When I saw this one online, I had to buy it for a friend who is about to have her first child. I hope she likes it as much as I do!
A Perfect Choice  Beautifully made. I wanted a plush chick that resembled the real thing so that a child would know what a real chick looked like. This toy was the perfect choice. I would most definitely recommend this plush toy for purchase by anyone shopping for a young child.
He is a big fan of Mario and Luigi and is having fun playing with this set  I bought this item for my grandson who just turned 6.  He is a big fan of Mario and Luigi and is having fun playing with this set.
Great as expected!
My grandson loves it.
Goes perfectly with my collection
The kids loved taking him home on the weekends  We used Stitch as our 5th grade class mascot. The kids loved taking him home on the weekends.
Puppets for Preschool Program  It was a gift and the person who received it now has the orange, green and purple puppets.  They are used in a pre-school program.  The kids love them!
My Son's Favorite Christmas Present  I admit it, I know very little about Plants Vs. Zombies (PVZ) 1 or 2.  I understand that it's a strategy game wherein you set up plants with special abilities to protect your "brains" from hungry zombies, but my son has loved this game since he was 6.  He's eight now, and when PVZ2 came out, he told me that he wished they'd make some plush toys.  We looked around online and didn't see any, but like magic, they appeared this fall and I had to order four of them for the holiday.  They turned out to be his favorite toys, beating out Skylanders, Hexbugs, and board games. I don't know if it will be the same for your kids, but the toys are well made, priced fairly, closely resemble the characters in the game and have endured the "love" of a very active and rough eight-year old boy.  I couldn't ask for more.
It's a nice sized plush toy that my daughter hasn't put down since Christmas. :)
As describer - quick delivery!
daughter loves it  This doll was everything my daughter had hoped for.  It was a nice large size, super soft and comfy for her to sleep on.  She doesn't part with her Ariel.
Perfect  Bought for my grand daughter. She loves it.
Nice and happy. It will take some time until it will reach the actual customer.
Nice addition to the collection my daughter has.
My daughter loved this!!! She told me it's cute and comfy!
Super cute and realistic  My son absolutely loves this stuffed animal. He carries it with him everywhere. It's so realistic, people often think it's a real guinea pig at first glance. Super cute.
Very cute...well worth buying  This is very cute and my little grand-daughter loved it....especially since she likes that song.  Good quality also.
Great notebook!  We find these notebooks excellent for meeting note taking and they look and wear great!  We suggest this highly and Thank you!
but other than that he's perfect.: )  One of his little yellow spike things is a little flimsy, but other than that he's perfect. :)
Awesome!  These are about the cutest things I have ever seen.  My 2 granddaughters love them. They are made very well and good size.
A big hit  Ordered along with Llama Llama little library. Well made and enhances the reading experience. Was a gift for a one year old but five year old brother likes it too.
My boy loved it.  If you have litl boys running around, beating each other up, or you.  Get these litl guys youll save on Doctor visits LOL.
Extremely happ
Love it. Very durable and fun. The cat is a bit weary of it though. lol
Great price for this  My son loves this bat! Good quality and size.
Wow, what a picture  Although intrigued by HDTV for some time I delayed purchase knowing that price per inch would decline and size and overall quality would increase as the technology matured.  We are now well into the HDTV revolution. Competition has produced a fine array of high definition televisions. Because my viewing room is bright during the day, I eliminated plasma sets.  My need for a wide viewing angle and concern over reliability narrowed the field to LCD flat panel models. As to resolution, 1080 is the current high-end standard (eliminating 720 models).  For true high definition, the choice is progressive not interlaced.  Thus my field was flat-panel 1080p LCD HDTVs. My room size (and budget) put maximum screen size at 60" approximately twice my typical viewing distance with bigger the better.  Connectivity via HDMI cable is highly desirable as the signal is kept pure digital until delivered to the TV thus eliminating analog cable noise (and expense) concerns.  I plan to put in a home theater sound system eventually, so my primary focus was on picture quality. Research suggested that Sony, JVC, Sharp, LG and Toshiba all have quality models.  When I finally viewed the competition in person I expected to find them all roughly comparable.  Wrong.  The Sony 52" XBR's picture was noticeably sharper detailed with rich and accurate colors.  The picture bordered on photographic. Then back to the internet for a detailed web crawl on the KDL-52XBR2.  Initially issues of clouding for black or nearly black images concerned me (see prior review);  I discovered it was not an issue limited only to Sony and that severe clouding seemed rare.  In the end, picture quality trumped all other concerns. I've had my XBR for two months now.  It has met or surpassed all my expectations.  It has a powerful feature set.  But most of all it has that amazing picture.  All who have seen it agree:  "Wow, what a picture."
Very cute
My granddaughter Madeline LOVES it!!
This was a birthday gift for my son and he loves it!
SUPER cute but a little small....  This is a very cute plush toy. SUPER cute for any Salacious Crumb fans.....Beware though, it is kind of small. I would say it is no bigger than 6-8 inches in height. The picture makes it look bigger than it is. Other than that, it's awesome!!
lovely  Got the item fast and was very happy with it! Perfect for our wedding cake! Looked just as i expected.
Baby love it .... that the only thing matters lol
A cow that entertains!  A blast for adults, kids, and dogs!
Perfect to cuddle up with while reading any book from the series or using it as a prop during story time.
Great product!  Not only was the product great quality, the shipment was quick. Received tracking information promptly and package actually was early!
Nice Gift  Bought as a gift, and it was greatly enjoyed.
Great Product, Highly recommended.  This product is superb, when it comes to PVZ stuffed dolls.
Great item, my daughter loves it!!!
Love him! PS - He talks...  Awesome beanie Olaf from Just Play. I look for their toys specifically! I didn't realize I bought the talking version and was not excited about that at first (so.many.toys.make.noise), but it's not too loud or soft and so we love him anyway.
Great item from a great seller  Arrived a lot sooner than expected, and with both Vinicius and Tom. It's a great buy
He is the HERO!  This America Plush is an amazing or in the words of ze great Prussia "AWESOME" gift for any Hetalia lover!
Just to cute!!!.....  Bought this for my granddaughter and she love him!!!.....He's everything i expected!!!...Very cute!!!...Looks like the real BOO!!!...Know they need to make one that looks like BUDDY!!!!..Love these guys!!...
Very cute and well made LOVE IT
great product (Uruguay noma!)
My wife is a huge Maleficent fan. She absolutely adores it. Shipping was quick and packaging was perfect. She refuses to take it out of the box!
Perfect Pregnancy Gift  Got this for my daughter for an early pregnancy pick-me-up gift, along with some pregnancy tea, body butter, and a favorite pregnancy book. From the sound of it when she called me, this was her favorite part of the package! Soft, sweet, and well-made.
She loved it  My two yr old grandaughter loved this Elmo.  I gave it to her for Xmas - she held the Elmo all night even with the other gifts.  I was the perfect size.  In reading the other reviews - the stomach was not hard at all.
Kirby is the best!  my mom bought me this as a little gift. I absolutely love Kirby, I always keep this little guy by my side or take him out when hanging out with friends xD
My daughter loves it!  Perfect for a little girl who loves strawberry shortcake! Great size doll!
Worth the wait.  The window of arrival was pretty large since it was coming from overseas so when my girlfriend got it for her birthday gift it was a surprise since I wasn't sure when it would get there. It's very cute and she loved it! It's very much worth the wait time for this cute little Korosensei!
Cute story,  my son loves it
My son's comforting playmate  My son got this toy when he was a year old and it was as big as him. It's a lot cuter than the "real" grinch ! My son loves this toy. It's very soft and comforting. It can be used in a puppet like fashion - dancing, pretend eating etc After only six months, the neck is a bit limp so I just bought a second one. I recommend doing the same if your child falls in love with this toy.
Just like the picture!  It looks just like the picture.  Comes sealed in a plastic bag, and has a Disney Authentic hang tag.  Its super soft, but sits well.  Its a great jumbo plush. And if you cant get to Disneyland to buy one in person this was the best price we could find.  I would recommend it.
nice rack  This thing is big! And its heavy. Very solid powder coated steel frame with glass shelves and very sturdy. It took me about 1 hour to but it together, some parts were tricky. Holds all my AV components well with room to spare. Get it from Amazon, way cheaper than the ones at Best B$$.
Great Gift  Bought this for my niece.  I know she's going to love it!  Just adorable....
Great  price
Super cute!
Fine for a 22 month old boy gift.
Great quality.  Cute! Cute!  Great quality.
Cuddly Bantha  I bought 2 of these, one for me and one for a friend. They're really cute and a perfect addition to my Star Wars collection.
Ohana means family.  "This little guy is now part of our ohana"
Excellent
Excellent!
Great toy!  The toy is just like in the picture, true to size, and brings back the sweetest memories. Very happy with the purchase and the delivery!
cute!  So adorable!  We purchased the Llama Llama books and this stuffed Llama... very cute, well made. My daughter loves it.
Shipping was awesome!  Love that this arrived a lot sooner that stated. It made its way to me before the holidays, which will make my 11 year old very happy. The quality looks OK, but since these are hard to find in the U.S., I'm OK with it.
Great gift.  Drop shipped this as a gift. The recipient said he really liked this.
2 year old loves it.
Where's Perry?  My son got a Perry when we visited Disney World a few years ago and has slept with him every night since. One weekend we stayed at hotel and Perry got left behind, this Perry is slightly different then the original but works perfect!
Powerful, Clean and Versitile  Without going into a long-winded disertation, I beleive the HK 7300 must be one of the best AV Receivers on the market today for the following reasons:  * It has enough power to drive speakers for the largest of home theaters.  * The high current amps have a warm and clean sound.  Low frequencies are not boomy and provide a clean "thud" when called for.  High frequencies seem smooth without the harsh "edge" produced by so much of today's digital equipment.  I have another THX Ultra rated receiver that does not meet the quality of the sound produced by this receiver through the identical speaker systems.  * The inputs are assignable and, accordingly, should be versitile enoough for any combination of equipmemt.  * The DCDI improves almost all video noticably.  Normal 480i TV is upgraded to 480p adding a sense of depth and high contrast to the picture.  * While I am enthusiastic about this receiver and pleased with its performance, there are a couple of points that should be mentioned that might affect someone's decision to purchase.  - The reciver has a fan which runs constantly after the receiver has warmed up.  The noise of the fan is unobtrusive, but is noticeable when audio levels are very low.  My equipment is in a cabinet with a vented back so the fan noise is no problem for me.  - Some of the buttons on the remote control are so small and close together that I wonder if a child's fingers were used in the ergonomic design parameters.  Also, the remote sends a very narrow IR beam such that it is critical that the remote is pointed directly at the reciver.  Neither of these issues have been a problem for me because I use an Universal remote with broad IR dispersion and large buttons.  - The receiver is big and heavy which migh cause a problem for those with smaller cabinets or shelves.  Even with these small drawbacks, I am very impressed with this receiver and only hope that its apparent build quality will last for years to come.
I love studio ghibli and when I saw this I had to have it. Super cute and exactly what I hoped for.
Attractive, high-quality toy  This toy arrived in great condition in a reasonable amount of time, and the grand daughter receiving it was absolutely thrilled.  Very nice toy!
We sent this to our daughter who is in the U.S.Army and expecting her first child in November. She was so thrilled to receive this plush little giraffe.
Shaymin!  When I placed an order in for this, I was worried it would be a bootleg.  What won me over was the reasonable price and the overall cuteness of the plush.  I was very happy to receive this in the mail.  After examining the tags, I see that this is 100% authentic!  I've noticed that the price has considerably gone up since I bought it, but worth it, with all these fakes floating around.  The fabric used is very soft.  A different fabric is used for the top, but it's just as soft and suits the Pokemon well.  Collector or fan, I highly recommend this for everyone who loves Shaymin.
My eldest daughter loves it. Though the sounds is hardly heard.
My daughter is in love with all things Inside Out - she now has a complete set of plush!
Gift From Santa  My daughter asked for a guinea pig for Christmas and this is what Santa brought her. She absolutely loves it. ( She also said next time she would be sure to ask for a real one. : )
Cute birthday gift idea.  Took three tries to get the correct product shipped.  Cute.
Loving Sadness  I received Sadness as a gift for Christmas after seeing and loving Inside Out. She is my favorite character and the perfect size plush, not too big, not too small.
Great quality item.
Very cute  My grandson loves it. Looks just like the picture, nice size
my daughter loves it
Love it!  I am so excited to received this Peppa and George plush. My 2 year old daughter loves Peppa and I can't wait to see her expressions tomorrow morning when she sees it. I know she will be super excited as I am. They look great! Good quality and best part, I received it before the expected delivery date. Great Service!
Good woodpecker!  For some very strange reason, my 2 year old developed a phobia of woodpeckers!! She saw one outside pecking on a dead tree, and after that, I had to check her room for her every night to be sure there were no woodpeckers in there! I was at my whit's end with this, so Santa brought her this woodpecker and put it in her stocking. She LOVES it! She uses it to scare away the imaginary bears in her room now (I guess we're in the imagination phase of development!) The bird call sounds just like the ones we hear in the woods, and she can make it come on any time she wants, so she feels in control...or something...until the raccoon phobia starts.
Buy this!  I bought this item for my sisters future children pile and I kind of want to keep it for my own future children pile because it is so adorable!!! It came wrapped in plastic showing that no one has ever touched the product before. I highly recommend this for a gift for a boy or a girl.
Perfect  So cute and great quality for the price.  You really get what is pictured here. My 2 1/2 year old daughter is a huge Peppa Pig fan and she carries George and Peppa everywhere.
Grandson happiness  My grandson loves this. His brother got Buzz and every night I have to read the Toy Story book that they have and we act it out with Woody and Buzz.
Fun toy that interacts with apps  Fun toy that interacts with apps. The kids are loving the Furby and are already asking for more for Christmas! Fun interactive gift! Keeps them from getting bored with it!
kid love it
My Toddler Loves It...!!!  I planned to give this to my toddler on Sunday, but he spotted it in the box two days before and went crazy for it.  He wouldn't go to sleep without it. It is just the right size, not too big, not too small. I love the fact that it is soft and not hard in the middle like other Elmo dolls out there.  It's just perfect for my kid's little hands to hold it and drag it with him wherever he goes.  Thank you for having this available!
so cute!
Very comforting.  So soft and stays nice even after several washings.
Cute and soft!  Very cute! Bought for my boyfriend since he love hedgehogs! He loves it!
Gifted these to my little cousins and they loved them!
Cute gift  Very nice and well made stuffed animal. Accurate to the character and good size.
I am giving this a 5 stars, because my son loved this, the shipping came in much faster than expected, and freddy looks great. However, I selected this one over the less expensive ones because it was to come with the box. This did not come with the five nights of freddys box.
Great, small stuffy for any  Gruffalo fan  All of these toys are wonderful. This is a smaller version of some larger options that I probably should have gone with, but great if purchasing other characters from the book.
Love it!  Rawr!  It's super cute!  It's tiny, but I wanted it to be so I'm very happy with it.  Good quality and very soft.  I've included a pic with him next to my Galaxy S4 and another of him playing Godzilla with my TMNT action figures.  I'm pretty sure he's not an officially licensed whatever collector's thing, but he is adorable and the price couldn't be beat.  Highly recommend.  He'll look super cute when teh ninja costume I'm crocheting him is done.
"Commodity-shipping packing" all is good I am very happy.
"Bite my soft, adorable backside"  My son loves this one.  He was Bender for Halloween, so this seemed like a no-brainer when I saw it.  Plush is well-made.  It's seen non-stop use for 3 months now, with no signs of wear.  If I would have to come up with a complaint, it would be that the smile is a little sinister.  Doesn't bother my 8-year-old, but obviously could be a problem with many kids (and some adults).
Very happy with purchase. Great seller. Thank you
Cute and girlfriend loves it. Not as fluffy as you think though  Adorable girlfriend loves it. It isn't very fluffy though.
my kid loves this thing  i wish it was bigger, so that she wouldnt out grow it too quick other than that its a nice toy
A+  My daughter loved this! Nice size and well put together.
birthday gift and he loved it
2yr old boy was VERY pleased with his "boy doll"  I was looking for a boy doll for a friend of ours and this fit the bill perfectly! He loved it!
cute plush! exactly what i was looking for!  i love this little cute plush! ever since i saw them in the toy story movie i knew i had to have it! there a little bit smaller than i expected it but i still so cute! they look exactly like the picture and are so soft! i also like how the little peas are attached to the pod (but can easily be detached) so the won't fall out or loose them. i absolutely reccomend these for a toy story fan
Great!  This thing turned out WAY better than we expected. It's pretty big, and it's SOOOO soft.  Purchased it for my 1 year old daughter's birthday. My wife picked out a different one. We let the 1 year old pick. She LOVES her new Ewok. Her 5 year old sister tries to steal it...
Kids love it  Kids love it and great size
Perfect for Gville, FL!  I give this to all my clients who are expecting. My clients love them and they go very well in Gainesville, FL.
Shes very happy, used for star wars themed nursery  Bought for my wife. Shes very happy, used for star wars themed nursery.
I love my Chewbacca backpack. Little chuncks of his fur tends to come off a little tho.
Awesome
So soft!
Is exactly as you would expect. Fast shipping!  Is exactly as you would expect. Fast shipping! My girlfriend loved this gift!
Mr Sockeye makes a great centerpiece for a salmon feast!  It was a perfect centerpiece for our Thanksgiving spread, as we went the baked salmon route this year.  Mr Sockeye is now the brother of a plush turkey from Cabela's that has graced the traditional menu's table in prior years.
Very good product, presentation and tall...
My children love it
Looks great, it isn't misshapen at all like so many Pokemon plushes you find.
Love Llama!  This is awesome!  Super cute - shipped on time.  Recommend seller and product!
A new favorite toy for my granddaughter.
My daughter loves her Alpaca! Thank you!!
Stretchin TMNT  Bought it for my nephew for his birthday and he absolutely loved it.  He has not stopped playing with it since.  Excellent purchase.
My son loves it! :)
Unicorns live!  This was a gift for my niece, and it is so adorable.  Glad I found this.
These made Mom a big hit!  My 25 yr-old daughter received these as an early Valentine's gift. She thinks they are the greatest! Spotted them elsewhere but Mom's a shopper and Amazon you've the best prices and great quality items. Thanks for making me a great MOM!
Such a fun product. My son loves buckles so this was a great find. He loves it and say playing for ages today. Came on time and is great quality. Highly recommend.
My son got a set of FNAF plush for Christmas. Foxy is so well made and is really a cute stuffed animal! He has them lined up on a shelf in his room.
Fun plush doll  These are fun. I've always loves Masters of the Universe. These plush dolls are nice looking and fun.
Super soft and adorable. Great gift.
Lovely  It's just like what I expected. I bought it as  a lovely gift for my friend. She likes it very much. So I give it five star.
Great Product  This was a gift for my younger brother and he loved them!! So cute and exactly what I had hoped for!!
supper soft! my 2.5 year loves it
Way cute!!!
very sweet  love the sweet little caterpillar and the jingle from the bells is very soft and gentle.  Seems to be good quality construction.
This plush toy is killing me with it's cuteness!  This plush toy is killing me with it's cuteness! Has been the source of my stress relief for more than 3 days now
Cute and funny, satisfied with item because my son was happy  Cute and funny,satisfied with item because my son was happy,my Totoro fan son love this.
My granddaughter love curious George! Had to have this for her!
... plush it self is ok it's just Nintendo I hate.  The plush it self is ok it's just Nintendo I hate.
Love Tim Hotlz Sizzix Dies!  What can I say but I love these dies. They cut beautifully every time I use them. These are so cool for layouts and for cardstock, chipboard, grunge board, leather, fabric well you name it they will cut it. I use them for all kinds of things and they are as sharp as when I first bought them. I love em. They can't be beat. I would recommend them to anyone that wants to do die cutting. They work beautifully in my Vagabond which I just love. Thanks Tim, Sizzixs for making them and Amazon for having the greatest prices!!!!
HUGE! My son was so excited when he opened it!
My 3 year old is in love! Take note that it has no off switch though.
but still perfect.  Very cute. My baby loves this. It is a bit smaller than I expected, but still perfect.
Bought for my nephew and he loved it.
Fun toy
prompt delivery.  Quality item.
I am giving this a 5 stars, because my son loved this, the shipping came in much faster than expected, and freddy looks great. However, I selected this one over the less expensive ones because it was to come with the box. This did not come with the five nights of freddys box.
my granddaughter loves it!
This plush was the perfect replica for our schnauzer who passed away  This plush was the perfect replica for our schnauzer who passed away. It helped our family incredibly while going through our mourning, especially the kids.
" This is perfect! It is tiny but also really cute  I asked my 3 year old what she wanted from Santa for Christmas. She said "A dinosaur that goes ROAR!" This is perfect! It is tiny but also really cute! It makes a loud dinosaur like sound that roars 3 times when you squeeze it. I pretty sure my 3 year old is going to love this.
Happy with purchase  Great find for our 20-month old who loves buckles but hates long car rides. He squeals with delight when the buckles "click." It's nice that you don't have to get them into exactly the right spot - lots of the buckles will click with different lengths/colors on the other side. Good last minute purchase for us on car ride. Safe to use with rear facing baby in car seat.
This backpack is really cool. Arrived on time and was packaged well  This picture really does not show the detail well. This backpack is really cool. Arrived on time and was packaged well. Quite satisfied.
Loved it  My grandson loved it
SO ADORABLE!  I got this as a gift for my toddler who loves babies and bears. It is perfect.
Excellent  This was just what I needed to complete my themed Peter Rabbit  baby shower gift for boy and girl twins. It arrived when promised and was in mint condition.
Adorable and well made  Adorable and well made. My two year old daughter said that she wanted an Anna doll for Christmas and that she wanted to buy her newborn sister an Elsa doll. Both dolls have held up remarkably well despite the young ages of their owners. Could not be happier.
Great condition.  New with tags. Great condition.
Very pleased
love it
Well Made Bigfoot/Yeti  Very well made!  The eyes seem to be really looking at you.  He is in a standing position but he does not stand alone.
Love him!  My some loves the movie Home! I wish they picked more popular phrases (or added more) but he is still cute and my son loves him. A little hard to squeeze to make him talk like you really have to squeeze hard. My 2 yr old can't get it so he brings it to me Every time. But we still love him!! We also got "Smek" to match.
This is such a neat toy for any age and it's very interactive.  You program your information into it and the bear says your child's name in conversation.  There is so much to do and so many different songs and sayings.  You can't beat it for the price.
Was a great gift they loved it.
Grand daughter loved it
... it for my 4 year old nephew and he loved it!  I bought it for my 4 year old nephew and he loved it!! My sister said she reads it to him every night but more important it helps him identify his worries. Great book.
This makes a great gift for any fan!
Pretty accurate color  Cute! I've bought the large and small and ended up keeping the large.
My 7 year old Grandson received this for Christmas. He loves anything Minecraft.
Too Cute!  So cute, excellent quality. Any E.T. fan will love this! Highly recommended.
Great little stuff animal my daughter loves it.
My son's favorite. Just bought it again for my nephew
Great for kids obsessed with buckles/fasteners  This toy has been the answer to our prayers for my nephew. He is 18 months old and has PDD, as well as a sensory perception disorder. One of his fixations is buckling everything he can get his hands on.  He LOVES this toy and and now my sister wants to get the turtle one too.  We're hoping it will serve as one of the toys he can use when he's outside and feeling overwhelmed by his environment, or needs to stay quiet, like in Church.
It's Awesome  It's everything it said it was, sent in a timely manner. The only thing about it is the eyes are hard plastic so sometimes not easy to cuddle. But all in all it's pretty awesome.
Got this for a younger cousin and he loved it. Arrived damage free and on time.
Very fast shipping!  Wow! Was surprise it arrived way it was expected to arrive. My LO loves it.
My young grandson loved this along with the book.
LOVE IT. LOVE IT. LOVE IT!!!  I bought it for my 18 month old baby girl and she's crazy about it. She plays with it all day long. And it came very fast I was impress. Totally recommend it.
Minons yeah!  Got to have a mutated minion for the collection.  He's ...cute?, cuddly, and he doesn't eat much.  Perfect for the whole family.
Exactly What I Ordered.  This was exactly what I was hoping it would be. It will be a great gift for my MineCraft enthusiast nephew.
Perfect for any little Good Dinosaur fan!  My son is in love with The Good Dinosaur, and these are perfect! We received both stuffed characters together in one package. They are larger in size, and the quality is exceptional. I was so pleased when I opened the box and I can't wait until Christmas when my little boy opens this gift!
The people who shipped it to me were also very nice.  Really high quality. The mane is something you have to feel haha!! Got it for a friend for her birthday and she loves it. The people who shipped it to me were also very nice.
KAWAII!!!!  This little guy is practically actual size if you look at its pokedex entree in the games. The adorableness is irresistible and you'll feel like you are holding a real pokemon. Recommended for young one's and fans of the pokemon series!
Great elmo  So soft and my 2 year absolutely loves this elmo!
love the tie dye dress and bow!  My daughter loves this doll!
So glad I bought it  I absolutely adore this plush. So glad I bought it. The first time I did, I purchased it on another website, and it ended up being a fake. Complete waste. I had no idea they faked Banpresto plushies, but apparently they do, so be aware of that. The seller I purchased this from ended up being legit and sent it relatively quickly. Very happy with this purchase.  As for the plushie itself, it's very soft and well-made. Comes with tags intact. Also has a small loop on top of the head for hangings, I'm guessing. There are beads in the bum area where it keeps the Pikachu balanced so that it won't fall over. Probably one of my most favorite, snuggly plushies I've ever owned. The one problem for me is that it was pretty expensive. Aside from that, I'm glad with the purchase.
Was bigger and prettier then expected
Great toy for young children.  My grandson loves it some much when the first died had to get him another.
Perfect size  They were all intact and arrived on time , my baby brother loved them so much! They aren't too big or too small for a 3 year old and I would definitely recommend this!
Child loves it!
Hello Kitty Beanie Baby!  Loved it!  Seems a little bit smaller than the dimensions given in the product description but otherwise you get what you see!  Came sealed so it was nice and clean!  Love Ty Products, they are typically of good quality and this product was no different!  :)
you gotta have one  :-)  To be blunt , this is one of those cheap little toys that everyone loves.  You put your fingers in the monkeys hand pockets, pull back the tail and legs and let fly.  It monkey calls all the way through the air.  Everyone in the house has been playing with this thing. Seems well made and a great way to great "House Guests" on their arrival. I may have to buy another if this one ever breaks. I rated educational value medium because it DOES develop fine motor skills.  REALLY !
GREAT!  GREAT!
... it for my girlfriend and she instantly fell in love with it  Bought it for my girlfriend and she instantly fell in love with it, plus it arrived earlier than expected!
Very cute
Gift  This was one on a friends daughters wishlist as well and they are like family so i went ahead and got this one as well
Came in the mail extremely quickly, and was actually a bit larger than I expected.
Great plush!  Beautifully made.  My daughter hasn't seen it yet since it's for Christmas, but I know she'll love it.  A bit lighter, more grey, than the picture.  The actual color is closer to the color of the one in the movie.
Too Cute!!  Just another Animal Crossing fan, who could not resist this plush of Totakeke especially for the price of $20!! I am very happy to own this and make a collection of this videogame series!! For those who are collecting!! this is a must buy!!
Favorite of our Ariel fan!
So cute!  I bought two of these for my 3 and 6 year old daughters.  The face is really sweet, very much like Olaf in the movie.  This one is a good size - not too small.  He's just adorable and was a huge hit with our kids.
Rachel Rays Furi Knives are Great  This set is smaller than mine. Bought as a gift for my son's girl friends Birthday. Not given to her as yet. Checked the set out and it is very nice, I hope she will like them.
:D  Eeveelutions! <3 Definitely recommended for collectors and eeveelution lovers! Glaceon is the ice type. There are 6 more, including the new Sylveon!
Great toy  I bought a different animal in the past and my grandkids LOVE it. So I bought this penguin for someone else. Lots of fun and really great to see them figure out how to buckle and unbuckle.
Excellent product, my daughter is obsessed with it  Excellent product, my daughter is obsessed with it. On top of that buying it is supporting small companies ran by nice people.
Perfect for buckle obsessed toddlers  If your kid like mine is obsessed with carseats, strollers, swings... and all things that buckle. Do yourself a favor and invest in this toy. I wish I could sew because this looks really easy to make, and is a bit expensive.. but my 2 y/o got it almost a year ago and still loves it.
Very cute and looks very cute next to my Stitch.
Perfect toy!!  my 18 month old daughter LOVES this toy. it's perfect for car rides or just playing around the house. she has alittle trouble unclipping them but I still rate it 5 stars. It was delivered pretty fast for it not being prime!
Got here way earlier than expected, and is really cute
Well, first of all I couldn't imagine buying paper plates on line.... But. the fact was that I could not find platters anywhere.  All the places I used to buy them no longer carried them.  I was desperate so decided - what the heck.  What a nice surprise when they showed up on my doorstep and just exactly what I wanted!  I couldn't be more pleased.  Thanks, Amazon.  And just to "put the icing on the cake" the edges of plates were not crumpled and the wrappers were totally in tact with no poked out holes.  I am one happy girl.
Super cute.
Too cute!  Just like at the parks without the long drive!
bought this for my daughters 3rd birthday and she loved it. I loved that it was so specific in detail even with the little fin.
Good  Good toy my son loves it
It is so soft .. Purfect my daughter loves it .. :-)
My 9 month old granddaughter loves it
good quality, and well made  my 15 month old son adores this.  It's soft, good quality, and well made.
Cute and perfect size for kids.
the plush is so cuite
very cute
4 year old likes him!  The phases option is a little louder than just the singing option, but overall very happy with the snuggle and glow Daniel Tiger. My sons 4 and very picky about what he will bring to bed with him. He's got a Elmo in PJs he sleeps with and has well loved that stuffed animal that sings into the ground. I've gotten him a replacement, but nothing beats the well loved Elmo. I bought this since he loves Daniel Tiger and wanted something else he might like and quite frankly after the years tired of listening to Elmo! He seems to like him even enough to not toss him out of his bed like others. I was on the fence about this considering how picky he is, but so far so good! Very happy with purchase!
My son LOVES this elephant.  He carries it, (by its ears) everywhere. We've washed it in a delicates bag in the washer and dryer several times with no problems of loose stitches coming loose or fabric losing texture. Plus it is very very cute.
Helps active babies drift off to sleep peacefully!  While we only bought ours today (in person) our 14 month old daughter already loves her "baby"! She has been hugging it and walking around with it all day and then when bed time came she laid in bed with her glowworm and myself and drifted off much quicker than normal! Very happily too, rolling from side to side and babbling rather than fighting sleep. I think the lullabies helped to calm her so she went to sleep very peacefully. I wish we would have bought one sooner!
Perfect size, not small and not to big. The kids loved them  Exactly what I ordered.
nice
Great toy. Child loves it.
Good investment for the serious Contractor  It looks strange, but I have been amazed with how much I have opted to use this over a standard crowbar. It is very handy and strong. The light weight is also a big plus to help minimize the weight of my tool belt. It cost a lot, but if you are serous about tools this is a good investment. I also have the other 2 sizes they make in this style: the larger 15" and smaller 7.5" bar.
so cute...so cheap!
JUST WANTED A JACK!  Perfect for my 6 year old who JUST WANTED A JACK! He sits on her Christmas Tree in her room as a perfect center piece. Tho after the holidays I am sure she won't pack him away. Soft and well made!
Amazing  Stuffed animal is adorable and the perfect size as well as beating super soft and stands up to small children's playfulness
Lovely/humorous gift for hostess and owner of cabin on a lake in Maine.
nice blade  blade is 6"3/8  overall 1 ft,razor sharp,nice big handle 4"1/4, leather sheath w/ usmc will last as lond as your not rock climbing,good for hog,deer and maybe against a bear if you hit organs and of course anti personnel,only thing i never liked is when u put it on your belt it has to much room so it moves around but it has a hole down at the bottom so you can strap it to your leg.u really cant see it on the pic but it says 110 th anniversary 1898 2008 ka-bar a tradition of excellence over all im glad i bought a new one to replace my 40 year old ka bar
I liked
Sophisticated and pleasing  I LOVE Graphic 45 papers. They do a wonderful job with their illustrations and colors. Their color schemes are pleasant, yet sophisticated. The coordination of colors and patterns is unsurpassed. I will buy more of their papers and embellishments.
Very Satisfied!  My son loved his Amaura plushie! It was delivered promptly and was in great condition! Very satisfied...and so is my son!
Too Cute  I bought this as a gift for a young mother who just had her first baby (boy). When I took it out of the plastic bag, I couldn't help but hug it and go "Aaaah." The baby is still too young to respond to it but the mom had the same reaction when she received it in the mail from me. We could both see where this bunny might become Eli's favorite toy that never leaves his side.  Bunny is perfect size, very soft and has a very sweet expression.
Granddaughter 's pooh  A geniune product . My 19 month old granddaughter loves it . She calls it popo bear .I recommend it for family and friends .
I may buy one for myself  Beautiful stuffed toy cat to go along with wonderful funny books for children
VERY well made  Well made and adorable. I am very happy with them. I even bought my grandchildren a set and they love them too. VERY well made.
he loved it! Arrived on time  My nephew has special needs, I bought him this as a gift, he loved it! Arrived on time, and price was great! Soft and cuddly!
My daughter loved it!
Great  I got these for my 2 year old. They are a nice size for him and he doesn't want to put them down!
hold it like a potatoe  This plush might be really small if you hold it like a tomatoe... BUT If you hold this unicorn plush like a potatoe it really is SO FLUFFY!!!
it was great!!  After it finally got here late for a birthday, it was great!!!!!!
Cute and good quality.
So adorable!  What child doesn't relate to precious little Llama? He gets cranky shopping, forgets to share, misses his mama, but he's so sweet when Mama gently reminds his how much she loves him and gets him back on track!  So fun to share these rhyming stories with my granddaughters!  The doll is a great tool to remind us of details as we retell the story!
Great  Great
Bart Simpson  My grandson loves the Simpsons, so now he uses these characters to "talk" with each other. Great toy for him to help with speech issues. Just wished they weren't so expensive
My daughter loves it.
Really cute.
Purr-fect!  Jinja is my som's second favorite, after Robin. These are the only plush toys he plays with. He has been diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder and the Sago Mini apps have helped him learn humor and to laugh at silly actions. Something he has difficulty with. I love Sago Mini for making my baby happy. Great, quality plush toys.
My classroom loved this leprechaun it was used in classroom activities I loved it and so did the children
... 2 and 3 and these stuffed toys were the perfect size and construction for them  My grandchildren are ages 2 and 3 and these stuffed toys were the perfect size and construction for them. They loved them as much as "Andy" and took them to bed with them.
Olaf is great! Better than expected
Great Tool!  These things are awesome. Ez Z bends forever now!
I like it much better than what is pictured  Doll actually does not have the crown or little dress thing that is pictured here, and her tail is definitely much more green and "true" to The Little Mermaid. I like it much better than what is pictured, but it is not what is pictured here. Very pretty, very soft doll. Flower girl loved it!
Love them. Came faster than expected  Love them . Came faster than expected!
My kid's favorite toy!  Boo is soft, cuddly, and perfect to snuggle with.  My kids like to bring him everywhere.  He is very durable and high quality.  Money well spent
my nephew loved it.  soft touch, my nephew loved it.
Better than Wubbanub  Got these to replace our Wubbanubs. I love the Wubbanub but when my baby bites through the paci, it's useless. Also, they only come in the softer binky for younger babies.  I love that I can switch out the binky on this one anytime. The included binky is very similar to a Soothie pacifier except it's a little rougher, which doesn't seem to bother my little man so much. You can attach a soothie to this, you just need an extra elastic or rubber band (see picture). I purchased two and I love them!
Nicely made!  My children have recently started playing the new Plants vs. Zombies games, so I thought it would be nice to find some type of toy from the game. They are very few and far between, so when I saw this one I purchased it, despite being concerned about the quality. The package arrived on the estimated date, safe and secure. I was pleasantly surprised with the details in this little guy! It has very vibrant colors, all the stitching is in place, and there are a lot of little details to make it look exactly like the game character. It has become my son's new favorite toy. I would definitely commend purchasing from this company.
*My boyfriend loves it and was made with very good quality material *   * ..:* *.:*My boyfriend loves it and was made with very good quality material * ..:* *.:*   I really appreciate the service i have received! Thank you
Great Pikachu Plush  Adorable.  I was pleasantly surprised by the good quality of this product.  Tail is sown onto body.  However, you can easily snip the  thread and the tail will detach. Great for any Pokemon fan :)
Love this for my niece. It is plush, and made of good quality materials.
The plushie is really nice. If you like Sailor Mars, get this plushie.
Got this for Christmas for my wife who LOVES Star Wars.
Arrived in a timely manner and product is as described
this particular plush looks way better than all the other ones from different companies  this particular plush looks way better than all the other ones from different companies, it has a lot more realistic detail.
Fast service  Fast service.  My great grandson loved this
Cute and sturdy  An awfully cute and sturdy toy!
Gizmo!!  This is amazing and my son loves it. Every time he takes it places people always ask where it is from. Great toy wonderful quality.
So excited to have found a smaller version of the snowman. The recipient of this gift was awed by it's size. Now he can carry it around with him at all times, and leave the big one at home with his other stuff toys.  Thanks for offering it!
Adorable  Smaller than anticipated and the little ball does need to be readjusted. Great quality - Overall it was a great buy
I love my Boo! Thank you Amazon!
love it
Great!!
So cute! My daughter loves it.  So cute!  My daughter loves it.
Loved it
My daughter loves this bear so much!
Now able to sneak extra breaks at work  Finally, my trainee for work has arrived, and sooner than expected!  This little guy is super soft and cute, and appears well-made. The only off thing I noticed was that mine seems to have a little smirk, as the corner of his mouth wasn't stitched as far as it should be like in the item display picture, but I think it looks even more adorable with it. This seems like it may actually be a genuine Pokemon product, as the tag features Game Freak and Pokemon Centre copyrights, but it could just be a good counterfeit. That being said, it's FANTASTIC quality, especially for the $5 or so that I spent on it.
Bought as a gift and is well loved. Great quality as well.
Super cute and soft, great Christmas gift for my nephew! A bit smaller than expected, though.
Great! Very soft!
kid loves them
Great charizard worth the price  It was better than expected. Just as big as I expected.
Cute and soft  Cute and soft little guy Love this little plush nice and cuddly
Kids love it  Good size about a foot 1/2 tall.  Kids love these plush toys.  Only part I didn't like was the bend wing but kids didn't mind.
My 2 year old grandson LOVES to buckle, so this toy was a big hit!
Nice scarf  Snuggly.  My son love this.
Q-time is adorable. Due to him being weighted, he definitely has the potential to be a calming aid.
My kids love this!
Came quickly for an international shipping, with a perfecto quality and original with its pkmn center japan etiquette
Very Soft.
LOVE  I love this product and so do my preschool students. Its so cute and soft. I highly recommend  the kimochis.
It sheds a little but other than that its perfect. Exactly what I wanted  Really cute small stuffed animal. Its exactly as described and very realistic looking. It sheds a little but other than that its perfect. Exactly what I wanted. Worth the price, its good quality and really adorable.
Perfect  So cuddly!
SUPER AWESOME FANTASTIC MAGNIFICENT PRODUCT  I love this product so much! There was nothing wrong with him. There was no rips or tears and his hammer is put on fine. There is no possible way it could fall off! Overall best Mario plush I have! :)
nice size doll!!  My granddaughter loves this doll. Quite large. Perfect for hugging!!
These are well made and being well loved
kinda feels like a type of carpet  Exactly what I expected it to be, not too big, but also not small. The quality is superb, it can stand on its own. The only draw back I can see most people having is the material it made of...its not a soft material...kinda feels like a type of carpet, which was perfect for me since it resembles the one you see in the commercials which I adored, others may not.
awesome buy  my little one loves this...it's the perfect size for a little toddler and it's very soft
Awesome  The coolest one of them all
Thank you :)
she loved it.  A birthday present. she loved it.
Who doesnt want to hug Jesus!?  I love this stuffed Jesus doll! He freaks my room mate out, but I find it to be charming. Who doesn't want a Jesus doll you can hug when you know you need Him! Very clever, very well made might I add.
Excellent Product!  Ordered "Elmo" for a friend who was sick, and she just loved him to pieces! Amazing customer Service!!! Shipment arrived exactly when promised, gift card was written out to my exact specification, and I could not be Happier!!! Thanks!!
Sheepishly fun!  Nice n soft, my sister loved it as a Christmas present.
So precious  Gave this as a new baby gift to a mommy that loves her Mickey.  The baby's room was done in the same colors - nice and bright.  It's a great item for that toddler to carry around and fall asleep with.
Im happy with this soft little Fett  Hes small an can handle being thrown or slept on. Very soft and cute. His back looks very plain and flat but all in all love it!
Snuggly!  My daughter loves Princess Peach. This doll is very soft and cuddly.
Its a Squirtle  Its cute, I bought it because my little girl had the Squirtle smile when she was first born. Looked just like her lol.
Great quality!  Very nice plushy, kid loves it. Well worth the price.
My Daughter love this Bubble Guppies  Excellent buy!
adorable, snuggly and funny looking  Soft, adorable, snuggly and funny looking.  :)
my grandaughter wants a real one. this is what we came up with.
My son loves it!
Abby is adorable!  I thought after ordering, there will probably be something wrong with this doll due to the very low price! Doll arrived in a timely fashion and I was so pleasantly surprised! Could not wait to give to my little granddaughter! Soft, nice material, beautiful bright colors, size was perfect for 18 month old granddaughter...she loves cuddling with Abby! Size was perfect for young toddler! Outstanding quaility and great price!
Buy one if you can!  This is such a cute and rare plush. If you find it here, either buy it for your personal collection and gloat that you have one of the most sought-after Pokemon plushes in the world, or you can buy it if it's at a decently low price and re-sell it to someone who would actually like one for a little extra dough. I was going to do the latter, but I decided against it. It is cute and chubby and rare and I absolutely love it. Keep it out of the way of pets and small children if you want it to last.
so was obviously very pleased. Although I do not understand the attraction  My grandson was totally jazzed to receive this as one of his Christmas gifts......he had been asking for just one of any one of them, so was obviously very pleased. Although I do not understand the attraction, if his mother was ok with it then I was happy to oblige.
This thing is awesome! I have never used a tenderizer  This thing is awesome! I have never used a tenderizer, but I really like this one!  I noticed a big difference in using this and then marinating the meat - a lot more flavor and the meat cooked really well.  I'm sold!  Disclosure: I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
Son loves it
It's beautiful ! So fluffy !!! And huge ! Just what I was looking for.
My son just loves this toy. It's higher quality than I expected - and has held up really well to lots of play and cuddles.
Granddaughter loved it
so cute~!  It's a bit smaller then I thought but it's super soft and huggable, my boyfriend loved it!
Came secured and just as pictured. Thanks a lot.
Love! Worth the price!  Love love love! I like this little cow as much as my daughter does and I give it to her knowing it's safe. It has no smell like other stuffed animals she got that we ended up donating. It's soft, durable, well made and adorable. I don't know what else to say except that she will have multiple stuffed animals from this company as well as any other babies we have!
I love it! Even cuter in person. Colors are very vibrant!
Cute, the kids love it. But only improvement would be to have doors that open! They try so hard to open the doors!
dolls head is plastic so it looks more like elsa then the full plush
super soft, looks just like the picture  Our 2 year-old son was so excited to open Oso, he instantly hugged him and kept saying "Oso bear"! Oso was packaged very well, super soft, looks just like the picture, and was well worth every penny! :)
A cuddly Godzilla plush toy! Hooray!  This Godzilla is perfect as a plush toy. It's all Godzilla awesomeness in a squishable plush toy one can cuddle and sleep with. A must have for any Godzilla fan of any age.
Kids love it. Has a lot of straps
Perfect! This was a gift for my daughter who's room is filled with starwars plushies and she loved it. It has held up well and still in great condition.
Adorable!  I loved finding this plushie, and I am so happy he looks just like the picture, hes absolutely adorable and super soft!
It's so cuuuuute!  Bought for my Pokemon-obsessed 7-y-o son, who loves it.  Very cute -- cuter than picture -- and a good quality, durable plush toy.  So much better than the amusement park prize that he'd wanted but we didn't get a chance to win!  Very happy with this purchase.
Was surprised at how soft she was, great for any stitch lover fan and great to cuddle hold and have around. Been wanting her for a long time.
My daughter loves this floppy goat.
So cute!  Bought this for my son's 4th birthday. My boy was so excited! I didn't think that Chuckles would make that big of an impact since he isn't a major character....but my son loves him as much as he does Woody, Buzz and Lotso. It really completes the collection of Toy Story friends. He is small but very well made. My son plays with him all the time (since May 2013) and he is not showing any signs of wear or tear. And my son is rough on toys. I am very pleased with this purchase.
So incredibly cute and snuggly
Product as described
Absolutely LOVE it! Well made and arrived quickly!
Mi villano favorito.  Lo compre para el cumpleaos de mi hija junto con los minions y las nias hurfanas con el unicornio, quedo sencillamente fascinada. El producto es mucho mejor de lo que se ve en las fotos. Cuando lo compren les gustara.
Adorable Toy  This toy is even better than I expected. It's extremely soft! I love that the ears, tags and feet are all different textures giving baby lots to explore. I bought this for my baby boy and will buy more for other friends that are expecting. This makes for an adorable baby gift.
cute
My 3 year old loves it!  She now has the complete set of Inside Out plush dolls.  The quality is very good and the size is perfect. It brings joy to my daughter, which brings me joy.
Multilingual fun.  Works as expected. Very funny. Couldn't put it down and I'm an adult. It repeats any language by the way! Mine speaks three because I do!
Perfect gift for child or collector  I bought 2 of these, one for our 1 1/2 year old granddaughter and one to keep for our 5 year old grandson who isn't into stuffed animals that much.  I kept one rabbit to give to him later to go with the book, Beatrix Potter The Complete Tales that he already has.  After he sees his sister's Peter I learn that he would also like his Peter now I will, of course, immediately give it to him.  As I said in my review about the book, each grandchild will have a complete set to enjoy and pass down to their own children...One Collectible Peter Rabbit and one book of Complete tales.
Great item, fast shipping, awesome price. My son is a huge fan of Kirby, he loves this!!!
My grandson loves this.
Came earlier than expected!
My 4 year old loves her Jasmine doll!
She thought it was adorable!  I got this for my daughter for her new baby about to be born later this week. She thought it was adorable!
great deal and lovely tsum  Fast shipping, great deal and lovely tsum
Little Girl Loves It!  I gave this to my niece last year & she loves it! Instead of a security blank she has this. It's super soft & she rubs it on her face, and pretty anyone else who will let her (even the dog). She's turning 2 soon, and I'm scrambling to find another one to replace the original (she takes it EVERYWHERE) and all the love is starting to show even after all the baths it received. I can't remember if this is machine washable, so it goes into a bucket for a spa day every once in a while. For now I've purchased a different Aurora World elephant because I am so happy with this one.
Came through when all others failed  This antenna solved all the reception problems at my house that's about 30 miles from any TV transmitters. It isn't too big and obnoxious looking and simply does the job. The antenna itself and hardware/mount included were sufficient. Would recommend for anyone within about 30 miles of tv stations.
Christmas gift  She loved it
My God Daughter is very please
Granddaughter loves her Bubble Guppies.  My granddaughter is 9 months old and loves her Bubble Guppies. Colors, music and story lines are great learning tools for her. Mom gets a short break to get a few household chores done tool.
Baby room decor  Parents to be loved it for the themed room decor!
Perfect
Girlfriend Captured!  Threw this at my girlfriend. We are still together. Captured.
she loved it  found the right thing to reinforce a story from vacation.  slightly smaller than the real one that came to visit but got the laugh it deserved
Great gift  Bought this for my nephew's birthday and he loves it. Its super soft so he sleeps with it every night.
Love it so cute and soft and fast shipping :)
Yo Gabba 13" Charaters  I purchased the set for my 18 month old granddaugher.  Was impressed with the size, constrution and the close appearance to the tv characters.  Granddaughter loves them and has one of the other in her arms much of the time. This is an outstanding set for a child who is a Yo Gabba fan
Cute!  My 9 year old son loves it! Goes great with the other Minecraft plushies even though this one is a tiny bit bigger than the others.
very funny and comfortable I love.
Came two weeks before I thought we would get.  My nephew was thrilled. Thank you!!!
My son is in love with his new stuffed animal  My son is in love with his new stuffed animal!  Good quality came in a timely manner!  Overall happy with purchase!
Tiny  This little fluffy sheep fits into one of my hands. So it is very small but extremely adorable. The sound device inside worked properly and was loud. Excited to give it as a gift.
Super cute  At first, my two-yr old shaun-the-sheep loving grandson, was a bit apprehensive. Possibly because it looked and sounded like the real thing!? It is a perfect size for him, and so cute to boot. We loved it.
Thanks
Wonderful product. Delivery fast. Very satisfied.
Awesome!
Look wonderfull in my duagthers room
A classis
perfect for my frozen lover. they are super cute!
grandson loves it
Highly Recommend  My 21 month old son LOVES his Let's Imagine Elmo!  He enjoys changing the hats and getting different responses from Elmo. At 21 months, he is learning to count and is fascinated with naming the parts of the body so he likes counting the times he has squeezed Elmo's nose with Elmo. When wearing the pirate hat, Elmo plays music and different sounds you might hear at the sea and he prompts you to squeeze his belly when you hear a specific noise during the music. That part is a little advanced for my son, but that just means Let's Imagine Elmo will remain intriguing as my little guy grows, and even though my son doesn't understand the instructions, yet, he still dances with the music. It's really cute!  The same concept with the crown.  While wearing the crown, Elmo will play "Elmo says" and give instructions to tickle his belly or squeeze his nose, etc. he instruction part is a little advanced for my 21 month old, but the interaction is still fun. Besides, they toys specifically states it's for 2+, so we knew parts of it he would need to grow in to. We love "Let's Imagine Elmo" at our house!! Highly recommend!
Absolutely Adorable!  We saw this same bunny at an expensive department store and found it on Amazon for a great price! It is very small for the price, but the bunny is so adorable and soft that I think it's absolutely worth the money. Would make a very cute gift also.
Cute!
So cute and perfect sized to serve as my classroom mascot.
Special Spaceman  Hard to find a Spaceman for a 6 month old great nephew - this was perfect.
delivered as promised
good buy  Perfect, and don't worry. The corners on the picture does not stock out like that :)
SHE LOVED IT  Ive bought my niece a couple other dolls, one she didn't go near at all. This one made her smile and happy! I was glad to see that she liked it. It is a good purchase for a 2 yr old and great quality.
Grandson loves these Pokemon won't put them down. Thanks
My kid is happy to get it!
Very daughter carrys it. Around on her neck
My daughter sleeps with this every night.
Perfect size for little hands!
My son loves it
awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  very detailed well made not cheap buy any means got for my 11 year old daughter for xmass and she sleeps with it every night good deal good price
Looks great and the ladies love it. 5 stars.
Fun little toy for the Elmo fan  It Works well, arrived on time and my 1 year old loves it. Kids love balls and Elmo and this combines that.
Perfect Love It Looks Just Like On The  Perfect Love It Looks Just Like On The Picture
Thank you very much for this gift. I loved it. And also i was very happy that it was here on time. MY granddaughter loved it.
Just too cute  My granddaughter is going to love this for Christmas
Great buy  My friends 3y/o loved this doll.  Carried it around and didn't even open the other presents
I love it!  So cute and soft and looks completely like Ikki!
it's so adorable: )  IT'S SO SOFT AND FLUFFY!!!  Very cute! It's slightly different than the pic shows - I included a pic :)  it's very fully stuffed and I feel the "beanie" feel on the bottom...  the legs and arms are not stuffed, so they flop down... it's so adorable :)
TY!
Very soft and cute!
The real thing  I very much appreciate that this is the real deal!  And the first thing my daughter did was cut the tag off.  But she LOVES her Sylveon.  After seeing pictures of all the fakes, there's no way I would chance those.  Thank You!!
It was a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves it.
Better than I thought!  The toy is perfect... the size is great and Biggie even talks!
LOOK AT IT  Took about a month to get here but omg how adorable. It came perfectly and I'm so happy with it. He's round, clean, well made and oh so cute
it's the perfect size to just be a change purse or a small wallet. I can put all my credit cards, cash, change, chapstick, pocket knife & still have space to throw receipts in there. small enough to fit in my back pocket like a fat lil wallet. love it! so many compliments on how cute it is too!!
Love it....the graphics are rich and beautiful.
Very pleased with this purchase!!!
Nicely made. My grand son loves this product  Nicely made.  My grand son loves this product.
kids love it
Wonderful toy  This 12 inch Elmo Plush is the ideal size for an 18 month or older baby to play or sleep with. Very safely made. Soft and cuddly. My twin grandchildren love these.
Great plushie to hug and sleep with  This moogle is so soft and is just the right size for hugging. Great plushie to hug and sleep with!
Love it  Great throw quilt. Colorful and beautiful. Good quality. Be sure to check the size. It is a throw and not a twin. I love it.
This is adorable.  Bought it as a gift for a friend and it was perfect!
My son loves it!
Amazing find for any duck puppy lovers
A1
Granddaughter loves it!  Cute
Better than expected  After watching a few vlogs Disney hauls I became in love with this Stitch. So when I found one for a reasonable price I jumped to the chance in getting him. Let me say this mine does do got a different tag than in the picture. Mine got the one where you would see in Disney store. BUT doesnt mean mine is fake. Just means my seller got theirs in a different store in the park. Now onto the plushie. He is silky soft to the touch. He looks a lot bigger than the one in the store. He can sit upright easily. And he looks so cute with his ears down like he just wants you to hug him tight. He is the perfect match to my Angel plush from the Disney Parks. And I am grateful I found him when I did.
Great gift for any lama lama lover  Great lama stuffed animal. My daughter loves the books and now she hold lama lama every time we read the stories together!!!
Cute
Duh, its a plush spidey!  I love it and my kid loves it, durable, soft and cute.
I found this toy an it's her favorite.  My 18 month old loves this toy ! She became obsessed with buckles.  I found this toy an it's her favorite.
Love it! Looks just like the picture! Fast shipping and in excellent condition!
quick shipping!  Product was said it would arrive within 21 days and I actually received my product within 14 days I was very happy since this was a Christmas present. The product is everything I expected and my 9 year old loves it!!! ONE NEGATIVE THING BUT IT'S NOT WORTH. LOSS OF A STAR IS THIS STUFFED TOY IS A LOT BIGGER THEN I EXPECTED!!
Really cute little guy  for 5 bucks and some change I really love this little addition to my Batman collection. He looks awesome sitting next to Batman and blue Batman.
Great Item  A great item that is well made and inexpensive. Small, soft, and quite cute. A must-have for any Pokmon fan.
Great product  Love the product, I bought it as a gift and it arrived fully intact, no loose threads or open seams. Very soft, but firm enough to sit up on its own. Great as a decorative plushy for a pokemon enthusiast.
SO CUTE AND SOFT!
Great gift  I bought this plush as a gift for a friend that loves Harry Potter. She was very suprised and loves the addition to her Harry Potter collection. I found this plush on this site for the best price.
Best Stroller/Car Seat Toy  My 6-month old son loves this toy (my husband and I call it his "Cowraffe" after a lengthy debate over whether it was a cow or a giraffe). It is by far the best stroller toy we've bought. We have the Infantino turtle, the Bright Starts Giraffe, and the Lamaze Captain Calamari and the Cowraffe is our favorite. I think the Cowraffe has the best mix of textures, sounds, and toys to keep him interested. The leaves crinkle (and are his favorite thing to chew on), each of the feet have a different fabric texture, and the body has a bell/rattle that makes noise. There is also a hanging toy that has beads and spiral patterns, which are mesmerizing to a fussy baby. My son takes his Cowraffe everywhere,  it clips easily to the stroller, carseat, and front pack.
Gaga over new toy cat  <div id="video-block-R1PUMGL4SW6MN0" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1XjUNez4XS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81MWBSJsWyS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I purchased this for my 7 month old granddaughter because her brother who is five originally had one, so my Sophia took his Pete until I saw this Pete the cat is was adorable and more for her size. Upon receiving she was so excited she didn't want to go to sleep I have a video of her past midnight playing with her Pete, the two are Inseparable so I'm very happy wit the purchase.
You'll fall in love  I got it for someone who looks like Pooh but then I didn't want to give it away because it was too cute. Good companion for lonely nights.
Perfect!
Hard to find, Brown Pelican  We had been looking for months for any with pelicans.  When we found this one, we knew we could use it for what we originally needed, then the kids would be excited to have a new "cuddly".
... for a birthday gift for a little girl that loved Ariel. She seemed very happy  We bought this for a birthday gift for a little girl that loved Ariel. She seemed very happy. It's a good size, soft and bright colors. Very nice.
Adorable!  Adorable plush toy! Gave it to a one year old girl for Christmas and she loves it.
LOVE!  My son loves everything about these plushes. Great Product!
My daughter loved it. I wish it was bigger.
Great!
Perfect
My grandson loved it!
Bought it for a birthday party she loved it
Christmas stockings stuffers!  They're so cute! Makes great Christmas gifts!
Perfect Geek Decor  Very cute stocking stuffer for any Portal fan. All the grey areas have a low, very soft fur (100% Polyester) and the hearts are made with iridescent film, turning a shiny blue-green-gold pink if they catch the light just right-- cool and unexpected! The stuffing is a little firm and makes quiet crinkles when you squeeze it, so I cannot recommend it as a small child's toy. But there is a built-in strap to hang it by, so as far as geek decor goes, two thumbs up!
Too cute !!
Stuffed Plush Keldeo  This stuffed animal was cute and a decent size. Most Pokemon stuffed animals are pretty small but I thought this was just right. It was colorful and soft. It was delivered on time and in perfect condition. I would suggest this item for anyone.
Just adorable!  I purchased one doll in green and another in pink.  These dolls are so cute and soft.  I can't wait to give them to my granddaughters for Christmas.  I just love them!
Great Toy!  My almost 2-year-old granddaughter can't put it down!
Happy Granddaughter  Ordered the Ariel Aurora Doll for my granddaughter.  She called me and said the she loved it and that it was from Disneyland. She was so happy.  We Facetimed and I saw that it  was in perfect condition.  Also, it did arrive in time as promised.
My grandson loved these and they were bigger than I expected!
Super cute.
So Cute! And Cool, too.  Such a cute toy. Well-made, soft plush. The wings are posable which is adorable and adds to the fun. The colors are vibrant.  Love this toy!
Mario Microphone Magic  Son loves it.
Wnnie the Pooh Stuffed Animal  Plush, soft, well constructed stuffed animal toy that made Our 5 year old Granddaughter so very happy, I highly recommend this item!
Perfect......
Love the Elmos  Both my baby and toddler just love the talking Elmo toys, even I have to agree they're pretty cute. Hold up great over the years, peek-a-boo Elmo was our latest purchase and he's just as cute as the others- the baby loves him!
So cute & well made.
And I love it that this oshawott is smiling at me ^_^  So cute! And I love it that this oshawott is smiling at me ^_^
Works like a charm.
Dino  Looks like the product in picture.  Soft. My son loves it.
You will love these!  They are really cute! Just what I expected
I love it!
Good
For the Sparky lovers  Soft, durable and larger than I expected. Definitely a great purchase.
Yes
It's true, there isn't a cuter dog than Boo. I ordered for a little girl who wants a real dog but can't have one. I hope she'll be comforted by Boo and I'm proud to give her as a gift!
Hellotheworld  It is such as a lovely toy. Very cute. I bought it for my little guy. He likes it so much.
My Kid liked a lot...
I'm very happy.  Item was exactly as described, and shipping was on time. I'm very happy.
Love it  Bought this for my grandson for his 2nd birthday. It went along with his Luguna Monkey bedding. He loves it
Perfect size my son love it.
Just Buy him... for you, your kids, anyone!  This is the most adorable stuffed animal, ever. It is smaller than I expected but that doesn't make a difference in how cute and cuddly it is, he's super soft. I just can't get over how precious this little fox is! He will be coming to the hospital with us when our son is born, that's how much I love him!
love it
Super cute... Our son loves it!! Good quality!!
love him
It's the perfect size and super soft  I bought this as a baptism gift. It's the perfect size and super soft.
Sweet Bunny  Purchased Ittybit at a high end department store at the same price as offered by Amazon. Ittybit is the perfect size for little hands and very plush for babies. Ittybit is round and floppy. Bought this for Easter, but my daughter was with me and she wanted to play with the bunny right away. She's going to have to wait though!
My granddaughter love them very much  My granddaughter  love them very much!
Best Looking Toothless Toy  I've Seen  Daughter is BIG Dragons fan and she loved this.  It's not a plush cuddle toy.  It's more for display in your bedroom.
It has not came yet but my sis will love it thank you  I bought this for my sister as a surprise because she gave me money. She loves shopkins so much. It has not came yet but my sis will love it thank you!!!
I'm not *into* speakers, but these Klipsch speakers are amazing!  My husband's hobbies are golf and home entertainment systems. We've been married 13 years, and my husband has cobbled together surround sound speaker sets. He's always wanted a set of great speakers.  My husband bought all the Klipsch speakers and components needed for our home entertainment system. He had been recognized at work for his outstanding work ethic, so I suggested to him he should do something fun with some of the money. (He normally puts it into savings and buys stuff for the house, etc. He never wants to spend money on himself, but I think he deserves it!)  I love watching Netflix, Vudu, movies, etc. and find this new system to be brilliant! I can actually tell a difference in the quality of these speakers and the ones we had before. I have severe health issues that keep me from being able to do the activities I'd like to do. I also am partly deaf, and these speakers are so clear that I can hear more dialogue and don't have to rely so much on closed captioning. I've gotten a lot of use out of our home entertainment system. My husband searched for the best deal on the speakers and saved enough to afford the LG 3D tv we'd been looking at. We love curling up on the sofa and enjoying our entertainment system together or invite friends over for movie night.  I just wanted to review Klipsch speakers from the view point of a wife who's husband loves sound systems. I didn't think I'd love a home entertainment system so much, but I do.
I love it
but the dogs may love it more  Girlfriend loves it, but the dogs may love it more.
Soft cute puppy  This toy is so soft and cute and my grandson loves it.
Awesome thanks
and she really liked it.  It was a birthday gift for a little girl, and she really liked it.
Came quickly and was a great gift for my nephew  Came quickly and was a great gift for my nephew. Also, there are no chokeable parts so it's safe for your little worshiper!
Super soft plushie. My daughter loves it :)
Amazing workmanship  Amazing workmanship.  Delivered more quickly than expected.  My son was thrilled...and so was I.  Expensive, but well worth it.  It will last a lifetime.
Perfect Pete Puppet!  Love this puppet of Pete! It was the only way I could get my new kindergartener to ride the bus by himself and with the addition of some cool blue magic sunglasses he was able to see riding the bus in a whole new way. Pete made my sons anxiety much less and accompanied him to school for weeks! It got dirty but didn't fall apart at all. Money well spent! GROOVY! 
my daughter just loved to zip and unzip its back
granddaughter loved it
So Kawaii  So cute and bigger than i pictured 
Arrived sooner than expected and is AWESOME! My sons love these!
stitching is good.  Solid...2 year old loves it...stitching is good.
SMALL Joy Plush  Arrived in great shape.  I wasn't surprised by the size of the doll due to the dimensions listed, but it isn't very large.
Adorable Mermaid  This mermaid is adorable and a perfect gift for any little girl.
love him  who doesnt love a glo worm? this one is special because it plays music too! babies love the lights and the music. very cute
I love this doll  My son named this guy Kevin. I give him five stars because 1st he is adorable, so cute: 2nd he is washable -- just throw him in the washing machine; 3rd the tasks on him (like the buttoning) aren't too difficult. They are hard enough that a small child will get a sense of accomplishment when a task is completed; and finally 4th, it is soft and cuddly.
Sableye is my favorite Pokemon of all time  Sableye is my favorite Pokemon of all time, and I couldn't of found a better plush! It came in perfect condition, and it's so soft too!
My 2 year old loves paw patrol. It is on the smaller side but just right for a small child.
My daughter loves it....
My grandson loved it. Thanks for such quick service. Great deal!!
Great product!
great Tinkerbell toy for young kids  my 2 year old loved it. materials are nice and stitching seems good.
This is probably the best thing I've ever bought in my entire life! Togepi is very sentimental to me, when it arrived today I was so utterly surprised! It was in perfect condition and just so adorable that I had to hug it multiple times. All these other reviews saying it was smushed into their mailboxes, well that's not the seller's fault that's your mailman's fault. Mines came in great condition and I will love it for eternity. I highly recommend getting a Togepi!
Very pretty mermaid doll. My granddaughter loved it.
... sure what to expect from a Hand Knit item like this. It's very soft  I wasn't sure what to expect from a Hand Knit item like this. It's very soft, well made. It's like... if Grandma was selling her creations for the grandkids. And I mean that as a high compliment. The nose on it is a little fragile where it connects to the face so I'm not sure you'd wanttogive it to a kid who was too young to understand not to yank it off. But other than that it really is a great plushie.  This was a birthday gift for my BFF who is gnome obsessed and he loves it. :)
Just as expected!
Fantastic!!
Very cute toy, my Grandson loves it!
Sent as a gift. ?
Our lab mix love passed away and my kids are missing her dearly  Our lab mix love passed away and my kids are missing her dearly, we bought one for each of them to help heal the loss. These little dogs are absolutely perfect! Soft, cuddly and great for snuggling while drifting off to sleep.
My babys favorite toy!!
exactly what I expected
My 10 week old loves this toy. She will stare and bat at it all while smiling and cooing.
Great price  Good quality, kids love them.  I am sure I will be purchasing the whole collection once it's said and done.
Cool Plush!  Another great plush, awesome quality. My son is very happy with this purchase for his birthday. It is very large, decent size.
Absolutely Adorable!  We saw this same bunny at an expensive department store and found it on Amazon for a great price! It is very small for the price, but the bunny is so adorable and soft that I think it's absolutely worth the money. Would make a very cute gift also.
Exactly like the photo were perfect!
I love it.  So soft! So floofy! I love it.
Great toys  Fast service, better than emexpected,  good quality, beloved toys
Love it and worth it  Love the doll great size
This is very cute.
Dr Seuss  I bought this as an accessory for a diaper cake I was making a friend. I love it!! Who doesn't love Dr. Seuss....no one that's who!! Great buy!!
Cute Characters  Cute and perfect for my grandson
Just what I wanted  Awesome!!!!!
Sven to a T. Very well made  Very accurate and well made version of Sven. This isn't a soft and squishy stuffed animal though. Sven is a little more on th stiff side but he can stand up just fine.
great
Great product! Just as described  Great product!  Just as described!
Great product  Shipped fast and great quality!! Good size also.. definitely will buy again
Looks great!  I'm always worried what a plush will look like when buying. This one is great, looks just like the Pokemon. My son will be happy when he opens on Christmas!
Buy him.  I love Kermit the frog!!!!!!!!!!!!
y daughter loves all the sonic toys, so this was great for her..  y daughter loves all the sonic toys, so this was great for her..So if you are a collector of sonic plush this was a great addition
My granddaughters favorite toys  My granddaughter's absolute favorite toys! I can't believe how much she loves them and carries them everywhere with her. They're very well made and hold up to her constant playing with them and friends playing with them. I'm extremely pleased with this purchase!
Arrived in great condition with tags intact  He's a very cute little Psyduck. He arrived in perfect condition, with the tags still attached. The size is accurately described, about the right size for use as decoration or collections, less so if you want something huggable.
great quality
Good quality item for the price - purchased for school carnival prize.
We used this little guy as a sort of "elf on the shelf tradition" but for st pattys day.  It was a big hit with the kids.  He will help us make memories for years to come!
GOOD ITEM...
I have all of these plushies. I love them, but I got each of them at Walmart for 11.99$.
soft and adorable  We used this for a pea pod baby shower diaper cake.  It was adorable!  And now the baby has a new toy!
Hello Kitty Bedroom  I made this purchase for my 11yr old Granddaughters bedroom. She is really excited about anything Hello Kitty. I love it too.
My daughters love it
Plush Narwhals Rock!  Got it for a friend.  She loves it.  Sleeps with it beside her every night.  Well made and cute as a button.  If you're looking for a quirky stuffed animal look no further
Love! I need to buy a second set  Love! I need to buy a second set. My 3&4year old boys fight over who they are going to sleep with every night. Very well made. Good size.
Excellent quality! Granddaughter loves it!
She & her dog both loved the realistic sound  <div id="video-block-R2JT69KDHD5DJ1" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/915TE5eGp7S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91Vg1it0NNS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I got it as a gift for someone whose nickname is "the mockingbird. It was a hit.
Happy with purchase  I bought this for my grandchild, who got Woody, Jessie and Buzz for her birthday, which her party was right before Christmas, and I work in a large chain retail store, and the only Bullseye horse I saw for sale came packaged with a Jessie doll that was smaller considerably smaller than Woody and Buzz, so I opted not to by the combo and just get the characters themselves. Then after her party she tells me she only wishes she had the horse. Ofcourse, grandma had to find it! It is a plush, but he is a bit on the stiff side, he doesn't stand by himself, but he didn't in the movie either. When I received it I was very pleased, it works great with the doll size and it is a pretty durable piece. I was very pleased! This is the one I would recommend to match the large pull string dolls from Toy Story!
Awesome toy.  My daughter loves it. Awesome toy.
Waiting is the hardest part  This  was  for my nephew's birthday but shipping international was a first - long wait - he takes it everywhere - good size -intriguing character...good quality.
Professional look.  These work great for mounting custom boards, terminal strips, etc. on DIN Rail. Makes for a very clean installation.
Collectable cutie  This sailor moon plushie is adorable and was the 1st fan merchandise I bought from the Sailor Moon series. I absolutely love the story and have every one of them available. So I was super delighted to find that Sailor Mercury, Sailor Jupiter, and Chibi Moon are now being sold. Finally! Now all I need is the company to start selling plushies of the outer sailor senshi. I'll keep hoping until then :)
My 5 month old son jumps by seeing this  What to say about this toy! It was a gift for my son when he was 2 month old. He fell in love with this right from the beginning. He is a colicky baby and cries a lot in the evenings most of the times, in these stressful times, this little toy was a life saver. It gives him some kind of soothing feeling jus by looking at it. No doubt its his favorite toy. He looks at it with the same enthusiasm every day and is so fond of seeing it. Kudoos to the makers!
LOVE IT  Gift for my daughter and not only was this super soft but it was so cute I want one myself.  It's not big but it's just as described which means check sizing, my 14 year old LOVES it and it was the best gift for her.
Cute and soft
Soft and good quality!
great
Cute  Even cuter than pictured. My 17 month old LOVES it
Sven plush figure  Very nice quality and size.  My granddaughter loves it!
Awesome toy  My two year old is obsessed with this toy. A little pricey but definitely worth the $
Super cute, incredibly soft, great purchase! This will be a gift I am excited to give.
Great gift  I got this doll for my one year old niece and she loved it, I can recommend this to any age.
HE'S MY SON  LOOK AT MY SON- PRIDE IS NOT THE WORD I'M LOOKING FOR - THERE IS SO MUCH MORE INSIDE ME NOW
Cute
Great decor  My 20 year old loved it as a decor for her room, it is as it looks in the pic, good quality
I want more Giantmicrobes!  Love giant microbes! This was great for a class presentation I did on cervical cancer.
great gift
This is a soft and absorbable plush.
gift..can't review
Present for my daughter and she loves it.
Love it
Great service and item.  I bought for my nephew that is one years old and he loved it.  The package also arrived earlier than I exspected which was a added bonus.
Bought these as a gift they love them!
9 yr old takes it everywhere  Adorable! Soft, cute and loveable. What else do you need?
My daughter loves Sailor Moon and this was adorable!
My Stitch fan (age 11) is ecstatic with her Stitch doll, whom she carries everywhere.
beautiful!  my little granddaughter just loves her pooh! It is much nicer than I imagined it would be
Good Product  Quality work, delivered on time.
Super cute and really well made.
Perfect centerpiece for an aladdin birthday
Uppy has ear wings  The color of Uppy is an intense pink/rose...very nice color. Wish I had ear wings. Just think of the sounds you could hear and then fly off to follow them.
My 19 month old loves the buckles!
Perfect 1st birthday gift.  So cute! My daughter loves him.
Exactly like the picture shown-everything I wanted in a mew plush  Very soft! Exactly like the picture shown-everything I wanted in a mew plush!
Great for my toddlers  Great for my toddlers, we also have the 9in BB-8 doll. This one has only one set of sounds it makes per belly push but it is quite a bit louder than the BB8 doll.
I was treated to 2119's all evening as the fun and laughter filed the house  I was treated to 2119's all evening as the fun and laughter filed the house. This was very well received by my 5 tear old nephew.  Arrived on time and well packaged.
it was great, WAY better than my old bootleg
Great gift  This doll is truly a great gift for anybody who likes Van Gogh. Even with a detachable ear, it has every detail that anybody who knows the great artsit would appreciate.
My son loves the buckles. It's a must have for car rides.
Nice
Good deal
super cute  My two year old niece loves this.  She watches the show all the time and really enjoys carrying this special guy around with her.  Great for little ones.
the children love this
Salamence   My kid loves this thing, takes it everywhere. It's very very soft and made with quality in mind. I've had to wash him a few times and the color held up well.
so very very cuties and nice
Unique Moana  Perfect size for a little kid. Great price. Cute, but not the typical Moana outfit from the movie. My daughter tried to find the specific outfit throughout the whole movie. But, have been happy with her!
Cool  Asuna looks great and she goes well with kirito this is a must for any fans of the show :)
LOVE Yoshi!  I love Yoshi so much! Yes, this isn't the original green one but I don't care. It just looks so much cooler in black! It's smaller than I thought it would be. A little sad & disappointed but:  1- mine came a bit deformed. I should have tried exchanging it but didn't think it was worth the hassle. 2- On the back of its head, there's ribbon so you can hang it somewhere.
Great little stocking stuffers. Just what I needed for my two kids who love the show.
It's a soft beautiful doll. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.
Extremely satisfied!  Pleased that delivery arrived on time as advertised. Baby Nephew loves his new Elmo!
Great Toys and Fantastic Customer Service  The plush doll arrived quickly, just in time for my goddaughter's birthday. My little goth loved this doll!  The only downside was the delivery service left the package in my driveway during heavy rains. Thankfully, not too much water got in the package. But after alerting Toy Factory and Amazon about this, Toy Factory reached out to me to check on the doll's condition.  So 5/5 for excellent products and outstanding customer service!
As described. My son loves it
As a fan of Inside Out, I quickly became a fan of Bing Bong.  Probably one of the funniest Disney characters which suffered from one of the most saddest fates.  "Take her to the moon..."  Richard Kind is probably one of the most talented actors on the planet!
Great quality and super adorable!  This plushie is super adorable! The only thing is that his vest is more gray than brown and the vest is a little dark. Other than that, this is a great gift for any Grell fan! Also, it has a loop on the head so you can clip him to stuff.
Soft and the perfect size to carry  Daughter takes this everywhere.  Soft and the perfect size to carry.
so very pleased with this little guy  Needed for my daughters pictures, so very pleased with this little guy! He'll get tons of love :)
Perfect for my 2 year old  My son loves this doll.  It's soft and perfect size for him to sleep with it.  Glad i purchased.
Fanstatic Little Pan  I received this as part of a set from my husband, who knew I'd been drooling over the Le Creuset lineup for years now.  I was initially concerned that with the usable space at roughly 5 1/2" wide by 4" deep, it might be too small to be really useful but was quickly proven wrong - it's perfect for heating up a serving of soup or milk for hot chocolate.  The lid fits snugly and the steam vent does what it's supposed to, no dripping water everywhere.  Cleans up easily with soap and water, the handles are sturdy and stay cool, and the dual pour spouts are genius. Overall, this is a fantastic piece that should last approximately forever...I couldn't be more pleased.
Nephew loves it and won't sleep without it  I bought this product for my 3 year old nephew and he plays with it all the time and named it. It has outranked his previous go to toys that he wouldn't leave the house or sleep without. Has held up very well since purchase (6ish months so far) in spite of constant use.
My son loves him
This is a nice Talking Bing. My grand-niece really likes it.
Aliens Collection  Excellent quality. My daughter loves this! If you buy this, then you must get the Facehugger! Both are great quality!
New just as described  New as described
Good Stuff  As listed. Great product. Thanks
You can't go wrong with Gund!  This little doll is absolutely adorable!  She is so soft!  I love that I can throw it in the wash machine and dryer, and it comes out looking perfect!  The quality is impeccable!  You really can't go wrong with Gund... it's just a matter of picking the one you like the most!
Cute
Go Preds!  Took it to Nashville Predators playoff games! Looks nice, feels nice. No fishy smell! :D
Quality doll, cheaper on Amazon than elsewhere  My 3 year old loves mermaids and fell in love with this at a local boutique. I was thrilled that as usual, Amazon had it for at least 30% cheaper. Ordered and received it fast! Toddler completely happy. The product is soft, large, and classic looking. I love it.
Plays with "Buckles" on her own for a good length of time.  My 19 month old LOVES it!
Great for the office  I am not sure what the Slingshot Flying Monkey says about me, but I have received two as gifts.  I keep my monkey at work, and when things seem to be getting a little stressed out, I shoot the monkey off.  The scream of the monkey is a bit on the annoying time, but it wakes everybody up. I have shot my monkey about 20 feet and had it land on more than one persons keyboard.  Quality wise it is soundly made.  The only con is I have big hands and it is hard for me to fit my fingers in the pouch which is required to sling the monkey, a normal sized hand would have no problems.  I could see a child being bored of the monkey after a few tries, but my monkey comes out of the drawer every few months, and always makes the office smile.
my girl loved it  My daughter loves the blanket and the big hello kitty made her so happy, this was a nice choice for her cause it's soft and cuddly
Five Stars
I like it but I really did not realized that the item was coming from China. Originally they said that item was going to arrive in a month. For my good fortune it arrived half the time. The package which I thought was not the best (wrapt in a black bag). Once I opened the bag the Kyle is just as ugly as the picture. I did notice just like everyone else that commented on Kyle well he does not stands up on his own. For me that is okay because I just buried it with the pillows in my bed. But the best thing to do is just chase your kids with it while barking. Anyway you have to have fun and which dog do you ever see standing all the time on their legs, naw they are always on their side, lol, enjoy!
Cute, cuddly and adorable!  Adorable giraffe - neck bends and repositions - his face is adorable!!  Grand-daughter is going to love this with her giraffe pajamas for Christmas!
Holding up great after several washes!  Got this for my nephew and he loves it!  This was to replace the one he currently has because it is so dirty!  I have washed this several times already and he is holding up great.  My nephew loves it!
Grandson loved it.
Love this Barney  2 yr old absolutely loves it.  Loves the song, and hugs and kisses Barney every time he sings "a great big hug and a kiss from me to you".  He carried it around for the longest time, and had no interest in opening more gifts!
Great toy  Perfect! My son loves it  We own two so the boys play together.  Great toy for our family.  Good buy
I love it. Just got this today. So far it so good.
So worth the money!  My twin two year old girls love their "Bucky" toy as they call him. We got these to travel with on the plane as they had really been enjoying doing the buckles on their high chairs and this toy did not disappoint. One of my girls played with this for an hour of the flight which was amazing. When we got back we let the girls play with them at home and they will sit nice and quietly as they play. It has helped them learn how to match colors as you need two of the same color strap to buckle the toy. It is also sweet to watch my girls as they will help one another if one gets stuck. They both are still learning to unbuckle the toy so we do have to help them but that's ok as they will learn with time.  We purchased this one and the green one that does not have the flaps on the back. I really don't think the flaps were worth the extra money as my girls just don't seem to care for them so if you are looking to save a couple bucks I would go with the green. If they are same price mine as well get the blue one with the additional feature.
Good size. Nice and soft. Sleeps with my son every night.
Decent plush  My son loved this toy. He loves Kirby. The quality is good, but make sure you get it at a good price.
... and it came early than expected with is a super plus!  My nephew absolutely LOVES it and it came early than expected with is a super plus!!
Awesome  Good quality!
It's So Fluffy  This was a gift for my girlfriend. The animsl itself is very fluffy and soft. Quality of the item is wonderful and will make anyone happy.
Weird but cute  I bought this doll to add to my niece's collection at christmas. She loved it! It was only one of a few boy dolls and it is probably her new favorite. Cute, well made, and great price.
Love it!  Great porduct! It was much bigger than I thought ti was going to be. Also i had no idea his legs were pose-able which is absolutely awesome. He will be a perfect touch to my boyfriend and I's Frozen costumes :) He was however a bit expensive in my thoughts but I am unsure what the Disney Store and other store price of him was. I just was in need of one and this here is the one I found :)
my daughter loves it  I bought this pokemon and a few others for my Daughter and she loves them very much. They are very well made and quite soft.
4 stars very nice !  this i a gift so i have no review at this time,but i am sure it will be enjoyed.
Received what I asked for  Just what I was looking for.
Awesome toy!  Our two year old loves this! Keeps her busy!
My granddaughter loves Elmo and she will love this.
I didn't really pay attention to the dimensions listed - this guy was a little bugger than I was expecting BUT was an absolute steal! I used him as the top of a diaper cake and he was a huge hit. Item arrived quickly and exceeded expectations- I would order from this vendor again.
Excellent for little baby boy/girl  Bought the whole collection form my little baby boy. When he is in his crib I recreate famous battle scenes with sound effects and everything. He loves it! Product is pretty soft and with no hard edges. The only downside is that they are a little smaller than I thought they'd be. It is never to soon to introduce Star Wars to your kids!!!
Cute! We purchased for a project for my 10 year old. Served its purpose well!
It was very cute. My granddaughter loves it.  It was very cute.  My granddaughter loves it.
ONE OF MY GRANDDAUGHTERS FAVORITE TOYS
My daughter LOvED this toy she's been looking everywhere for it.  Thanks for a GREAT product!!
Good Quality  This product is high quality. The head is turned upwards slightly in a very cute imitation of little piglet looking up. It is soft, and it has no smell. My daughter was extremely pleased with it. It is obviously overpriced because of the Disney tag, but it was still worth it.
My daughters love that they "nurse" with the magnets  We already own the cat, and I purchased this one and the dog.  The sheep is a bit more "chubby" in proportion to her shorter legs than the dog and cat.  Still darling.  My daughters love that they "nurse" with the magnets.
Granddaughter loved it!
They are the best and most nutritious for our Greenwing Macaw  Did a bunch of research before purchasing Roudybush pellets. They are the best and most nutritious for our Greenwing Macaw. We tried others, but she prefers the RB. still after 11 years.
Fantastic Giraffe for Little Hands  This little giraffe is fantastic!  It's very high quality; even better than I expected.  The size is perfect for little hands.  My one-year-old loves it!  I'm so pleased with this purchase.
Perfect gift. Well loved by the recipients  Perfect gift.  Well loved by the recipients.
My son loves it and he is super picky!  Soft!  My son loves it and he is super picky!
GREAT toy!  My son loves this!  It's super cute.  He loves doing the zipper, button, and velcro.  The songs and sayings are really fun.  It's all easy to push and do the different things on Elmo
Fast and Cute  So adorable and the shipping didn't take longer than it stated.
My son LOVES this stuffie.  It is incredibly soft and will get lots of play time.
Disney authentic and great quality.
Such a cute little set!
This item is pretty small, and a pretty strong orange color. Overall, still pretty well made.
Excellent
Twins love the toy  My grandsons (twins) love doing and undoing the buckles on their new whale!
Really great stuffy for the price.  My daughter loves it!
wash it  got dirty and held up well after washing.
One of the best presents for Peppa fans  My 4 yo will not part with it. She calls Peppa her best friend. I was worried it was a bit too big for her. She even commented on how "too big" it was when she initially opened the box, turns out this is not a problem at all
Exactly like Naruto's wallet  Exactly like Naruto's wallet.  Cute, fun change purse.  Good quality.  Takes a while to ship, received about 3 weeks after ordered (but it DID make it in time for xmas)
SO CUUUUTTTEEEE!!!!!!  I am in love with this. Good quality and the price is unbeatable. It is too adorable for words. Will be buying more in the future.
My son loves this plush toy.
Thanks
Awesome Gift  My girlfriend always wanted a pug and this is what I gave her. She was delighted because she gets to have her pug now. This gift was great as it doesnt come with added responsibility of taking care of a pet.
so cute  When reviewing this product it asked me 1.how much fun is this toy?  i bought it for my grandson for a christmas present which is still a few months away... so i don't know how much fun it will be.. but i like it. 2. how would you rate this toy's educational value?  I am a teacher but i can't see that it would be at all educational, but really... do all toys have to be? 3. how durable is this toy?  again, won't know until grandson recieves and uses it. 4. how do you rate this toy overall?  even though i am not the one this was purchased for i rate it a 5 star.  I bought the original llama llama red pajama book for my grandson 2 years ago, it is still one of his (although slightly tattered) favorites.  He cannot read yet, but he can quote the book and regularly request it for bedtime reading.  I just purchased the other two books and pre-ordered the newest book.  When I saw the llama llama red pajama doll i just had to get it to go along with the books.  My grandson is not one to really enjoy this type of toy, but i think when he sees it and makes the connection to his favorite book, he will love it. i believe it will be a nice extension to the book series.
Amazing.  Very cute.
great addition to my grandsons colledtion  this is a Christmas gift for my 3 year old grandson it is so adorable and well made, he will love it and be "so excited" when he opens it. he had his 3rd bday in Sept and the theme was cat in the hat and he loves the DVDs too he is a great Cat In The Hat fan and this will be a great addition to his collection
Buy it!  My grandson loves this toy. He would always want to buckle his high chair and his car seat so I thought this would be perfect for him and I was right! Great toy and very well made.
came fast and looks great
My sis loved him!  So tiny and cute! My sis loved him! :)
Amazing quality, my girlfriend loves it
My son loves his Elmo!
Wonderful!  My grandson loved this Olaf.  It is adorable!  Well made and is as cute as can be.  Would recommend this item!
WHERE'S PERRY? RIGHT HERE!  Excellent tie-in product with the TV show. This Perry makes a very accurate-sounding noise, just like on the show. He's all ready to go battle Dr. Doofenschmirtz!
Senco: some of the best tools available  My Senco nail guns are some of the finest tools that I own
Love it!  Love this plush Woody!!
but it is still fine.  larger than expected, but it is still fine.
My daughter adores it !  Good quality .
Gigantic!  Great toy.  I knew this was a big stuffed animal, but I was still surprised at how big it was when it showed up!  Very well made, the white stripes actually look like they have fish scales.  Really nice toy.
So cute!  I wish it had a doctor phrase or two, but it's adorable!  My daughter absolutely loved it!  It was a surprise birthday present, and the squeals were deafening.
Clicky Crab is amazing  Definitely our 7 month olds second favorite toy! It bumped the spoon down to third place and is pretty close to the top spot which is any sort of string to chew on such as those on sweatshirts, bathing suits or pants, as well as random loose threads... It probably helps that we can clip it near him and he cant throw it from the stroller etc! Lost many a toy and shoe that way
Adorable!  This is super cute and fun.  I ordered this for a Christmas present and I know my granddaughter will love it!
Perfect and adorable!  Really great quality plush here! Secure stitching and embroidery. Exactly as pictured !
Daughter loves them and they came before estimated delivery date!
 "Melmo"  My 2yr old loves her "Melmo" and sleeps with this every night. It's the perfect size and nice and soft.
my son loved it!!!!!
A Cool Cat!  Pete the Cat is very cute! I bought him to go with several of the books I have for my kindergarten classroom. The kids will love having the character to go with the stories.
Legit!  Ridiculously fast delivery, excellent product, excellent price! My kids love it!
Adorable!  Purchased for a friend and she absolutely adored it!!
Blimey, Bruce, it's the cutest platypus ever!  I'm so glad I ordered this platypus. He's entirely adorable, very realistic, life-size, & the extremely high quality made him a very good value. There's so much bang for the buck, they could call him "The Thunder from Down Under." I named him Bruce, just to keep things clear.
Good quality  My daughter loves this doll
My new FAVORITE!!!  LOVE!  This Hello Kitty is my new favorite one!  I collect these TY Hello Kitty's and have 20 now!  I also LOVE how it came sealed in plastic!  I don't think I'm going to take it off, or at least not for a while, because I tend to move quite a bit and this will insure that nothing will get on it!
Professor Layton is a hit!  Perfect for the Professor Layton fan in your house!
CREEPY as a dinosaur and I love it  JUMBO
is cool to  Is awesome
Shipping hick-up  Took a while to receive it. I contacted them and they responded quickly and informed me the original one must've gotten lost. They shipped another without wasted time and I received it in about a week and a half (from china). The product itself was good. Quality of stitching and likeness was good enough to satisfy my 14 year old Pokmon fan. Good size. Pay attention to the sizes as you're shopping, they tend to be small, this one was as advertised.
My granddaughter loved it! She takes ballet and loves dogs  My granddaughter loved it!  She takes ballet and loves dogs.  Thank you!!
It is surprisingly nice for the price I paid for this product  I purchased one of these, the neck seam unraveled about an hour after normal toddler play.  Because there were so many other reviews I returned that one and purchased another.  We have had the new one over a month and have had no issues.  This seems to be a well made product, the neck is adjustable, the giraffe stands fairly well on his own.  It is surprisingly nice for the price I paid for this product.
Good quality for price!
I bought this for a toy drive  I bought this for a toy drive.  I donated itb with pride.
Love it  Almost exactly what we expected! Mr. Grouper is way larger than our other plush dolls but still perfect. Actually it works out nice when they are all set up since he is the teacher. Thank you!
perfect size for snuggling and battling  Cute, perfect size for snuggling and battling ;-)
Super gift  Meet expectation great gift
so awesome! I loveee brewster~ Coo! DRINK IT WHILE ITS HOT! very high quality :) well made
Daughter loves it, all her friends at school now want one too. She sleeps with it almost every night to keep those darn zombies away!
great it did not come but a different toy came instead.
Great Gift for someone  This was a gift and the recipient was delighted.
Love it!  So cute!! Love it!!
it will look good on our unborn sons nursery wall  Quick shipment and delivery! Thank you, it will look good on our unborn sons nursery wall!!
Adorable  Super cute. Perfect for our cabin themed nursery.
GREAT  GREAT THIS IS FOR MY GRAND SON FOR CHRISTMAS  THIS IS HIGH QUALITY AND ALSO FAST SHIPPING HE WILL  LOVE IT
My grandson loved this.
Very beauty and fun!  My son ws loving this Loopy doll! I completed the collection from Pororo to his birthday! Pororo and friends will be the birth theme! After the his birth, we will gift this doll.
Adorable Fox  This fox is adorable. So much nicer than others I looked at. Great Easter alternative to kids that are on bunny overload.
Gooooood
A Happily-Hanging, Soft and Cuddly Sloth!  Meet Gomer and Pyle. These two lovely sloths came to live with my daughters (as well as their Wild Republic red pandas, Rusty and Ginger) a few weeks ago. We are all animal enthusiasts at our house and let our interests lead our learning about the creatures we see on TV and at the zoo. Since the girls don't like to share, we typically buy things in pairs, as we did this time with the sloths. Because I wasn't sure of which to purchase after reading the varying reviews, answers to questions, and descriptions of two seemingly similar sloths on Amazon, I ordered one of each: The Wild Republic Cuddlekin Three Toed Sloth 12" Plush (item http://amzn.to/1Pn3xmG) and the Wild Republic Hanging 3 Toed Sloth (item http://amzn.to/1P1MIdo). After comparing tags and obvious features, I carefully observed their interaction with my daughters. Here is my own assessment of these two guys:  Wild Republic Cuddlekin Three Toed Sloth 12" Plush (item http://amzn.to/1Pn3xmG) - Meet Pyle. Hes not too happy. Pyles scowling face effectively portrays his jealousy of his brothers long arms. Its easy to tell which one is Pyle when looking at my pictures: dark brown eyes, short arms, sour smile, big nose (and possibly legs for arms?). He also lacks the ability to independently hug anything. I may just do some minor surgery to correct this disability. Maybe he can learn to smile after that. Hes really still just as soft and cuddly as his brother though.  Wild Republic Hanging 3 Toed Sloth (item http://amzn.to/1P1MIdo) - Now meet Gomer. Hes as laid back and happy as a Three-Toed Sloth comes. Gomer tries to cheer his brother, Pyle, up daily by wrapping his long arms around him and holding on tight. He seemed really happy while hugging me for a quick photo. He has a smaller nose than Pyle and his eyes are lighter brown in color. For almost the same Prime price, Gomer definitely delivers more cheer.  - Side note: Neither momma or creature was impressed with the NG nonfiction book Swing, Sloth!. It was more a picture book about the rain forest with only 3 pages of sloth pictures and very little information. To NGs credit, it is labeled as a pre-reader. The cover photo and title were just misleading.
I love it, named him Kero
Cute and Quality  While somewhat small, was well stuffed and very soft.
It was a nice size & well made  This was a gift and no doubt was well received. It was a nice size & well made.
This toy and hug and talk a blue streak!  We bought it for our grandson and he loved it!  Only caution is have plenty of batteries since when the batteries get weak, does not work well.  Need to have a dedicated phillips head screwdriver available for replacing the batteries.
grandson loves it
I bought this for my bestie and she loved it. She was messaging me non-stop about how much she loved it :) and stated it was the perfect size.
Grandkids loved them!  Cute and bigger than I thought. Grandkids loved them!
I love love love this item  I love love love this item!!! Came quickly n works amazing for my 1 year old nephew!!!!! It's a must get for barny lovers!!!
Just as described & shipping was as promised when order was placed.
Way smaller than advertised.
but my daughter loved her.  A little different than the picture,  but my daughter loved her.
Love these!  I bought these for my 3 year old son for Christmas. And I myself absolutely adore them and I know my son will love them too!! He LOVES Yo Gabba Gabba, and they're just precious plush toys. they're not too big or too small, they're the perfect size for a toddler. I'm really excited to give them to him for Christmas, they're made well and super soft. Very happy with my purchase, Two thumbs up!
My Son Loves It!  My 20 month old son absolutely adores his Nonny plush. He won't got to bed without it! Definitely worth the purchase, especially since he's a big Bubble Guppies fan!
Love them. Are larger then the authentic more expensive version. They look good though and I'm very happy!
delightful  I used this as a gift and the child was delighted.... The order came very quickly.  I am very pleased.
Exceptional product  I have nothing but good things to say about this product.  I purchased it in Sept. 2001, and it appears that it will last for many years.  One review (dated 2000) mentioned that it didn't come in a box.  Mine did come in a large, flat box, and was fully assembled.  Two specific things come to mind.  1) I'm always concerned when I notice dried juice/candy/food all over the table from one of our three toddlers.  Most of the time it comes clean with a wet paper towel.  Only a couple times I've had to resort to a wash rag and Clorox kitchen spray with bleach, but it always comes clean quite easily!  2)  I've left this out on our back porch for two winters, and you would never know it.  The coating on the legs seems to do its job quite well!  ---  Bottomline... exceptional product!  My only complaint is that I didn't get one sooner.
Totally great gift
My nephew love  So cute...My nephew love it
As described. Prompt service.
Really good quality and my daughter loved it
he loves it
Loved by all babies. Boy or Girl  The little baby loved it. She found it very soothing, and easy to hug. I plan on buying every new baby one. Its the right color, and always fits. Be a long time before they grow out of them.
Great toy!  Great quality, very life like, and fun to play with!
Nice  Great plush set.. Little pricey but well worth it! Would suggest for any minecraft lover!! Great for kids or adults!
Glaceon!  I can't wait to get this lil bby in the mail.
Love,Will be buying the rest:)!  Absolutely love it! I will be buying all of them.. 1St I purchased Robbie Raccoon for my son & Penny the Pig for a friends baby girl, That one hasn't got to me yet but I love it... Yu can tell its not cheap material it feels so nice & its definitley different. Perfect size, There is a rattle in the head but like such a slight rattle & Rele my son couldn't care less about that part but its a nice little detail!
He just keeps giving!  This little guy is awesome! We use as a gift back and forth - he can be found in a lot of interesting places.
Who doesn't love Courage the (NOT) Cowardly Dog?!  My grandsons and I love Courage the Cowardly Dog, and we never miss an episode of the show. When I purchased this little guy, the larger size was no longer available so I got this one. He's so cute and looks exactly like he does on his show! I got one for my grandson and one for myself, for sentimental reasons, you understand.  ;o)
Bought for me...um...the baby  I can buy things like this, because I have a kid. I did not buy this for myself because it is cute, because I am a grownup and of course I do not purchase stuffed animals for myself.  This was of course bought for my 1 year old.  I'm just keeping it safe for him until he is older. These are simple and not too precious, and I love them.  I mean, my child loves them. Basically a stuffed fleece pillow, sturdy enough for chewing and drooling and of course the toddler-requisite "gravity experiments".  Declared "spot clean only" however they've been thrown in the was more than a few times with little issue (though, the dryer hasn't been tested). I wouldn't be ashamed to allow one to reside on my couch (poor Winnie the Pooh will be afforded no such luxury).
Unique little stuffed animal.
April the Giraffe Fever  Adorable and realistic! Very well made, fully poseable, and quality materials. Got giraffe fever while watching April the Giraffe and her live stream pregnancy and live birth. Had to have a giraffe of my own. Haha. I love this plush toy!
Great plush pillow for our couch.
great item, came just before Christmas
Baabu  art plush educational art toys, Art Plush toy line is designed to promote and encourage the discovery of art for little kids. Art plush, toys inspired by art
SUPER CUTE!  My sister got Leafeon, but Vaporeon was cuter! It had no flaws, has all the features of a real Vaporeon, and its face is actually CUTER than the picture. It's not really for cuddling, but I'm not complaining. It stands up perfectly, and has actual paws.
... a gift on her birthday - she was so happy and now it's her favorite toy  My friends dougter received this as a gift on her birthday - she was so happy and now it's her favorite toy!
review on sesame street elmo plush  The toy arrived in a timely manner and in the condition promised. When ordered we could not find an Elmo that did not have a battery pack in it's body locally and since my little boy loves Elmo it was really something that would mean a lot to him. It is just the right size for a 1 year old to carry around the house and soft enough to sleep with without worrying about him hurting his head on it.
Great little night light for in bed!  This has nice little lullaby sounds and a perfect glow for night. Both of my kids are attracted to this and enjoy playing with this little toy.
Great lasting alternative to get well bouquet!  I was so happy to have found these. I had looked every where (or so I thought!) for these flowers for my Dad. He's in a convalescent home, and these smiling faces brighten up his room.
Great quality. And it came in only 1  I luv it. Great quality. And it came in only 1 week
Miss Piggy is so adorable  It looks exactly like the picture.  Well constructed and a nice size too.  My 2 year old niece loved it.
It's the cutest thing.  Every lady in my mother's nursing home wants one.
I love the plush  Delivered very swiftly, I love the plush!
It is really soft and fun to play with. Good quality too.
My niece really loves it. So soft and plush works well. Smaller than I thought but no problem at all.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!  This was the main focus for my daughters room.  She loves this monkey and now that she is a year old she carries it everywhere.  The monkey is well made and is adorable!  Could not find in stores and was able to find here!
Adorable!
In space, no one can hear you scream.  My brother and I are diehard Alien fans.  I thought it would be hilarious to buy him this as a Christmas present.  When he unwrapped it, he had a good laugh.  We played with it for a while reenacting the scene when poor Kane has his chest burst.  My brother named it Xenny.  He hopes to use it for Halloween.  Great product if you're a fan.  I'm not being paid for this review.  If I did, I'd buy my own Xenny.
Great toy  Great toy
So far my buckle obsessed almost 2 year old loves this toy. She received it at our family Christmas party yesterday and hasn't stopped playing with it yet.
Perfect for my kid
It keeps my grand daughter entertained  My grand daughter is obsessed with buckles! I knew she would like be it.
The markings on it are beautiful! Super soft and big! My son loves it!
Perfect size. Cute
Great Birthday Gift  My grandson loved his birthday gift, he is in love with anything TMNT
Dj Lance make a great gift.  Dj Lance is very cute. The toy is well made. Look like he can go in the washing machine. My grand child loved him.
Perfect for any little pony lover.  Super soft and more adorable than the photo. My little girl.loves her new pony.
Adorable!  Received our little fox earlier then estimated and he's adorable! So soft and very cute. I was glad I read another review that said I could take the stitch out of the one ear sewed down. I especially love the stars and lines on the tail just like the one from the movie. Overall I think the toy is a fantastic likeness and can't wait to give to my little one for Christmas. May not be able to wait.
Loved it! Must buy  Order this for my three year old for Christmas and I love it! I know he will love it. It looks amazing!!
CUTE AS A BUTTON
Still haven't caught them all.  Way bigger than I expected.  Soft to the touch but pretty firm. Very well made . The cheeks are more orange than red. But still very much loved.
Great toy  My son loves this toy. He was so obsessed with buckling his car seat and booster seat while inside the house that I needed another option. It has so many buckles, and a few different types. Well made and cute as well.
Great item. My Grandson loves it.  These Yo Gabba Gabba pieces are perfect and my 18 month old Grandson loves them all. Great toys and great value.
My G-Fan's now-favorite toy  My 6-year old Godzilla fan FLIPPED OUT on Christmas Day when he saw this Godzilla. They've been inseparable ever since. I love it - I think it's great. I saw another review that said it was ugly. Well, not sure Godzilla gets so many dates as it is - I think the toy is fantastically well done - surprising detail and quality construction for a plush toy. That's probably it's only drawback; my son loves it so much it'll soon end up like the velveteen rabbit- all worn, grungy and tired out, but completely loved.  And this vendor was johnny on the spot with delivery - it arrived surprisingly fast (thank you!).  Best, Mother of G-Fan.
Simple fun  This little ball is hysterical and we have a great time playing with it, although I'm not sure if that's the toddler or the adults that are having more fun with it.
Cuddly ...
Great Gift for FUTURE Star Wars Fan!  My 30 year old son grew up playing with his Star Wars collection, so when his wife was having a baby shower, it was a perfect gift. They chose not to know what sex the baby is, so I figured this would be a good unisex gift. Needless to say, it was a big hit!
Xmas gift  It came in very good conditions, and I received it before Xmas.  It was just as I had ordered it off the web site. Likes it very much.
Thumbs up!  Super soft and cute with real sounds from the film. The Velcro, removable arm is also pretty cool.
My son loves it! We use it as his car toy. He can play with it for almost a half hour straight. He is 19 months old.
Adorable little fox!  This little fox is sooo cute!! We love her!! She was a little bit skinnier than what I expected, but am glad we purchased her!! Might buy some friend to go with her!
this plush is perfect
It's a Christmas gift  It's for my lil cousin & she loved it...
Just the right size  If this was a real creature this is about the size it would be. It looks simply beautiful. A solid product.
Super cute!
cute  this little bird is sooooo cute my niece loved it! im buying her Sofia the first stuff that she likes
Perfect size  My son loves elmo, so naturally we had to find him his own. This is the perfect size for him to cuddle and carry.
Huge hit with the grandson!
A super soft and high quality plush.  This large 21-inch Cookie Monster plush toy by Gund is very soft, and of superb quality. The fur is silky. It is very well made. The eyes are soft and squishy and not made of a hard plastic (which is great). A wonderful, cuddly toy! Highly recommended!
Very nice and soft stuffed animal
Quality is great  Great doll for a toddler. I love that they are soft and very well made.
a gift for my gf! she IS the mothra to my godzilla!!
It is perfect, My daughter had one growing up and it was tearing up so I ordered it as a replica because my daughter is now pregnant and it is perfect.  So pleased with Amazon and the Kangaroo Manufacturing Company, very high quality and am totally satisfied.
Luv it  got to love tigger, he is soooo soft!!!! just a great gift for anybody, old or young would love it.
I bought it for my daughter (by the way, she is 47) and she just loves it.  She wanted a hug pillow and loves "Frozen". I wonder if she will ever grow-up.
Great buy  We bought this for our grandson and it was worth every cent. It's so wonderful to see him trying to fasten all the buckles and clapping when he does manage to do it. He is only 22 months old but he loves to see how things work and this toy definitely helps with his motor skills.
Picture says it all!  No crumby teddy bears in this house!
Well Made  My grandchild collects the Simpson plush toys and was pleased to receive this one as a gift from Grandma. Good quality.
Snuggly Elmo  I decided on this particular Elmo because of other customer reviews, and am very happy I did. He is soft and hugable like a stuffed toy should be. He reminds me of the old rag dolls they used to make. He is also the perfect size for my 2 yr old grandson. His birthday is not until the 19th but I am positive he will love this.
great gift  Gave this to my four year old daughter for Christmas and she loved it. It is a good size and quality.
SWEEEEEEEEEEET  She is fabulous.  Well packaged.  Timely delivery. Soooo cute...Love her. So will my grandchildren....
Perfect Pikachu!  Adorable, soft, and has the perfect amount of stuffing! My son loves it!
It's perfect size and its made well  I purchased this Paw Patrol Plush as a Christmas gift for my son. It shipped quickly and arrived on time. The price was great and I ended up buying four of these, but different characters.  Upon receiving it, I noticed it was a bit on the small side which I expected based on the price and reviews. The overall design and stitching seems to be of good quality. My son really loves the Paw Patrol characters, so this was a big hit with him. He keeps it in his bed and sleeps with him every night. If you have or know a little one who loves Paw Patrol, this toy would be perfect!  I try to make my reviews engaging and useful. Please click the helpful button if you thought this review was of some help. Thanks!
I love, love  As a big fan of Naruto, I love, love, love this! Awesome little coin purse.
Great buy  Was unsure after reading reviews but the item is great and my daughter loves it , takes it everywhere with her !!
He is adorable and soft and cuddly, but he is a lot smaller than I realized.
It's Bowser jr.  This thing has survived all kinds of abuse from my children and is still going strong. Seems pretty well made.  What else are you supposed to say about a "stuffed animal"?  (:
Pooh Love  Excellent!  My son adores this plushy.  Very soft and squishy.  Perfect for hugging.
Excelent
SO CUTE  I am very please, this is a high quality toy for such a low price. I am buying the another for my friends baby.
Very well made  I purchased this trike eight years ago, it's still going strong, my third Grandson is now riding the trike.  This trike is made very sturdy
Bought this for my special needs patient and he loved it! Very cute  Bought this for my special needs patient and he loved it! Very cute. Arrived on time, and just as described.
best buy by  i sleep with jack everynight! its so soft and so cute, best buy by now
Very nice!  Very cute, great size, super soft. Made a great gift!
Very clever toy
Great plushie for the price. Vibrant colors. Packed solid, no give.
Very Satisfied  Quality made product, fun and reasonable cost!
It was a great hit none the less  This is a plush doll the picture is wrong. It doesn't have a plastic head.  It was a great hit none the less.
Great gift  Got these for my 8 year old son, HE LOVES THEM! He's crazy about Mario Bros
Just what my granddaughter wanted.
This was for my 4 yr old but I love it even more than her  This was for my 4 yr old but I love it even more than her.  It's so cute and super soft.  So sweet to cuddle.
Durable plush toy.  My son lost his first one and he loved it so much that I was on the search for another.  This was an exact item to his first and durable.  Best price found on the internet at the time too along with fast shipping.
Adorable!!!
... wedding cake topper and it could not have worked better! It was perfect size  We bought this for our wedding cake topper and it could not have worked better! It was perfect size, easy to clean off afterwards, and a great keepsake!
Cute little guy  He's a cute little Pokmon, though some of his stitching is a little bit off. I'm happy with him, he sits on my desk at work
SOO FLUFFY IM GUNNA DIE!!!!!!!  THE MOST MAGNIFICENT PLUSH UNICORN TO EVER GRACE THE WORLD!!!!!!!!! IM SO BLESSED TO HAVE EVEN CAME INTO CONTACT WITH THIS MAGICAL PLUSH BEAST!!
Great  Has held up well and been great
Amazing Mega Absol Plush!  Oh, this is so cool! I absol-lutely (heh heh) love it! The material is very nice and soft, and the details are spot-on! It's pose is very majestic looking. I gotta say, I love this Mega. In my opinion, it has one of the coolest designs! I only have one complaint. It's hair thing wasn't covering the right eye. I know that's being kinda picky, but I love the hair covering the eye. It isn't really that bad though, and I think mine was just pushed out of place or something. Overall, this plush is definitely worth the money and is great as a toy or collectible.
Mega Diancie, Princess of Diamonds! An absolute work of art -- in plushie form!  I received this gorgeous Pokemon Center Limited Edition Mega Diancie plush as a Christmas gift from my family. This Mega Diancie plushie is one of the most detailed, intricate, and beautiful Pokemon plush toys that I have ever owned. She is an absolute work of art! An exact replica of Diancie's Mega Evolution from the Pokemon games -- not one detail is missing!  This Mega Diancie plushie has a very long and very wide "crystal dress" encircling her body, flaring out from beneath her white garments. The "crystal dress" is composed of exactly 13 shiny pink stuffed crystals which are very soft and squishy and made of sleek, soft, shimmery material; the stuffed crystals at the back of her dress are tipped with flat shiny pink diamond-shaped pieces which are hard, but not pointy (made out of a very thin, bendable spongy material with a glossy coating). Due to these crystals surrounding her body, Mega Diancie can easily stand on her own, as if she is levitating. Her underside is composed of a large firmly-stuffed pink conical diamond bordered with soft spongy yellow material, and beneath her dress of crystals is a very delicate, sheer, and diaphanous whitish fabric. She has long white streamer-like ribbons, made of the same sheer, translucent white material extending from her back, also tipped with flat shining pink diamond-shaped pieces. The white ribbons are partly attached to her crystal dress by thick pink threads. She is quite gracefully rotund due to the large diamond (shape) that comprises her tummy and underside -- and her frilly pure white outer dress-like garment is made of extremely soft material. However, the chest and upper-body of the plush are very delicate and thin; she has small, thin, long grey-coloured arms and little fingerless hands. There is a spongy golden-yellow band encircling her torso, and a round pink crystal on the middle of her chest. Her grey head (not including the extravagant headdress adorning it) is rather small -- just slightly larger than the size of a golf ball -- and she has little pointy ears. Her little face is very cute: she has very large, round embroidered bright red eyes with pink pupils, and a small grin. Her headdress is composed of the same shimmery pink material, resembling diamond crystals; the diamond piece adorning her forehead is heart-shaped, and she has three crystals hanging down from her head (one behind each ear, and one behind her head).  Important note regarding the size: I was a bit surprised at the rather smallish size of this plush. I imagined her body to be a bit larger than the regular Pokemon Center Diancie, but the Mega Diancie plush is actually relatively small-scaled compared to her non-Mega Pokemon Center counterpart, despite being about the same size (see included comparison images of both plushies side by side). Her head is quite tiny, as I mentioned above; the regular Diancie plushies head is significantly larger. From the top of her headdress to the bottom of her crystal dress, the Mega Diancie plush measures approximately 15 inches due to the wideness and length of the crystal dress (12 inches tall from the front, standing up); but her chest and head measure only about 3-4 inches across. I wish she was a bit larger, but she seems to be the same size as most of the Mega Evolution plushies.  This Mega Diancie is indeed huggable and very soft, but quite delicate and extravagant, with so many pieces. This plush is so beautiful and intricate, I would recommend gentle handling, and definitely NO rough-play. Do not give this plush to very young children due to all the pieces.  This is a rare and limited Pokemon collectors item, and possibly the most complex plushie ever designed by the Pokemon Center. The high price of the plush (despite its smallness) indicates that it is definitely made of extremely high-quality material. She is incredibly well-constructed and probably more durable than she looks, but I would still strongly advise against rough handling.  Diancie is one of my most favourite, beloved Pokemon friends, and I love and appreciate this plush very much, as Mega Diancie is also currently my favourite Mega Evolution. Even though she is a bit smaller than I expected, the sheer beauty and intricate detail of this toy makes up for the size, in my opinion.  I highly recommend it to anyone who loves Diancie and Mega Evolutions. This ethereal Diamond Princess makes a very lovely gift for any responsible and true Pokemon fan.
Cute  bigger than I though! Cute monkey
I hope everything was o k , I bought it for some one out of state.
Your own personal barracuda, to go...  Why does anyone need a 17" long stuffed barracuda?  Well, because!  I have been a huge fan of fish all my life, and barracuda have always fascinated me, so when I saw this stuffed barracuda on a different web site, I started searching here to see if it existed on Amazon.  Of course it did! And it was priced lower, too. :-)  The rest was just one click away.  Of course, my husband thinks I am a bit insane, but hey, he knew that when we get married 22 years ago!  This barracuda is pretty realistic looking. It has a mouthful of felted teeth, pink gills, proper fins, the correct markings, and it is a well- fed looking beast. It's not a whole lot smaller than the first shark I caught -- in the Long Island Sound -- when I was a  5 -year-old. Anyway, it makes a great neck roll or lumbar pillow - I have used it for both - and it's just fun to look at.
Fun buy  This is a great little prop! The price was so good, I bought two with no regrets. It is functional and a great gift for a Naruto fan.
Super cute and huggable !!!  This kangaroo is CUTE! It exceeded my expectations. It is a great size and is super soft and cuddly. I'm glad we chose his one.
Gift was a hit!  This was a gift- it was large and it was loved! woot!
Great toy for early development  My baby is infatuated with this toy. He smiles and kicks when we turn it on and if we move it, he follows the face. Great toy for early development.
Great Quality Toy. Great Price. Packaged Securely. Condition Excellent. Arrived Quicker than Expected. Much Loved Yuletide Present.
its great for pokemon lovers  my son loves it! its great for pokemon lovers
My friend loves it  Very cute and my friend loves it.
Very happy!  Excellent quaility. Came on time and exactly what I expected.
Well made and the perfect size - not too big  Cute! Well made and the perfect size - not too big.  Who doesn't love Peppa and her family!
Daughter loves them.
Fantastic, Creative Easter Raffle  I was looking for a creative way to decorate our store and increase traffic.  This is working AMAZING. So far we have gotten over 150 families to sign up for the raffle and they all live in our mailing area so we can use these contacts for future marketing.  This has also made the store look festive for Easter.  great program. Quality of Bunny is very nice and the toys are high quality with a lot of them top brands that the kids recognize. Shipped quick. Definitely will buy again next year.
love  his colors are very vibrant...love him
Two cute!  Love sanrio hello kitty and friends?! then you will Love these cute TY beanies of my meldoy and Kuromi. my daughter loved them!
Reina Monster High  So adorable
I use this for a hall pass  great find....I use this for a hall pass and my students, who are high school students by the way, enjoy walking through the halls carrying this silly guy!
So cute!  This plush is wonderful!!! Great size and colors!
Super soft and cuddly.  Super plush and soft. I wasn't disappointed.
Extremely soft and cuddly hedgehog. Mixes well with other hedgehogs in the household. Though, size small is a bit of an understatement.
Perfect
Definitely a must have for your Terraria fan!  Definitely a must have for your Terraria fan! It's bigger than I expected and I'm very pleased with the construction. The hilarious game sounds are just the best!
Too cute!!!
Granddaughter loves these key chain Giant Microbes.
good super hero for a 2 year old  great toy for any Daniel Tiger fan. My Grandson is a fan
Awesome quality & great price! Perfect for HTV personalization or embroidery.
Adorable!  Anna is so cute and made very well. My 2 year old daughter just loves to snuggle with her because she is so soft and just the perfect size.
Great buy.  Grandson loves this toy.  Travels everywhere with it.  Extremely happy and highly recommend.
Cute and well made  I love this plushie, I got it for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves it too!
Perfect Elsa  I love this one so much more than a lot of stuffed dolls I have seen. She is beautiful and the little girl we got this for loved it. She sleeps with her.
Nice item that the kids enjoy  It's Pete the Cat. What's not to love? Seemingly well-made and otherwise exactly what was expected.
great  I truly like this product, only one fault i had found this product cheaper than what I paid for it. but my granson loves it.
Good quality  This product is great. It came earlier than expected ,and looks just like the image. It is in good condition and has a tag.
Great value  BEst value for a wine cart out there. Very stylish, smaller than I thought (though I should have looked more carefully at the measurement, I'd still buy it anyway). Looks nice in a corner but if you have big furniture, may look too small. Great color, great style, love it
The perfect size for my toddler. He loves it to cuddle.
Amazing!  I think this one is my favorite, her hair is really soft way softer than the other ones I've gotten, but I still love them all and the detail on her is beautiful. Everything is stitched right @0@ And just..Ahh.
love it  So cute, love the size, its a little "fury" for my baby right now but im sure as he grows he will love it
Large stuffed Pug toy  My grandson is in love with the pug breed of dog. He's unable to have one of his own. This full size & life like pug toy was next best. He loves it!
Love it!
she wants to help buckle her carseat belts and this toy was perfect timing to practice this interest  My little one is really into buckling right now.  At 19 months, she wants to help buckle her carseat belts and this toy was perfect timing to practice this interest.  It's for Easter, so she hasn't gotten to play with it yet, but I think it will be a good gift from the Easter bunny!
toys  Good
Great toy; just as expected  Great toy; just as expected.  I got it for my two year old son for this Christmas and I hope he'll love it
Really cool and fun  My girlfriend and I are big zombie fans. I bought this for her and she loves this because it is just the right amount of cute with the cool zombie theme. Good product, quality material and details are great
Great item, excellent price and super fast shipping. Thank you.
Cute, great price  was a gift for my grandson.  He loves it and the shipping was extremely fast considering it came from overseas.  Great price also.
I searched for Gato Deluxe everywhere.  I searched for Gato Deluxe everywhere, but alas I could not find him, until I thought let's try Amazon.  Of course, they had it. Thanks Amazon for stocking just about everything a person could need or want.
Perfect!  It was a hit with both of my grandson's! Came as promised and is loved in his new home.
Thank you  My son was very pleased with it
Exactly like the picture. Super soft!
100% recommend  Love it! Super well made plush doll, really soft, comes with a little suction cup if you want to hang him up.
looks like in the picture  It is soft, well build, looks like in the picture. I'm just another happy customer.
My toddler loves loves LOVES My Neighbor Totoro, especially the Cat Bus. I knew he'd get a kick out of having his own stuffed cat bus. I was pleasantly surprised how well made and soft the toy is.
Crazy Angry Birds  I purchased 2 of these for my grandsons, and they were given in their Easter Baskets. They didn't care about the candy that was in the baskets, they just carried Chewbacca around all day long.  They loved them.
High quality
Gift
great toy!!  has brought the greatest gift of all to all - laughter!!! and lots of it!! It has been a blast to play with.
My niece loves it!
Pikachu is for you!  This figurine is an excellent addition to any collection. If your child is a fan of the series, or a video game enthusiast, they'll love it. It's warm and fluffy, and will become a very welcome addition to your family of stuffed animals.
Something amazing about Tammie!  My 3 month old daughter just got this for her baptism 2 weeks ago and she hasn't put it down since. She absolutely LOVES it! This is my go to from now on!
Very Cute  Got this Mikasa doll as a gift for a friend. Very cute and seems well-made, though I haven't taken her out of her packaging. I'm sure my friend will be stoked.
Even fire breathing critters can be cuddly.  He is a sweet stuffed dragon.
great  My granddaughter loves her .  great service
ELMO'S SO SLEEPY!!!  My grandson loves his Elmo.  So glad I purchased this Elmo for him.  We keep this one in his bed because he says "Elmo's so sleepy"  then it plays a lullaby and he snores, too!!!
Really really cute!
100% Satisfied! Love this toy!!!  Great quality! Perfect busy activity for our 16 mo old girl! She absolutely looooves Bizzy (and so do we!). Hours of entertainment. We take in the car and she carries it around at home. 100% satisfied!!
Great toy  Very nice Cookie Monster toy.  Good size, made with good materials, my daughter loves it, and it was affordable at Amazon!
Very sweet doll
Great purchase and shipping experience
Perfect little pillow  Came all sealed up in perfect condition!
An old fashion Donald Duck  I wanted to get my grandson a Donald during my recent trip to Disneyland but all they had were ones with "fluffy" bottoms.  They were weird to me.  Could not find one with the smooth fabric on the tush anywhere in the park or Downtown Disney.  Ordered on line when I returned home and he is the old fashion variety.
Son loved it!!
Vibrant colors  This was purchased as a gift for my Mom who happens to LOVE dolphins.  The item arrived packed really well; it's really pretty; the colors are very vibrant.
My son loves it
Dry Bones is my favorite Mario character and I love it  Dry Bones is my favorite Mario character and I love it! Its super cute and accurate size, 6in is small, however great for desk decoration.
It was for my daughter's birthday and she loves sticks so this is perfect
AWESOME!
CUTE
NiCE!!!!!  It was about the same size as said and it was soft. Plus it was really cute and my friend loved it for her b-day present.
Good buy  I have all of the other characters (only hefalump left). This is an excellent compliment to the others. I am moving to a new house and one corner of the room will be called pooh corner with Porcupine added to the collection.
Best Stuffed Animal Ever  I am currently 21 years old. i bought this plush a few years ago. ever since then, i have slept with it every night with my arms around it. i take it with me when i spend the nights in hotels and it is hard to sleep without it. am i lame? probably, but it listens to my problems and catches my tears :)
Great product at a decent price. Slow delivery, but worth the wait.
My wife loved it!
A+
Silver hedgehog is great  My son loved everything about it, EXCEPT the red loop string on top of the head (used for hanging it up??) Easy fix- we cut it off.
Whoa!  I ordered this plush, and it's great! Here's something that surprised me: it came in a really big size! It is awesome and cute. Now, I can fend off those dang zombies! I would definitely recommend it!
HUggable for sure!  SO CUTE!  You can;t help but fall in love with this Elmo.  His songs are so sweet.  Very cleverly designed.
Satisfied  Our granddaughter sleeps with her Gizmo every night!
Perfect
Disco Zombie  My kids Love the crazy looking zombies from the plants vs zombies game. This zombie plush doll I received was great.
It's sooo cute
Awesome voice on Cookie  Our newborn loves playing with this guy. Awesome voice on Cookie!
Happy Easter!  This is precious!
My youngest fell in love as soon as she got it  Very cute little Elf. My youngest fell in love as soon as she got it.
Best all around peeler!  First discovered this peeler at a tiny boutique in Paris. The proproprietress was enthusiastic - and after our purchase so were we. Have bought this several times as gifts for friends because it is simply the best peeler for everything! As promised, it does peel soft skin fruits and veggies like tomatoes and peaches. But it peels everything. The handfeel is lovely - minimal and efficient. Buy this - be happy in your kitchen.
Good!!!!
Son loves this thing  My son ordered this (he's 10) because he wanted something to hold while he was shooting at zombies in the game. Does the trick since he also uses it to "shoot" his sister's LPS (littlest pet shop).
my sister loves this
Great representation  My son loves dog man, this doll is so cool
This is a really neat toy  My daughter loves to buckle anything and everything. I got this for her for Christmas and I thinks she's going to love it.
Piggies  Judging by the reaction of my one and a half year old granddaughter, I give it 5 stars.
Gorgeous little rabbit.  This is an awefully cute little toy. I absolutely love the Beatrix Potter Collection and this is a cute reminder of the story. It is also great for the nursery. And for children to get their first taste and inkling for the stories.
Daughter Loves It  Arrived fast and was in a little plastic bag. My daughter loved it and it was priced well. Would purchase again - well of another beanie boo.
son loves it  son loves it.. the arms don't wrap around as well as i wish but my son loves it
Winnie is a Winner!  As I have come to expect, Amazon is tops in on-time delivery. what's more my grandson is in love with his cuddley Winnie.  Sleeps with him, in fact.
As expected  It was a dinosaur. And soft. What more could you want from a stuffed animal.
Great Gift for a 1 year old  Little niece love it for Christmas. Very good gift for a 1 year old. She loves it.
Love it!
JUST ADORABLE  Little brother wanted this so I bought it for him. It came in the mail 2 weeks later and he came home from school and was so happy. It looks adorable and you can't say no to that sushi, so it's a five star  for me.
Lovable Lowly Worm!  Just like the one my son had years ago. I love Lowly Worm!  My 3year old grandson loves him too.
love him!
Whoever said you can't put lipstick on a pig is a liar.
Granddaughter loved it. (age 2 ) Older brothers did  Granddaughter loved it . (age 2 )  Older brothers did ,too!!
Blooper fun  It is soft and adorable! My son loves super mario plush. He was very satisfied with this item and has so much fun playing with it. He often hangs it from a hook in his room.
Got this for my girlfriend as she loves slimer.  He is perfect!  Only makes 2 different sounds but I didn't buy him for his noises.
good size for smaller tots  I like this fish with its different textures and it is a good size for younger babies. very pleased with my purchase
good quality.  Just as expected, good quality.
Cute!  Bought this for my nephew.  Very cute stuffed animal.  He loves it!  Very soft and cuddly.  Perfect for a child who loves cartoonish monsters, which my nephew does!
LOVE IT  Its awesome i loved it
It looks really good.
My sister in law and brother loved it!!!!!!
I'd buy two if my girls wouldn't fight who's Elsa  Amazing!! My daughter loves it and it's so much better made then the original one we bought from amazon.
love love love it!!  My one and a half year old girl loves it! She gave me a hard time to get out of high chair or anything with a buckle , she wanted to learn to buckle. So I did my research and found this toy. She loves it. She already mastered buckling all. Now we are working on unbuckling them. yay!!
Perfect Plush Doll  For every parent with children captivated by Bubble Guppies, Nonny is the perfect plush doll.  He is so lovable and adorable.  Your child will love him.
A nice "no-face".  Very nice.  Tall (see size), and soft. Welcome as a gift.
Great bedtime toy for Star Wars fans!  Durable, well made, nice material, good print, soft.  Great for Star Wars fanatic child's pretend play at bedtime.  We got the whole collection.  They are all more or less the same size...the size of a small grapefruit.  This one reminds me of a little cow.  Hehe...cute!
my girlfriend loved it  it is very cute and a perfect size. my girlfriend absolutely loved it. it was a great purchase. highly recommend for any pikachu fans.
Great present  I bought these for my niece and she loved them!  Nice quality product.
Recommend this toy  I sent this to my 15 mo old Granddaughter and according to my Daughter, both my Granddaughter and 3 1/2 yr old Grandson, love it!
a little small but liked.
Quality made  Plush feels real good it is a quality made product and looks just like the character, my daughter loves it
Just what my son wanted!!!
Klefki is one of my favorite pokemon, so finding a push was so exciting  Klefki is one of my favorite pokemon, so finding a push was so exciting.  It got even better when I saw that not only did the two come in the original japanese box, but that the Klefki is actually life sized!  Well worth the purchase!
kids love it.
My godson loved his new plushy!!!
My cat loves these  I purchased these for my cat and based on his reactions, I'm giving them 5 stars. He seems to enjoy their crunchiness and indeed considers them to be a treat. If only he could order his own. . .
My son loves it!
I WILL PURCHASE AGAIN!!!  LOVE IT, LOVED IT, LOVED IT.  My girls was given the pink hatted mouse a few years ago - I wanted a replacement for when it became to tattered for her to have.  I gave her the red hat mouse & stored the other until it is needed; she loves the red hat mouse almost, but not quite as much as her original mouse.  I hope to get one more pair to have for when the others have to be tossed.
5 stars  Cute happy Pikachu with an apple _
Very cute Elf dolls and got them on sale during Lightening Deals
Great Value for the Price  My kids fell in love with these things!
As cute as ever!  A great plushie of L that's cute and serious at the same time (just like L). It is rather small but I wouldn't let that stop you from buying it. Keep in mind that it is a small plush toy, therefore you must care for it a bit more than that of another stuffed toy. As long as it's not being thrown around wildly or chewed on by the dog, it's a great buy!  Did I mention it's cute?  SO CUTE!
Absolutely a wonderful toy.  My grandson carries it with him everywhere he goes.
yay  Niece loved them :)
Perfect for a 2 year old  This toy was a hit with my 2-year-old daughter. It encourages imaginative play and singing. I've even gotten her to eat her vegetables by pretending to feed some to Barney. It would have been nice if it was larger, but it's the perfect size for a 2-year-old to tote around (and she takes it EVERYWHERE).
Grand children loved them
My Granddaughter loved it!!!
KIDS LOVED IT.
Adorable
none  Gave it to my grandchild who collects them.  He was quite pleased
Cute Little one!!!!  product well made it, good stuff, delivery on time, original product, not fake one, my kid love it, not complain at all, i really recommend to any one :-)
Pokeman fun  Nice size and colorful. Great for Pokeman fans
great toy.  well made. great toy.
Great buy!  High quality. Very soft and cute!
Cute Vaporeon plush  Bought this as a gift for my friend and she loves it to death! The quality looked wonderful, and she says it's perfect! Though the size surprised her cause of how big it is, but still she loves it!
Smaller than the duckling.  However, excellent quality than I expected. My kids love it.
Great gift.  Thanks
adorable  shes sparkles
One of his hairs sticks up more than in the picture like a major cowlick  A very cute plushie! One of his hairs sticks up more than in the picture like a major cowlick, but it shouldn't be a problem to flatten it.
looks exactly like picture. is adorable and the perfect gift  got for my friend for xmas. looks exactly like picture. is adorable and the perfect gift :)
I'll definitely buy a back-up!  "MonkeyBelly" is my naptime and bedtime lifesaver! My 1yr old loves to press his belly and lay down next to him. This was a key piece in teaching  how to self sooth and fall asleep without rocking or bouncing. This is worth it's weight in gold!
Have used for many years and have always liked its durability and size.
Cute and soft plush animal  I Looked for a long time before finding this stuffed animal. Very soft plush, and my daughter absolutely loves it.
Miffy Bunny, get the books too  My granddaughter loves this bunny!  Well, she loves all bunnies, so that's not much of a surprise.  The large size (8.5") is just right for a 3 year old (which she is).
Amusing and adorable.
The cutest Minecraft skeleton ever! It arrived quickly and in excellent condition. My son got it for Christmas and loves it.
Never Procrastinate.  I saw this plush toy before Christmas and didn't buy it then.  So now I have had to pay a premium to add Olat to my Frozen collection.  I am otherwise very pleased with this purchase.  It arrived in excellent condition having been properly packaged.
Excellent
My granddaughter loved  Very cute . My granddaughter loved them
My son loves this toy.
Soft, cuddly and great quality, Bought this for a movie night at my daughter's school showing Finding Dory.
Love it! It will be a very special gift for a young man who is enamored with the classic movie, The Grinch Who Stole Christmas. This does not look quite as scary as the cartoon figure (with Boris Karloff's voice) which is a plus! It is "huggably" soft and cuddly. A great size to keep him company.
Love him  This guys is soooo cute!
Good Plush  Great plush in incredible condition, also very cheap and a decent size. I rate it a 11/10
fine  It's a funny toy
Quality Light  purchased for a hall way, very nice construction, a lot of wire so it would fit many heights, looks better in person than the picture,,,will fit slopped ceilings, has metal rods to hold the light steady,60 watts to 100 watts.
3 year old granddaughter loved it!
Beautiful toy...  I bought the horse for me.  I am using it for stick pony races at the Red Hat Society Convention in August in San Antonio.  I decorated the horse up and will put it on the handle for the stick pony races.  Very practical, as I don't want to carry a stick pony through the airport.  When I get home, I will take off the decorations I have on it and give it to my granddaughter.  I know she will love it.
He's a cutie  My daughter-in-law called the "Elf on a shelf" dolls that come with the books "creepy," and I agree.  This fella is just cute.
Beautiful stuffed Nemo!  My grandson absolutely loved this stuffed animal! Very good size and well made. Very awesome deal for the price I paid. I was worried it would be cheap, but its totally not. I would definitely purchase again!
he loved it!  Bought for my nephew, he loved it!
Looks great  the eyes are not like they are shown on the picture but it's just a small little defect but every thing else looks great i world recommend it to fans of the anime. It's a nice little plush to have and its at a great price to
adorable.. such a good gift  so cute.. plush.. adorable .. such a good gift
Great Christmas gift
I would love to send more as gifts  The only problem with it is its cost.  I would love to send more as gifts, but they are beyond my budget.
Great purchase & priced just right.  Delighted to find such a nice Lumpy plush toy.  And, the price was just right.  Thank you for being so honest about the condition and fair in pricing.  I will shop Amazon again.
Adorbs!  He is so so soft and plushy!! Great purchase!! He is really well made!!
Cute  Very cute.  My daughter loves it.  She is a huge Hello Kitty fan and this adds nicely to her collection
Elmo is lovely.  Hello. my great grandson Larry loved his Elmo that he got from us for Christmas. It was a pleasure just to see his eyes light up when he opened the package and he saw Elmo thank you for the fantastic deal and the super service  thanks Nancy
Adorable!
What's not to like?  Llama Llama Red Pajama books and doll are favorites around our house. The books are fun to read (even over and over and over) and the little llama doll with it's own little doll attached is a great addition to the stories.
Cute and fun to play with  My daughter loves this Shopkin! She is very snuggly and soft.
shipped timely and as advertised.  Thanks!
loved it
Perfect Yoshi Plush!  This Yoshi is adorable! We now have Yoshi, Toad, Mario, and Luigi in these plushes and they are so much fun! So colorful and soft. Great quality and the perfect size. My kids love these little guys.
Star Wars  Chewie is an awesome backpack. Its cool to show off at school, the only down part is that it doesn't have that much space like a backpack BUT your iPad, iPod and wallet and little things can fit in there quite nicely. Other than that its a great companion to show off!
The kids really loved these!  Nice toy for 3-6 year old child that loved Toy Story. They aren't too big, easy for cuddling and seem to be well made. Nice size for that age.
TED DOLL  I loved the ted doll it was just as I expected
My son LOVES it!
Quality product
Bought as a Christmas present. Very pleased
For any further clarification, please contact us
Two Year Old Loves Elmo  My granddaughter absolutely loves Sniffles Elmo. When he sneezes, she laughs hysterically. Great gift and not expensive. A definite winner!
Cute Gift  Absolutely Adorable! Purchased this as a gift for my Ghibli-loving friend's newborn, so we'll see eventually how much he likes it (his toddler sister loved it though!). Cute, small, soft, and I may just have to buy one for myself :)
Perfect little stuffed gizmo!
Sadness pillow buddy  This is a very cute pillow-like plush that I feel is sort of reminiscent of the UglyDolls. Sadness has velvety hair, a soft sweater, and a fleecy body. She's incredibly sweet and as the previous reviewer said, she looks adorable in this 2D animated style! I also like how her facial expression looks a bit more "inquisitive" than it does sad. :)
Great
great bear  Best bear by far...  We have a big bear collection for our baby boy. This one is softest & coziest by far!! He basically only plays with this one... Definitely worth its money!!
well made, great for girlfriend who loves dr who  My girlfriend loved it, very cute Also seems well made, everything I hoped for. Has held up well , what else do you want? Its a plush toy.
Looks great.  Daughter loves this.
Too much fun  My granddaughter wanted a zebra, a small one. I actually only wanted the little one but I bought both. She was smitten from the moment we opened the box. She has played and played with it.  It's squishy, soft and adorable.
Busy Grandma  Elmo is our grandson's favorite character right now.  When he opened this gift, Elmo got a huge hug and a place of importance in his crib.  Good quality as expected from Gund.
Our grand daughter loves this doll.
MY grand daughter Loves it!!!!  Wow! My grand daughter LOVES it!! She loved to buckle herself into her car seat then we saw this toy at a friends house:) I ordered one immediately! She has learned to say "BUCK le" 
She is very happy..  Ordered for a four year old who loves unicorns. She is very happy...it is bigger than she is!
cutest stuffed animal
Kids loved it
I bought this and several other Star Wars plush dolls for the obligatory Princess Leia infant photo shoot of my baby girl.  Great toy that I am sure she (and I) will spend a lot of time playing with.
Likes just like him!  Good quality and looks like Olaf.  Nephew loves it!
This is such an amazing set! My 1  This is such an amazing set! My 1.5 year old daughter loves Gabba just as her older sister did. We already had a huge Toodee which she wanted to bring everywhere, but it is bigger than her. I was looking into buying her a smaller Foofa when I stumbled across this set. What a great deal for all 3 of them! They are a pretty good size too. Much bigger than the beanie baby version. Her favorite one to bring everywhere is Muno, go figure. Haha. These are all made really well and have held up to being dragged around and washed multiple times. I am so happy I was able to get her 3 new babies instead of just one!
Very quick shipping and awesome product!
Pooh is Cool  Bought this for my ex. It was very well made and and nice. Unlike her at the end of the relationship.  You should totally buy this if you or someone else likes Pooh.
he is doing so well & Elmo is his best buddy! So happy w/ the quality and size  Purchased as a "surgery" gift for our almost 2-yr old grandson who had major surgery and is "all about Elmo"!  Surgery is now passed, he is doing so well & Elmo is his best buddy!  So happy w/ the quality and size!  This was the perfect gift!
Great Purchase!  Its wonderful. My son loves it!
Murlocs!!!!!!
Cutest Plush Doll  This was the cutest plush doll I have ever saw my grandson Crosby absolutely loved it!! He takes it to bed with him every night!!
Love it!  It was a gift and it is much loved by it's new owner!
Better Than Expected!!!  There were many reviews talking about why this was not a good product.  I bought it and took the risk.  I got it a whole month early, which was nice.  I love it and the reviews were wrong this product is amazing and charmander is adorable!  Cant wait to buy more from this seller!
Everything was great
Fuzzy and thoughtful  I got this as a gift and it is a hit!  Perfect for the uebermensch in your life (or in the case of the gift-ee, a great toy for the kids).  Unique and funny.
Just as described. My children have carried them around all week.  Just as described. My children have carried them around all week.
... items are hard plastic this Clover the bunny is nice and cuddly  Most Sofia items are hard plastic this Clover the bunny is nice and cuddly.
This is actually more solid than I was expecting - it's quite stiff foam, not very compressible - and very soft and cuddly! My beloved Pokemon enthusiast is absolutely thrilled with it.
Awesome!
Beautifullly-made Peter Rabbit doll  I purchased this together with Mrs. Rabbit for my seven-year-old daughter who loves Beatrix Potter's tales and is a great fan, as am I. This is a well-made, quality plush doll and has the most life-like curious expression on it's face, just like one would imagine a naughty little bunny to have! His blue jacket is soft to the touch and has an embossed embroidery stitched on it with a picture of Peter and the name "Peter Rabbit" on it. The carrot is stitched on to his paw and jacket, and his other paw is stitched to his face.  I don't think this is meant for rough play or as a real toy, more to touch and feel and put away in the box. It is certainly collectable, and I love all the little details right down to Peter's brown fabric boots.
PERFECT  With all the Elmo toys out there, this has to be the best one.  I bought this for my four year old, and he could not be happier with it.  The other Elmo's, the one's that dance, sing, giggle, you know the ones, provide a few minutes of play time.  They are limited in their ability to hold his attention and inspire his imagination.  This one - well - this one is his friend.  He sleeps with it, he takes it in the car, to preschool, to the store, to church, on bikes rides, it can do anything he wants it to and it not limited to the design of the button it it's hand...because it doesn't have one. Sometimes simple is best, especially when it opens the door to imaginative play!!  This is washable, durable, soft, cuddly, the perfect Elmo for his biggest fan.  Now I need to get one for my 9 month old.  Back to the basics isn't a bad thing, and letting the child decide how the toy should be played with provides the most fun.  This is a must have for any Elmo fan out there of any age!
Small enough for my grandson, a minecraft fan, to hold.  He really likes it!
Bought it for my 18 months granddaughter she love it and sleep with it
Excellent Plush Mothra!
Super awesome!  Rayquaza is amazing and he bends! I love him so much I don't want to give him to my son.
My Grandson loves this toy  My grandson begged for this toy for about a month.  Now that he has it, he takes it everywhere he goes.  It's flexible and holds it shape so he sits it on the table at restaurants and it always attracts attention and lots of comments/questions.
Winner of a plush  My son who got this for his 8th birthday absolutely loves him! He's soft, he's built well, and he's the perfect size.
very happy birthday girl  very quick shipping, very happy birthday girl.
Great doll  My great granddaughter loves this doll, she carries it all the time. It stands up to abuse, well made.
Pikachu plush  Nice plush, although not in wrapper and no tags, but looks new. My child will be happy with it at Christmas. Fast shipping.
Adorable and wonderful  Ze Super Zeros Zonk is especially fabulous, probably my favorite of all the Deglingos products I purchased for the babies and toddlers in our family this past holiday. I hope he will be available for years to come. He is so well made and adorable.
get it it a great toy for your kids
My son loves it that's all that matters. Cute and well made.
Very small but cute and made well.
Great buy. Good way to relax a child  I bought this yesterday at Target and my son seems to really enjoy it and be comforted by it. He also is 29 months (2.5yrs) and really likes it. So if you have an older child I would say that this can still be a relaxing way for them to go to sleep at night.  My son recently went from a crib to a toddler bed and has been doing so-so with going to sleep and waking up in the morning. It seems like with out his safety of the crib he has a new fear of the dark,  and a new found freedom that discourages sleep.  This seems to have helped ease that fear and helped encourage his bedtime routine so he stays in bed. It glows softly and also plays at a quiet volume. I give it to my son only at bed time and nap time as a kind of incentive to stay in bed/go to bed  as much as a comfort and soother. It's a good size for him as well. I really like this toy because my son seems to really relax from it. He went to bed last night and went down for his nap today with ease. He also hugs and cuddles it in his crib.  Good buy!!!
I love it! I use them to keep track of my work schedule in and it fits just fine in my back jeans pocket and holds up well throughout the year. I would not hesitate to order from this seller again.
Great quality. It got here way before I expected. Thank you!
adorable!!  it is exactly what we were looking for...soft, cuddly and our granddaughter loves it!  And very durable, it will last!
adorable!  Small, but when hung with others... adorable!
Product arrived on time and as advertised
Good Quality, the tail is stitched to the back about half way up.  If you have kids this will probably not last. But its ok the tail will just wag free rather than perked up.
Unique, fun gift  Very cute and unique Giant Microbes.  I bought a variety of Giant Microbes for my nieces and nephews for Christmas, and this one in particular was a hit.
great product  I love this angel I got it for a friend and she is a stitch fan its cute you will love it and so will your stitch lovers.
Go Pam! Go Pam!
These were too cute.  Yhey appeared hidden in the tree and the kids were so thrilled to have them visit.  Very well made and much more friendly looking than that creepy looking elf on a shelf.
Very soft and sweet
Great toy! Good quality and great  Great toy!  Good quality and great price
Grandson loves it
Perfect for little hands!  21 month old grandson loves these!
love it  bought this for my little girl's first birthday present since she loves disney and i also bought the other plush to complete the bunch.
it was fine and really cool it changes inside  it was  fine and really cool it changes inside out
Fun!  Fun!  Fun!  I bought this for each of my boys (Ages 11 and 13) for their Easter baskets.  The 13-year-old especially liked it.  Both boys are Monty Python fans.  This is a fun "gag" gift for a Monty Python fan.  It is also a good gift for a tween or teen boy (hard to buy for).  Recommend!
My little sweetheart - with secret super powers
Awesome!  It came smaller than I thought it would be, but it was my fault for not paying attention to the size. But still, this is very cute to look at and squeeze every now and then. One of my favorite Ugly Dolls. I also like the little snippet of info on the tag it came with.
Grandson loved it!
Son loves it!  My son loves it, it's a good quality item, and not over priced, so I am very happy :)  The open mouth looks wierd, but my 2 year old son knew immediately that it was Toothless. I'll sew the mouth closed sometime like another review suggested, but my son doesn't care.  The wire in the wings are thick gauge so it seems like it will hold up to repeated bending and not break soon. I reminded my son how Toothless sleeps with his wings like a bat around himself so my son could sleep with the toy and now he bends the wings Open, folded, and sleeping all the time with no problem.  The tail wing is intact, unlike the character in the movie, and my son pointed this out, but again my son doesn't care-he just LOVES having his own Toothless!
Bought this for my granddaughter who is not quite 2 years old. She loves it and it will keep her busy for a long time!
Even more cuter then the picture! Came even earlier then I thought and the condition was great. The sword came a little scratched but either way Kirito is great.
If you love Pumpkaboo...  I have dozens of Pokmon plushies, and this is among the best!
So cute & Fun to cuddle!  My Granddaughter loved Shopkins Jumbo Strawberry! She has a pillow bed where she watches TV and she takes it there to cuddle! It is larger than you would think so check the dimensions before purchasing! Worth the money--good value!
GREAT  GREAT THIS IS FOR MY GRAND SON FOR CHRISTMAS  THIS IS HIGH QUALITY AND ALSO FAST SHIPPING HE WILL  LOVE IT
Looks good hope my gf likes it
The Perfect Rattlesnake  Used this rattlesnake as a story prop; perfect size for kids. Not too long and quite realistic-looking. Quality is great!
great
Great
My daughter loves it!
My son loves his new minecraft pig!
TINY EWOK  The EWOK Wicket is awfully cute. It is very much like a beanie baby. The only downside to this toy is that I was unaware of how small it would be. Due to the higher price and picture, I thought the toy would be much larger. I was expecting something at least 12 inches. However, the toy is palm sized; it is only about 4 inches. For Star Wars fanatics, it is still a great gift, and my sister thought it was adorable. It is a definite collectible, but I wouldn't buy this for a younger child.
The Stingray was wonderful and so soft.
So cute!!!
Great present for friend
frozen!!!  my kids love this!
Great toy  I was really hesitant to order this after I read the reviews but I'm so glad I did. The doll is adorable and works perfectly after you turn it on at the back of the doll.  The volume is just right, not too high or low and the voice does sound remarkably like the TV show's character when speaking in English except for a few phrases. The french phrases do sound a bit different but I believe that is due to an authentic French accent in the translations.  If you have a young Caillou lover I think this doll will be a big hit.  It is so easy to operate, you can push the hands, feet or stomach and elicit a phrase.  The Caillou line is difficult to find in stores but it was super easy to order from Amazon and I received it in 4 days!  What a time saver.  Can't wait to give this to my grandson for Xmas!
Cute bunny even if you aren't into the horns, it seems  My son collects realistic looking bunnies, so this was a bit of a joke gift.  He loved the bunny (and cut the horns off).  Totally worth it for the look on his face. "Mooooom?"
adorable Lucario Plush at great price
So adorable
Ok my grandson is 6 and loves Pokmon - what more can I say.
CUTE  He looks so cute!!!
Brillant idea!  My 15 month old grandson plays with this toy a lot. It is a little challenging without being frustrating.  It is perfect toy for those "quiet play" times.
My kid loves it
The Bday Girl loved it!
And it is a good size.  My son loves these.  And it is a good size.  :-)
Love this! Good sized and the face is cute, not scary.
Got this cause my wife had her real one removed.
Love it!  My sons new best friend! Very good quality. I've had to wash him three times since he's had him in the past month. I dry him in front of the heater all night. He's holding up perfect:)
Love My Chewbackpacka!  Wore this buddy all around Walt Disney World and it was a major hit! Everybody loved it! It doesnt fit much in the main backpack pouch, but its more of a novelty item meant for carrying around smaller items. If thats all you're looking for, this backpack is a MUST GET!
So cute and perfect for my baby girl, she loves it!
Our Son Loves it! He carries it with him everywhere
Adorable.
I love this Sully! Quite jealous of my kid enjoying it. Great toy and good quality!! Very cuddly
fast shipping loved it would order again  fast shipping loved it would order again
He holds this every time he reads his Elmo  bookis.
Very soft! Very well put together.
Just as expected.
My niece loves the puppy
3 year old son loves it.  3 year old loves the grinch.
Awesome  I know that the ad lists the size of Pluto, but he was BIGGER than I was expecting. Good quality and well worth what I paid.  My niece loved it.
Perfect  This Item was perfect size a great price and the shipping was very fast. I Would definitely recommend this product.
Love it
My daughter love it. It is raelly funny  My daughter love it . It is raelly funny
ADORABLE!  I bought it for my brother and I fell in love with it, I wanted to keep it for myself. He loves it! THANK YOU!
This is adorable and my 6 yr old is in love with it. He sleeps with it every night!
Item was in perfect condition. Very happy!
Birthday Gift  Birthday gift for my granddaughter
Love the style  These toys are bigger than expected and just as cute as they look online! They are also tough, so I think they will last longer than the usual squeaky toy option. Love the style, so I bought some to have as gifts for family/friends' dogs for the holidays, as I suspect they will look great in a pet gift basket.
I love it bigger then I expected and super soft and Fluffy
Great Christmas gift  My sister loves Pusheen toys and this one is no different!
Perfect present  Perfect gift for friend who loves this character. Soft, good size and well put together.
cute as can be
ok
Love it.
Great animal and good size.  Brought this to out sloth loving family member when she was in the hospital and it lifted her spirits.
good price!  item just as shown on the picture. not a great quality but totally fair for the price! my hostkid loved it.
My Grand Niece love it!
Hey, that's pretty good!  Keeps baby occupied but just remember- every time they buckle, you unbuckle.  Cheers!
GREAT PURCHASE!  My 6 year old granddaughter LOVES the doll!!
I LOVE this lovey  I LOVE this lovey.  Love it.  My 10 month old daughter is a lover, hugger, kisser, cuddler.  She loves her stuffed animals, so I was on the hunt for one that was durable and easy for her little hands to carry around.  So far, this little sheep is everything we were hoping for!  I have yet to wash it, but it seems like it will hold up well.  I read the information thoroughly, so I'm not sure if it isn't listed or if I missed it...but there is a rattle inside, which I wasn't aware of.
Grandson loves it  Got this for our grandson for Christmas.  His brother got one for his birthday in November and jealousy ensued, along with some thievery.  So, they grandparents got to come to the rescue.  Personally, I know nothing about Perry or the TV show, and have no desire to know so don't try to enlighten me.
honestly tho.... twaimz tho
but good quality. I love it  A bit smaller than I imagined it would be, but good quality. I love it.
All kids like buckles!  My 21-month old loves this toy. I got it for him because he is constantly trying to buckle and snap things we have around, like the buckles on his brother's baby chair, the buckles on a car seat sitting on the floor, etc.  It's also a great way for them to learn and practice colors ("connect the orange with the orange buckle"). What I like about this particular Buckle Toy are the flaps that have numbers on them and lift up to reveal animals underneath, which add another type of play and learning. Good for travel and places where you have to wait around. My only regret is that I didn't think to invent something like this years ago, because I certainly could see how it is popular! :)
Nice
Love it  This is so darn cute, if you line Miss Piggy, you will love this 
not only adorable but sooo soft and great size  Sooooo worth the money...not only adorable but sooo soft and great size.
Snooki's Crocodilly  I received this item ahead of schedule. I gave this to my niece, and she is very happy with it. I am really satisfied with this purchase.
Gift
Swag  Love it! I named it Holly
... 2 and 4) are huge Pokemon fans and they love playing with this plush  My kids (ages 2 and 4) are huge Pokemon fans and they love playing with this plush. Great quality!
My son lives his fox he carries it everywhere we go he even took it to disneyland
I love it!
Perfect size. Would recommend  Boo looks cute, just as described. Perfect size. Would recommend. Arrived on time.
Grandson loved it
Size is as stated if not a bit bigger.
Sweet doll for my young niece  Way too cute!
It's awesome
Love love love. Can't wait for easter to see the reaction
hes going to love it!
she loved it
Grandson loves this.
So Cute!  So cute. The plush is the perfect size not too big not too small. Love it.
This was a super adorable Plue plush. I really like it.
Good gift.
Excelente
Simple, tough, and does what it says  We bought this to adjust our rollerskates on the fly. Heavy, durable, and highly functional. Most excellent.
good toy  This toy is small in size and it is soft.  Looks like the movie character. Fun  toy to play with.
Elmo  This was for a blind that loves Elmo. He has quite a collection. He loves to cuddle with his Elmo. Thank you.
Really cute!
Humphrey Elephant is so stinking cute!  The too youngest loved them!
Perfect bedtime companion for sleepy Rebels.  My husband purchased this for me for Christmas, and it was a big hit with everyone. My husband was absolutely giddy waiting for me to open it, and my kids loved it probably more than I did (which is a lot). It's incredibly soft, and very well made, which was to be expected. We have several Disney plushes around, and they really hold up well. An added bonus is that his teeth are felt, and stick out from his mouth a bit, so it's perfect for nibbling little fingers and bellies (his favorite - tastes just like Tauntaun), before cuddling up with a full tummy for a long night of rest. He's the perfect cuddle companion for sleepy Rebels during cold(er) Hoth nights.
cute to cuddle with  My 5-years-old niece's favourite character form the movie... Too bad it doesn't have a long tongue. Still, one more plush toy to put on her bed with dozens of others...
Great deal and the exact same product  for double the price.  Good value com paired to other retailers! My son was able to buy this and another stuffed animal for the cost of one at toys r us.
Family fun  My son loves this toy, as well as the whole family. I could not beileve how clear Elmo talks. However it does not work on Windows Vista.
Best price.  The first of many plush toys we own. Easy to care for and soft to idle with.
Mickey Help Celebrate A Birthday!  My great nephew is turning two this year and is having a Mickey Mouse Birthday Party.  In keeping with the theme, I sent him this Mickey.  It was love at first sight.  They became instant pals and he carries Mickey everywhere he goes and Mickey replaced his teddy bear as his new sleeping buddy.  Mickey is adorable, so soft and just the right size for him to carry.  Thanks!
great  love this toy. extra soft. my daughter is going to love this!
Sweet ~ & ~ Irresistible.  Her entire body is squeezablely soft, her head is very flexible soft vinyl, and her pink cloths are nice velour material. Her hat / hoodie  pulls off her head, but stays attached which makes a cute over the shoulder collar, She's machine washable, and she should nicely hold up because her stitching is flawless.  She'll sit up, but one may need to position her legs a little to do so. The hoodie pulled back helps balance her also, sitting , she's 13" tall. She's a basic and well made doll, very soft and adorable.  Meant for companionship, there's not a lot of educational value, but this delightful and durable doll will compliment any young child's collection of cuddly toys.  WASHING INSTRUCTIONS ~ Place in a pillow case, wash in cool water, gentle cycle, air dry (only).  Suggested for new born, plus years. Hand made in China.
cute
Cute as the picture!  I ordered this for our 28 year old daughter's birthday because she loves bats and she thought it to be adorable.  Well made little bat, soft and seems to be great for kids to hug on to.
Love Elmo!  It is cute.  I believe my grandson will adore it!  It is smaller and seems to be very well made.  My grandson will be 5 mos at Christmas so the smaller size is ideal.
My most favorite Alora blend (wish they would offer this in 16 oz).  Cinnamon and orange.  Everyone always remarks on it. Lots of these stick diffusers out there but Alora has incredible blends and their oils last so much longer than others I have tried.  Pricey, but worth it.
Toad is the greatest fictional character in the universe  I'll get this out right up front: Toad is the greatest fictional character in the universe. I have an unrelented need for all things Toad. So when I found this, I had to have it. When I received it, I was even more ecstatic. This thing is yuge! It has a couple inches on all the other standard Toad plushies. And like all the others, it is soft with nicely embroidered details. Probably the only potential issue would be with the mustache, but as long as you keep it trimmed and neat, it looks dapper. (Note: mustache does not grow)
And my daughter loved it!  Very Timely! And my daughter loved it!
Want the other ones now!  This is one my baby's favorite toys. Very cute and well made. Colors are soft. Love that it's certified organic.
My kids loved them!  Recommended to all Totoro-fans. I love that the Totoro can actually ride inside the cat bus, and that is also the reason I chose this partcular item.
Great!  Came earlier than expected! My son was happy!
Elmo  My god baby loves Elmo !! She went ballistic with this one !! She's 1 years old and won't put Elmo down
Cute
Everyone Loves Tweety Bird!  My grandson Loved it!
Girlfriend loves it and cuddles with him every night.
My son loves it and carries him everywhere. We
Awesome  My little ones loves it! lo
Great product. Great Price. Would Buy Again. Worth the wait.
My granddaughter was delighted.
Great!!  Great toy my girls love it!!!
My daughter loves it.  Thank you!
Is exactly what I wanted and received it faster then expected.
Great doll for a little boy.  Great doll for a little boy!
Perfect Plushie for kids!  My son is a huge Mario fan!  He owns every game and had ask for this for Christmas.  It came very quickly and was exactly as described.
Great!!!!  I bought it as a christmas present for someone special and they absolutely loved it.  The design and construction of it is great. I would definitely buy another.
Delivered very quickly, product is exactly as promised  My son was so surprised when I handed him this super soft, adorable little Raichu.  He added it to his collection of Pokemon plushes, and he's very happy.  So am I!
kid approved!  high quality, my niece loves it.
... as any three year old has the capacity to like a toy  Elmo is just as advertised and my little granddaughter likes it as well as any three year old has the capacity to like a toy.
Very nice plush. It seems well made  Very nice plush.  It seems well made.  The legs are bendable so you can adjust them.  My 6 year old daughter wanted a zebra stuffed animal that would stand on it's own.  This is it!  She loves it.
Great to use on a plane  I bought this for my 17 month old to play with on the plane. He loved it! He played with this more than any of the games or shows that I had downloaded on my tablet for him. He was a super traveler and this buckle toy helped a lot!
Perfect  Purchased for our two toy poodles crate, perfect size and nice thickness.  Washed once, washed well holding it's shape and did well in the dryer.
Great price kids loved it!
Good Product for my niece.
Love This Piggy Cow  I bought this plush for my girlfriend after we saw one in a crane game. We tried to win it, but... it was a crane game. So we didn't.  I waited until Christmas and bought this piggy cow on Amazon; she was thrilled!  Pros: - Amazingly soft. This is the softest plush she has, no lie. We've won stuffed animals at carnivals, bought some in gift shops, etc. I couldn't believe how soft this is. - Perfect size. This is the perfect size for them to cuddle with. It's not too small so as to get lost in the sheets, but not too big to get in the way.  Cons: - None. It's adorable!  Overall: I'm VERY happy with this purchase, and it's one of the best $16 I've spent in my life. This has risen to be her second favorite stuffed animal! Don't hesitate!
... up decoration for outside but my daughter fell in love with it when she saw it  Accidently bought thinking it was a blow up decoration for outside but my daughter fell in love with it when she saw it.
Arrived fast, my son loves his toy!
Have a cow :)  This thing is Hysterical!! Love it. I have it in my office at work, so when I need a laugh, a cow goes flying!!
Adorable!  Stitch is ADORABLE! He is very soft and plush. He is also larger than I expected. I purchased him for my son. Stitch will be part of a Hawaii reveal box to let him know about an upcoming trip next year. I can't wait to see his face when he opens it. I know he's going to love Stitch.
Daughter loves her triceratops!  Our 3 year old daughter loves her triceratops! It's the perfect size for her, and very soft. Cute design.
great price and quality  My daughter got this at eight months and still totes or everywhere at 18 months. I love that it has a setting to play longer at bedtime. I also love that you can personalize it.
You want your toddler to make a new friend, and find someone he/she can have dinner with every night?  Well, then this Elmo is your guy.  I think there's an interesting and relaxing connection when my little guy sees Elmo on Sesame Street, then Elmo is waiting in bed a few hours later.
great  perfect size for bed, totally safe for under 3. easy to carry around.
Awesome my son loves it
Made a little girl very happy.
My daughter loved it! Beautiful!
Wonderful product
but fantastic. It is a bit over-stuffed though  The realistic design is creepy, but fantastic. It is a bit over-stuffed though.
toddler loves it!  using this to try and help my toddler use the potty. he loves elmo and now loves that elmo has a potty seat too!
Excelent!
Great for Elmo fans!  This is a really cute toy for toddlers that love Elmo.  He is a good size for them to carry around and his body is soft.  My son loves when he sings the ABCs and definitely encourages him to try to sing along.  No complaints and would purchase again.
my kid loved it and it arrived on time!
My son Loves it
xmas  saving for xmas  good price
LOVE this product  Ordered two actually. Shipping literally took FOREVER but well worth the wait. My nephew is obsessed and he only just turned one! LOVE this product. Will deff be ordering the other two!
a good boy, wonderful and true
Oh yeah  These are quality slippers that look great.  They are comfortable and warm.  They are funny to look at and functional.
great product!  GREAT plush toy!
Perfect, love it :)
Wonderful size and quality  Exactly as expected. Quick delivery. Wonderful size and quality. Highly recommend
she loved it.  Gave as a gift...she loved it.
great toy
Great for winning brownie points  Girlfriend loves goats and loves this little guy.
This toy gets better and better  This toy gets better and better. It was bought when my daughter was 18 months. She liked to try to use the buckles. Then after a bit she mastered the buckles and can tell the difference between all the different buckle options. Now at 2 years old she still likes it and likes to practice the color matching as well. It has kept her interest for 6+ months which is more then I can ask for at her age group.
Out of this world  Super cute! Exactly what I wanted. I highly recommend this adorable stuffed doll.
Unique!  Almost bought the one from Walmart but saw this one was winking so went with this one.
Excellent condition
Love this bunny!!  I love Bunnies by the Bay stuffed toys!!  This little bunny did not disappoint. She's super soft and sweet. A little smaller than the previous bunnies I've purchased, which makes it perfect for little hands.
Christmas present for my sister.  Charmander is my sisters favorite Pokemon, so I got this for christmas. She loves it! It's very soft and well made. If you don't mind the small cute size I'd recommend it.
cute doll, it stands beside my laptop  I like it, it stares like it was alive..  the only thing i don't like it is the way it cant stand by itself, except if i "reform" the bottom..
Good quality, super cute  I mean...it's Elmo.  Good quality, super cute.  My 1 year old likes to hug him and giggle.
Always a hit! My daughter grew up with Winnie the Pooh and is thrilled to have this for her baby.
He loved it!  This was a Christmas prsent for my son. He loved it!
Shiny Mega Gardevoir plush is perfect!  As a huge fan of Pokmon, I was thrilled that a Mega Shiny Gardevoir plush was released! If you have the Pokmon Center Original Mega Gardevoir (non shiny), then you'll find that this one is practically identical in size and texture. Except for the colors, of course! It's so cute and very soft! I love it!
It is the most perfect gift for anyone that ever wished they could have their very own Chewbacca
my niece loved it!  Just as advertised...my niece loved it!
It is a cute plush.
Nice DeaL
great  Huge!!! It's been is moveable, bought this for my nieces birthday, and she loves it.
The toy was made well and my granddaughter loved it!
CUTE & COZY  My daughter recently became a Pokemon crazed fan.  She ordered this and loves it.  My thoughts are that it is soft and cozy.  No complaints here on either end, hers or mine.
Made her day.  Granddaughter received it today and she loved it. Will definitely purchase from you again.
Oscar always a hit.  My great niece liked this a lot. He's about the only Muppet she doesn't have.
Grear  Son loves it, no complaints
Adorable, avoid any pokemon toys not from pokemon center.  This toy is really well made, very durable and the fact that it is overpriced teaches children and there parents the evils of consumerism. That being said, as overpriced as it may seem, it really is a steal on this site. If you check ebay you will see that 20 dollars is  a lot better then the 40 dollars most people are asking for it.
Cute  My daughter was very happy to see that she had received this one for xmas. She did not think she would be able to get this one since we never saw it in the stores. This is definitely one of her ultimate favorite gifts she had for xmas.
Will make a perfect gift for my daughter  Very high quality product, and soft.  Will make a perfect gift for my daughter.  Very pleased with this purchase.
Large Jellyfish, definitely worth it  LOVE LOVE LOVE this Jellyfish.  I wish he came with a volume adjuster, but he is otherwise perfect.  I found a less expensive one that is exactly the same on collections etc.com... and got a couple more to turn my son's room into a true underwater experience and the sounds this little guy makes are perfect!!!!
Good.  I like it but I still don't have it.
Great product. I had to order a second one because my twins kept fighting over it! It's a lifesaver when traveling with a toddler.
Its small but cute good for a 1 year old. My baby loves it
Fantasric Doctor Whooves plush! There aren't any others of this quality.
He's so soft I love him!!!
Love this toy!!  We have 3 of them since they are my LO's favorite.
So cute and so soft!  I used this adorable rabbit as a Halloween prop, so unfortunately, I had to bloody him up and rip him apart. However, he was so cute, soft, and cuddly when I got him that it was really hard to distress him. I am even considering buying another one that I don't have to ruin because he is so cute and soft. And since I did have to distress him, I can tell you that some high quality stitching and material went into making him!
Everyone loved them.  We went to a Dr. Seuss party and these were my mascots! Everyone loved them.
Cute, Soft, Looks Durable  My mom got this plush on Amazon for me as a gift; it just came in today and I'm really happy with it. The plush looks like it does in the product image, and came with a tag. The fabric is soft and the stitching seems solid. It's super cute and I definitely think it's worth buying. I posted pictures of the plush and the tag on my tumblr here: spacedragons.tumblr.com/post/79290359337/ (The pictures are a little blurry; sorry about that.)
got this for my 6 year old for Christmas and she is going to love it. Great that it will interact with her app on her ipod. These are a  little pricey.
Soo cute!  I actually prefer this Olaf by Just Play over the one sold at the Disneystore. The kids broke out in belly laughs when they heard Olaf talk. That only lasted a few minutes and then they turned him off, so we're thankful for the on/off switch. They haven't stopped playing with Olaf. They absolutely love this toy and it has become their new favorite toy.  I am thankful to this vendor for making this toy available and shipping it in a timely manner. The price here is almost twice the price as what ToysRUs charges. So, if you don't want to pay this price, keep checking the ToysRUs stores.
Portagas D. Ace  Ace is awesome! The plush came right on time and he is adorable. About the same size as most anime plushies, would recommend. His accessories are all sewed on, hat as well, all made of felt.
very good
best halloween basket ever  Best. Halloween. Basket. Ever! My son was Yoda, and I got him this to go with the look. He LOVED it, and so did his fanboy father. This basket is so soft and looks so good. Great buy, I hope he goes as some star wars character every year so we can use it every year.
Adorable  animation!  An adorable little friend to help a sick child recover from a cold or flu...my granddaughter, age 2, loves hers..
Door Hanging Guardian Sailor Moon!  My daughters little door guardian Sailor Moon! Came in good condition and hangs should you choose to hang it. Can also cuddle and play with your favorite super hero. :)
The Blu Whale buckle toy is a well loved addition to my grandson's toy chest  The Blu Whale buckle toy is a well loved addition to my grandson's toy chest.  Nearly two years old, he prefers the buckles and zipper on the whale to other formats (puzzles etc). His dexterity and fine motor skills have greatly improved in whale's company.  (He cannot as yet unbuckle the three pinch buckles, but is able to insert the prongs to close them.) He correctly identifies colors and is working on the numbers. This is absolutely one of his favorite toys!  Thank you for creating such an adorable and well conceived plush toy.
Sheriff  Woody  This toy was exactly what I wanted for my 2 yo grandson! Everything is sewn in place and Woody looks just like he does in the movies. Couldn't be happier.
and its pretty impossible to find Zelda items for kids her age  My 4 year old niece had a Legend of Zelda birthday party this year, and its pretty impossible to find Zelda items for kids her age.  I found this on Amazon and when she opened it at her birthday she screamed and showed everyone.  It was a hit!
EASY 5 STARS  LOVE THIS!!  ACCURACY This was exactly as I expected and accurately advertised.  SIZE YES, it's really as big as it says it is.  AUTHENTIC I've gotten really good at weeding out the fakes from the real ones. This one seems reals on all fronts.  PRICE Much much cheaper than buying it elsewhere.  OVERALL Easy and perfect purchase and I'm glad I bought this whenever I hug my Rilakkuma!
daughter in law loved it
My nephew loved it!  Great ! Soft and cuddly.  My nephew loved it!
Sweet and Cute  I had seen this in Walmart where I bought the Rudolph but didn`t get Clarice ( I knew I would be sorry). When I went back they were gone so I searched Amazon and as usual they have just about everything. My granddaughter loves her and now her and Rudolph are together again.
Was packed wonderfully, and the little girl loved it  Exceeds expectation as far as description. Was packed wonderfully, and the little girl loved it!
Pokemon plush  Thanks for the item really like it
HEEEEEEEE~~~!!!  MY CHILDHOOD! I lost mine when I went to FL. This is my favorite because it evolved to Dragonair and it was so pretty. v//u//v Not much you can review about a plush, but it came within the bag and the tag so i know it was fresh. <3
Grandchild child loved it.
I love it it is cute and look like the picture
Love them!  I absolutely adore the Tsum Tsum character plushes Disney has set out! I got these for a friend and she loves them! They're roughly around 3 inches each, which fits just slightly past the size of my palm and are really light to hold The fabric used is really soft like most children's toys and the underbelly is plain and flat to have them stack on top of each other easily. There isn't much fine detail but they're so cute nonetheless and it's enough to distinguish between characters. Yes, the price seems a bit expensive, but in my opinion, getting the whole set was a pretty good deal. The delivery came exactly as it promised, which took like a week to arrive, and came in good condition. Overall, this was a great purchase.
2year old loved it!
Pokey Plush  This plush is part of San-ei's newest set, which came out in December 2013. San-ei always releases the highest quality plushes, so this is no surprise. Pokey is extremely accurate, and appears to be very sturdy. The bottom is filled with "beans" so that it can balance. It works very well. Although this plush is mostly amazing, I have one minor complaint. The spikes are only made of triangular sheets of felt, which could rip off somewhat easily. But, it's still a great plush. As for the price, on Amazon, the item is completely overpriced. I bought it off of eBay for $14, and I think it would be best to order it from a different website until the price lowers.
Awesome!  Loved it! Came exactly as it was described. The plush has a small string loop so you can hang or attach it to another item.
Mr. George!  This is my nineteen month old son's favorite stuffed animal; his comfort thing that he sleeps with every night. Perfect for carrying on every adventure.
Cute but very small for the price, the ears are includedin the total height :(
Super cute  Very cute for my 4 year old daughter. She loves the little dance he does.
... sort of a Geek and thought it would be fun for our blood drives  I am sort of a Geek and thought it would be fun for our blood drives.
My little boy loves Charmander!!!
5 Thumbs up :)  I loved the Sesame Street Let's Imagine Elmo. The product was a promotion by the brand Playskool but my opinion is the truth. I liked how it was different from any other toy since it had a hard stomach. My toddler loved how the mouth moved and focused on there. We played for hours with it. He started screaming with joy when he saw the toy. Guests came over yesterday and I handed out coupons since there children loved playing with the Elmo too. The children were all playing along and smiling.
Arrived today August 13th wasn't suppose to be here till the 25. Shipping was incredibly fast! My daughter loves it! Its exactly as shown in the picture. Its extremely soft, it can stand on its own and all in all very haply with this, thank you.
it is cute
Great Quality Plush!  This is adorable, and great quality for the price! There is a nice sturdy tab on the back to hang it on the wall.
I bought these for my grandchildren and they loved them!
Elmo rocks Joshuahs world  Cute and affordable little buddy for my adorable son Joshuah. We watch PBS Kids every morning and he and I make Elmo dance to the Elmo tunes. That is the words on the Street you may hear from Sesame Street near Mason ally, hehe.
Looks nice in person.  Looks like good quality. Bought it as a gift for my son and haven't given it to him yet, so I can't attest to how it will do after being played with.
Good quality. Larger than the other one he has which is great.
Excellent Purc hase! Looks just like Olaf in the movie" Frozen!".  This is a very nice stuffed animal and seems to be of high quality. My granddaughter loves it also because the item looks just liked the character in the movie.
soul evans  its a lot bigger than I excepted it to be and its really cool!! I love how detailed it is too!! I recommend this to anyone who loves soul eater
she loves it too
So soft and cuddly!  Granddaughter takes it to bed with her!
Love this little kodama  Love this little kodama!!! I was super excited when I ordered him and he was just what I was expecting. Will be ordering more to have a collection of them.
Cute and cool!  Very cute, educational toy. I got this for a friend who is a nurse and happens to have been diagnosed with Lyme disease recently. She loved it!
My daughter loves it!
She Loved It.  My 3yr old Grand daughter absolutely loved this, even though it doesn't talk or move or ? She really really thought this was a great thing and at nearly 24" tall was nearly as tall as her. Slurp Pompa Ariel licked you. I love that little girl.
Great.  Bday gifts. Great.
My daughter loves this toy
It is as advertised.
Smaller than expected, but she is cute. Welcome addition for my Dr Seuss themed playroom for my grandchildren.
So adorable!  First off, I love Boo. He really is the cutest dog in the world! And this stuffed animal does him justice. It's super soft, not too small, sturdy, and stands up a-ok. He reminds me of this polar bear I had as a kid (which was also by Gund, and is still looking very good after 20 yrs). The price is wonderful too - I got it from Amazon for $11 down from $19ish. Anyway, Gund makes a great product and Boo is just a great dog; this combo works so well!
Better than expected  We got this for our daughter for her birthday. She already had sparky and had been asking for Victor,Elsa and Persephone. I was afraid we would not be able to find them and was very pleased that we did. Victor is a good quality has pose able legs and arms. very soft and hug able. He is bigger than i expected. This is just a great product and i would recommend it if you love the movie
Got it for my baby boy he's happy so am i
All ok  Peter rabbit arrived in a elegant box and in well conditions.
I love Baby Aspen baby gifts  I love Baby Aspen baby gifts.  They are so adorable!  They make wonderful gifts for baby showers.  Lots of Ooos and awes!
Love the Chief!  Surprised by how large this plush was. Not a super soft plushie, more like a carnival toy, but it seems well made. Son loves. it.
awsome LEMMY!  my son loves the koopalings he said to his secend dad can i get lemmy whith  my monny so he said yes
Like  Buena la compra de dora la exploradora de peluche buena calidad el producto recomiendo comprarla aqui es muy buena compra
Cute puppy!  Cute! Just as described. Son loved him!
My German shepherd's favorite toy....
TOYS, STUFFED TOYS  What an adorable toy!!  My granddaughter is going to love this!!  Thank you!!
Good quality, it is a firmly stuffed item so keep that in mind if buying for a little one as a sleep pal
Perfect Toy for a 21 Month Old!  Cody the Smart Cub is a great toy for the value. My 21 month old absolutely adores his! He loves music so the fact that I can set the toy to play music for minutes at a time is a huge plus! I would highly recommend this toy!
Cute tiny giraffe!  This a sweet little stuffed toy.  Our school requires a small stuffed animal for an emergency kit, and this fit the bill perfectly.
Makes a great gift. Hope to find more like him  My son loves Boo, he is the softest dog in the world. Makes a great gift. Hope to find more like him.
12 month old LOVES it!  Perfect size for the hands of a 12 month old. The size and weight makes it very easy to handle. She loves the colors and the different buckles.
Wonderful toy!  I was pleased as Punch when this little doll came in the mail! It's much bigger than I thought, and the craftsmanship is awesome. Lots of detail, and it's well built. Good stitching, etc. This little guy will be around a long while, so long as he doesn't take a trip to South America.
perfect  hard to find. perfect.
Furby Boom  I bought this for my grand daughter's birthday and she loves it. Of course it was the one she wanted and the price was great!!
Perfect gift!  I bought this as part of a gift to a good friend of mine and she loves it! The fox design is adorable, silver finish is well done, and there are many places to put a ring (hanging off the ear, nose, or tail). She puts her engagement ring on it when washing her hands or doing dishes and it catches my eye every time. I want one eventually =)
Cute Doll  This is a cute doll. It is large and great for my toddler to hug and carry around. Wings are a bit floppy but that makes it ok for hugging.
i picked this up for my toddler when i was pregnant with my second child and it really helped him get excited to having a little sister
World's Cutest Plush!  Every little girl needs this dog!  This is the cutest plush dog, super soft and just makes you smile when you look at it.  I would recommend this little guy to everyone.
Godzilla fans  My son loves everything Godzilla he sleeps with the plush everynight
Cute, well made stuffed animal  My son is in a narwhal phase and he absolutely loves this little guy!
Bought this for my 1 year old nephew who is obsessed with the Chu books. He loved it! Safe for him to have in his crib at night as well as chew on when he feels like it.
Duuuuck  Very cute looks exactly like the picture. It is soft and cuddly but kind of small.
Adorable toy. A little smaller than I expected  Adorable toy.  A little smaller than I expected, but I am sure my grand daughter will enjoy it.
Adorable  Really cute and soft. They were a hit!
Very cute
Good quality stitching
Pick your own disease  I got each family member a microbe for their own most-memorable ailment.  For me, lyme disease, since I had it twice.  It's a fun way to mock that which only makes us stronger!
Perfect!!
Super cute
Good Deal!  Very cute little Luna plush for all Sailor Moon fans! They actually sell this at Barnes and Noble,but I hesitated to buy it there due to it's high price. This is the exact same plush for 6 bucks cheaper. Some reviewers said their toy came in a shade more purple or lighter than described/expected but this was not the case for me- mine looks as shown. Great collectible gift idea.
Great learning toy!  Our Great Grand Daughter loves it and so do we!  It is Great for Education and Entertaining!  We are glad we found it.
Adorable, sturdy. Great for catching frogs!
Paired with the beautiful picture book "Loon" the realistic call of this plush bird was a big hit.
I love her.
My son is now 5 months and has loved this one since he started to show interest in any toy. It's perfectly sized for his little hands. I am also going to buy this as a gift for another baby. Love love love ...
My Granddaughter will love it Christmas Morning.
big hit  grand daughter loves it
Blue  My 2 year old grandson loves Blues Clues and got Blue for his birthday.  He has to have it with him everywhere he goes.
Perfect
Spawn #2's New Lovey  Ah Charley, The biggest thing to hit our house since moon dough! I couldn't even get pictures before they had this guy out and were off with him! and he is soooo cute!!! his tail is coil wrapped and lit all the way through and he just loves to hang from the top of the bunk bed. The first night that Charley came to live with us spawn #2 wrapped his body around Charley and fell asleep. He stayed wrapped around him till the next morning. This has become a nightly occurrence. I am not complaining!!! Charley puts out an amazing quality of light and a very clear sound. His left paw turns on light & rain forest sounds with the first push, Light & music with the second push, and just lights for the third push. His right paw controls the volume. The only thing that I wish (desperately) is that there was more than one song programmed in. After 2 straight hours of listening to the same song...... yeahhhh. But my boys LOVE HIM! (and the song).  *I received this product discounted in exchange for an honest unbiased review*
love it  bought for our niece for  her birthday and she loved it....so did many of the other kids at her party.
Great product  It was great fast shipping and worth the money
Perfect for a p vs z fan  Perfect for a p vs z fan
Two bulbs; lovely glass shade; perfect next to a desk  I have recently purchased a number of floor lamps for my office.  These were more convenient and ended up taking up less work space than table lamps.  Four of the five lamps were torchiere style, with the light directed upward toward the ceiling to give gentle and diffuse reflected light.  I have one in each corner of the room.  This one was positioned next to my desk for more direct lighting on the desk surface.  I needed direct light but have a small desk, so a table lamp was not an efficient way to go.  The other lamps I got were tiffany style so I wanted one with a multi-colored glass shade to match the concept.  This one has two bulbs on pull-chains.  I installed one regular 60 watt incandescent bulb (get them while you can) and one long lasting curly bulb (I really hate it but see later comments).  I leave the curly one on all the time, since it supposedly has a 20,000 hour life-span and thus my office is never completely dark.  The combination of the two produces a tolerable color.  When the curly one burns out I will get an LED bulb -- they are expensive but they give off a better light with a better color temperature.  In any case, this is a lovely floor lamp and I highly recommend it to anyone who needs the desk space and doesn't want to crowd the desk with a table lamp.
My 4 year old loved it and it helped us to potty train.
COOL!  I have number one of sixteen. Do you have all of them? The one I got was my favourite.
Great!
Came as described
My baby's FAVORITE toy...  I received Itty Bit as a present before my baby was born.  I figured it would just sit on the shelf as a decoration since none of my other children played with stuffed animals when they were babies.  I was wrong!  As soon as my baby was old enough to sit up and hold onto something, it became his favorite.  Whenever he sees it his eyes light up and he smiles the biggest smile.  Itty Bit is small -- just the right size for baby to snuggle.  It is also very soft with nothing dangerous for baby to chew off.  The small size also makes it a great "security" item since it tucks nicely into the diaper bag.  The only con is that if your baby loves it as much as mine, you will need to buy more than one while the other is washing or in case you loose it.
My granddaughter was very happy with it.
10/10 would buy again  I absolutely love! It's supper soft and adorable (laying on it as we speak) it came in extremely quick!
2 year old loves it!  My daughter takes him everywhere !
SUPER KAWAII! Such high quality as well, I'm very satisfied :3
Bought for a trip  I bought this for our last plane trip we took with our son, who was 18 months at the time. He really liked the buckles, but couldn't get them done by himself. They just barely buckle together with the amount of strap, so you have to be holding them just right to get them to go, and he would get frustrated pretty easily by it. He does love the flaps with the animals on the back side. He's gotten a little better at doing some of the buckles since then, but we keep this toy in the car and he doesn't play with it very much. We will keep it around and keep introducing it to him; I'm sure at some point he will figure it out and love it!
Cute but small  Very small but cute. Came on a chain which I did not expect but I have this little guy hanging from my closet now.
Very cute!  My kids are so excited about Angry Birds Star Wars.  They are huge fans of both, so it's awesome that they brought them together.  My son especially loves this Luke bird because he has the lightsaber on his side.  The plush toy seems durable and my son loves it.
Too cute!  Birthday present for my girlfriend ;) She loved it
Adorable, perfect size, and a good replica!
Perfect gift  My 3 year old sleeps with this at night and has learned the phrases. Joy matches her personality and disgust matches older daughter so we had them open these at the same time. They love them. If you're looking for a bigger stuffed toy, this is a smaller size but it's perfect for travel.
Robo Rat  I have had a lot of fun with this product.
Great toy for the price you can't beat it.
i love it! it is very soft and my son loves it so much!
Kid loves Pok&eacute;mon!!!!
the children love this
Amazing quality, my sister loves it!
MY GRANDDAUGHTERS WILL LOVE MISS PIGGY.
Your next best friend...  In two words...soft and adorable!
My Rottweiler loves his new UglyDoll.
Good quality!  Very soft, good quality, and perfect size. My little cousin loves it!
This lil baby is adorable. I am giving it to my niece for her birthday. If I don't keep it:-) looks just like the picture and is soft as can be
So Huggable  The product was excellent. Will be giving as a Christmas present to my granddaughter who will love it! It is so adoarable and loveable.
Looks pretty close to realistic  Looks pretty close to realistic. it's soft too. I would say my kid really enjoyed this as she has grown tired of common stuffed animals
Who doesn't love Barney  My 2 yr old nephew got a lot of enjoyment out of Barney. Wasn't too big, but for a 2 yr old it was perfect.
Looks just like the pic to  My sister loves it, shes 15 and has a smaller head than mine so it actually fir her. Looks just like the pic to.
Zero plush  Zero is so cute! I got him as a gift from my boyfriend. Zero comes in a plastic jack-o-lantern that you can display, or just take him out to play with. I am keeping Zero in the package and hanging him up in my room. Very, very cute! I'd recommend him to any fan of the movie.
Cute and of nice quality.  I'm giving a 5-star because it really is a cute doll and the quality is great.  I like the hook that comes with the doll as it make it easy to attach to stroller and not lose the doll.  All of the items work really well on the doll.  I love the fact that the clothing is attached and nothing comes and ends up lost.  The button is hard for a 24 month older to do, but my 4-year old grand daughter likes the doll and loves to play with her too.  The doll really has traveled well, and I mean traveled.
The best Garfield ever-soft and plush and oh, so cuddly!  This is the best Garfield ever-soft and plush! I had so much trouble finding a perfect Gar for my grandson until I could this toy.  Perfect!!!
Small but super cute!!  Super cute! Very tiny but was great for an addition on the outside of a wrapped gift.
great purchased!  I really liked this stuff for my car. I am planning to order more of this item. This is such a great purchased!
I had a hard time parting with it!  A very cute item with the quality of a GUND product!  I bought it for a child's gift, but I had a hard time parting with it!
guy diamond  my daughter loves trolls and this guy sure is cute
Great Toy for Son  My son loves this.  Just what the doctor ordered.
Twin nursery decor  Love it! Looks great in my twins nursery!!
Definitely a keeper  An amazing additional my Mario plush collection
Good product. Fun & cool.
My nephew will love this for christmas
Great Stuffed Animal  My Grandchildren loved this stuffed animal!
Cute and just what I needed!
Adorable  My granddaughter loves both Elsa and Anna
My girlfriend loves Animal and loves this toy
recieved well before the expected date! product is as described
Shopkins D'Lish  Granddaughter loved it!  It does not come with any loop for hanging on a backpack but I put one on myself and it was very easy.  It's a larger size Shopkins plush but very cute!!
Just perfect!
It was a good present.
Great Plush  This is a great plush. Arrived quickly. Exactly what you would expect.
My son loved it!
My son loves this.  He dressed up like Crocket from Miami Vice for the 80's Spring Concert and "Elvis" was a hit with everyone!
So cute!  This was a Christmas gift for my four year old granddaughter.  She loves the Llama Llama books and she loved the doll too.  It was a great hit!
My kids LOVED these. Just perfect & good quality.
My daughter loved it!
I even had to wash and dry it (tied up in a pillowcase) because it got some pee on it from a night time accident and it held up very well on a gentle cycle and now smells amazing.  cute, soft, I even had to wash and dry it (tied up in a pillowcase) because it got some pee on it from a night time accident and it held up very well on a gentle cycle and now smells amazing.
Cute
She loved it
Better Than The Older Furbies  This is my daughter's second Furby and much better than the first one. It has a very pleasant personality and so far has never been mean or angry. It works really well with the App, and my daughter has been having a lot of fun with it since Christmas. No technical issues, either, as it worked from the moment we put the batteries in and has been going strong ever since.
Great Buy!!  Item came on time and is just as described. It's very adorable and was worth the buy!  The item looks exactly what's in the image and is just about the same size as said.
I understand the price as a true collector  Knowing the market and limited run of this product I was happy to pay the price for this plush. I'm a collector and I understand how prices get when the product is out of print and limited addition.
Don't listen to negative reviews!  I read some reviews on here that people thought the sound seemed like it was cheap and hollow.  I got one of these for my father and father-in-law for Christmas and they both loved them because they yearn for their trips to Canadian lakes.  Each of them, without prompting from me, commented that they loved how the sound effect had a distant, echoing effect built right in.  They thought it sounded just like the loons do when you're out on the water in a boat.  After they said that I agreed with them, I just hadn't thought about it that way before.  I think they sound great.  If you want the call to sound like the loon is sitting in a cage right next to you then maybe you want to go a different route, but as a fun little keepsake that will remind you of Canada this turned out to be a great little item!
Great plush  It arrived earlier than I expected, and I absolutely love it! It looks just like the one in the preview image, and looks very realistic for what it's worth. Two thumbs up!
GREAT PRODUCT  Just what we needed to have and at a very great price. Definitely recommend this to all of you looking for this.
my baby really likes it ~~
Well made, my nephew loves them!
awesome!
Well-Constructed, Soft, Durable, Life-like  My 3 year old is in love with space shuttle and robots. This is the plushie she carries around and sleeps with every night. It is the perfect size for her. But it gets a lot of use. So far, our shuttle has gone through the washing machine/dryer twice and is still in perfect condition. The white fabric has stayed bright, too.  This space shuttle plushie is more realistic/life-like than others I've seen while still managing to be light and soft. It is well-constructed and durable. The wings and fins are soft and pliable with some firmness to hold their shape.  If you're looking for a space shuttle plushie for your little one, look no further.
axew  all i can say is its soooooooooooooo cute. its soft and small. its great for huge pokemon fans. love it!!!!!! my daghter has one. it is a bit pricy fr the size but it rocks
nice and fast!!!!
My daughter loves them!
Awesome  Bulbasaur is very well made and not a stitch out of place, he is very soft and plush. The size is just right for either a toy or to put into a collection. Great buy!
Nice stuffed doggie.  Christmas gift for daughter and her yellow lab.
Super cute an adorable!
Great Price  I got this for myself around Christmas and was quite impressed with the good bundle price for these. I was at first skeptical that something would be wrong or that they would take forever to ship, but I got this a week early and they were fine. Some would not stand up without some massaging and adjusting, but that was stated in a note in the bag so I was not thrown for any shocks. Would definitely recommend this deal for anyone considering.
Ghast plush  My son wants this for Christmas, I think he'll love it!
Son loved it just in time for xmas
I love it, but my grandson doesn't.  He loves Pocoyo, but does NOT like this doll.
Soft, Cute Goat Plush  I got this as a gift for a friend.  It comes just as shown in the picture.  The toy is very soft, but it shed a bit when I first got it.  The features on the plush are very well done, such as the attention to detail on the nose.
My daughter loves this doll... Thanks a bunch
Great toy  Elmo is supposed to be soft and cuddly and he is.  He is dearly loved by 2 yr. old and gets to travel a lot!
Super super super!!!! Thank you amazon!!!! My son adore it!!!!!
MY GRANDSON LOVES THIS KEYCHAIR
Very soft lovable stuffed animal  This is a great, soft stuffed animal and a good value for the price.  I would highly recommend it.  I'm sure the boy I bought it for will love it!
my kids loved them
Got this for my daughters 2nd birthday and she adores it. Thank you very much.
Wile E Coyote for car shows  Comical stuffed Wile E Coyote to hold onto driver outside door mirror when 68 Hemi Road Runner is on display at local car shows.
Item arrived exactly as described.
Perfect!! Very Cute.
Adorable and very nice quality.
Cute Elephant  This cutie made the baby shower table a hit, I added vinyl to the ears which was awesome for the mom and Dad..
Happy customer! Thanks!  Very happy customer and even more HAPPIER soon to be 10yo!!!
It's super cute and my kid loved it.
Perfect  Soft and bright. Much nicer than the picture.
Cool  Awesome. Cute. The only complaint is that the ears are a different matierial and are not printed
it's much more cute and pretty!  You would get what you are watching from the photo. Actually, it's much more cute and pretty!
They are perfect just what I wanted
You'll love Boo  Boo is absolutely a delight.  Perfect gift for all ages.  The shipping and packaging was great.  Highly recommend.
Snuggle Snake  CUTE snake.  It appears well made, but it's still in the plastic (a gift for someone else).
Cute Megaman Plush  This is a little plush that make you smile when you see it. This is something that Mega Man fan will love to have in there room.
Cutest Plush Goldendoodle Toy on the Market  My mom absolutely loved this when we gave it to her for Mother's Day. This plush toy looks exactly like our golden doodle and would be a great gift for any doodle or dog lover in general!
BEST STUFFED 'ANIMAL" gift  This guy is really huge no rip off he is amazing the ONLY problem the coin inside of him slips down a little bit but thats a super easy fix and his "ears" bend down it does bug me but i deal with it he is a load of fun
very cute but a little too cute for Sebastian. Also his hood comes off so that's a plus
My 2-year-old granddaughter LOVES this toy!  This will definitely keep her occupied during an upcoming flight.
My little one loves it
Just the right size for baby!  This is a favorite of our 5 month granddaughter! Just the right size!
My cousin loved it! Its super soft and the size is perfect.
Adorable, soft, and cuddly  My daughter has the set and LOVES them.
Great for keeping little people busy!  My day care children are loving this new toy...here's hoping they will now leave the high chair buckles alone! ;)
It is the cutest little truck and I love that it beeps.  My great-nephew loves it.
Excellent Product !!! Very fast shipped :)  Seller A +++
finished this one for the last of the bubble guppies
Mini L  Got this for my wife as a gift, and she loved it. Not the sturdiest thing in the world probably, but for our purpose as something to sit on a shelf and look cool it is perfect.  It's a miniature L, it's cute, it's lovable, and it knows exactly what you're going to do next :)
Great!!  It is very soft and safe for a child under one. My daughter sleeps with it every night. It has that soft blanket feel that babies like.
Truly amazing little pieces; perfect for the nursery!
works well  It is easy to set up.  Plenty of screws and items to use.  Extends far.  The tv is slightly crooked when it is pushed all the way into the wall but for the price this is a great peice of equipment.
Soo cute  Looks just like the picture. My wife loves it.
Is really nice and the voice is the same form The Movie
Cute, fun. Next year our Christmas theme 4 tree & decorations is going 2 b Sesame Street. Granddaughter's favorite is Elms. Order came faster than expected.
Good quality plush.  Good quality plush. Awesome toy!
She wanted a Hippopotamus for Christmas  She wanted a Hippopotamus for Christmas. So I got her one. This little guy is smooshy and soft and my wife loves him. He's a regular bed fellow.
This looks just as it did in the photo.
Awesome!!!  This plush is super cute and perfect for any death note fan. It met all of my expectations and is one of my favorite plush that I own.
My baby loves them!
Just as pictures
Deathnote Fans Welcome!  I wanted something of each anime I watch to remind myself of my favorite characters. L is one of my all time favorite characters and I saw this and I died! It's in perfect quality and condition, very durable! It wasn't soft like a teddy bear but it's L, it's still cuddleworthy! I highly recommend anyone to buy it if you're a fan of deathnote!
Great
Perfect  Perfect for a toddler and my granddaughter loves it.  Well made and just as expected.
I love it
Great quality.
Cool alligator!  This alligator is really cool. My son loves all the different textures that is has. It's very real looking. Glad I bought it And I would recommended it to anyone!
Very cute!
Kirb time  It's soft and squishy and blends in with any collection
the kids love it
Very cute, and as soft as it looks, suitable for a baby shower gift.
A panda thinks it's pretty awesome, I think 
Warm and comfortable.  My son is a wampa fan and these made his day.
perfect size for my 2 year old  Cute Barney, perfect size for my 2 year old. She loves him, and his singing isn't too annoying ;)
Awesome my husband loves it
My boys love the stuffed animal  My boys love the stuffed animal. My only complaint is that it doesn't really sit/stand on its on (I bought it to be a part of our Dr. Seuss themed photos). Other than that its great!
This was the perfect size for my daughter! She loved it!
What a neat concept!  we bought this for our son for his 4th birthday.  He was just adopted 3 months ago from another country so we are working on talking about feeling and how to express them correctly. Loved how cloud can change his face/mood and the feelings that came with him.  He is very soft and well made and the book that comes with it is wonderful.
3 for quality 2 for sentimental value :)
Ludo is too Adorable  He looks just like the Monster on LUDO's CD.  I have him looking at me while I listen to LUDO and it is wonderful!!
great gift  a darling gift for the new baby.
Love it!!!  My sister went crazy when she saw this cute plush. She still has it from this day on. Im happy i purchase this
Made a wonderful Christmas gift!  This gift was very much appreciated! It arrived in time for Christmas and the look and smile on the little girls face who received it was priceless. This furby was a great deal! Great interactive toy!
nice and big  It was exactly as shown, nice and big. I am happy!
every detail from his bag pack to his belt to the headlight is so adorable  This plushie is SOOOOO high quality <3 I literally died when I got him :D omg! the pick axe and turnip complete this! soooo cute! every detail from his bag pack to his belt to the headlight is so adorable
kawai!!!!
We LOVE Jack.
Was as expected. Very soft plush doll.
Delta Jet  Well made, cool little toy.
Looks great in person and very soft to touch!  This Peter rabbit plush by Gund looks just like the Peter rabbit portrayed in Beatrix Potter's books, with pleasingly light beige colored hair (lighter color and nicer than the picture), which is closer to the original color than the dark brown color as found in other  Peter rabbit plush.  It is also very soft to the touch and the size is just right: 9.5 inches from head to bottom  (12 inches if including the ears) and 5 inches wide bottom.  This Peter rabbit looks perfect sitting on the bed, his smart light blue jacket of course is outstanding among other stuffed animals too, very satisfactory for a Beatrix Potter's arts lover.
I Loved It !
Adorable plush!  My child received this Catbus for her birthday and she loves it!  The material is so soft and well constructed.  She loves to hold it as we watch My Neighbor Totoro and laughs as how it looks exactly like the one on TV.  Great gift for anyone that loves the movie!  Super cute!
The most beautiful stuffed animal  Honestly I'm super pressed it's exactly what I thought it was going to be and it's very soft I'm very happy thank you! 
These are adorable. Received them very fast!
Great combo of tsum tsum & superheros  My son absolutely loved them. They came better than I expected.
Gift for my sister  I bought it for my sister and she loved it very much , the size was little small.. I thought it will be bigger than that , but he's gorgeous and it worth it to buy another one for my self next time :3
Sweet little fox!  This is my second one of these little guys.  My grandson has worn the first one pretty much out, but he won't part with it.  I have this guy in reserve just in case the first one gets, heaven forbid, lost!  Don't hesitate to get this sweet baby.
So cute!  My 6 yr old loves the books so much that I knew he would love this for Christmas. It was a huge hit, he carries it everywhere. =)
I love it!! It's so cute!
I love this little guy  I love this little guy, but more importantly, my special needs grandson loves it! It's fun to have this while reading the Buttons book and great for learning skills and vocabulary.
Recommend!  Gave it to my girlfriend, broke up 2 weeks later. Great gift!
Great value  Took just over 4 weeks to get but well worth the wait.  Very cute and soft.  Easy order,  would do it again.
i defiantly recommend this.  This backpack was ..vary cute ..i got it for my sister ...so if you are a star wars fan ..i defiantly  recommend this ..or if you have kids ..very cute and so soft i love it ! (:
Good enough to buy twice  My son left his original in the hotel we stayed at.  We called later the same day and it could not be "found."  Glad we could contribute to two children's happiness.
Excellent!!!
Perfect size  This is perfect size. My 3 yr old carries Zuma around everywhere and sleeps while hugging him every night. it's really great quality and will last forever. He's already been in the wash a couple of times!
perfect  soft and loveable
Chewbacca angry bird  I was pleased how fast this toy came during the Holiday season. My nephew loved this toy and it looked durable.
Gift for my grand daughter for Christmas She is learning to count and it will be very helpful.
Great purchase!  Great doll! He is so adorable and extremely well made! I love that he is fully articulated and are able to pose him!
Excellent Plushie  Arrived on time in perfect condition. Super soft and very well detailed. Would recommend this to any pokemon fan.
I a very happy with it  Very cute, very soft.  I a very happy with it.
Awesome
just as fun as elf on a shelf  we had so much fun with elfy lol.... why pay 30 - 50 bucks when i got this for 11 and it was so much fun....
my daughter loved this Goofy!
Well made and adorable!
I need a bigger virus....  xD
Et happy with  My daughter love its! she is a big ET fan,
Absolutely love it!
It looks amazing and its very high quality  My daughter loves it. It looks amazing and its very high quality. I live the hair
Cute animal!  Smaller than I imagined but still a great buy! Purchased this as a gift for my daughter who is a huge Moana fan. She enjoys carrying it around everywhere and sleeping with it. Everything on this stuffed animal is soft and nothing pokes or seems loosely sewn. I would buy this product again.
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it, but it is BIG.
this is a BEAUTIFUL doll. My 4 yr  For the price, this is a BEAUTIFUL doll. My 4 yr. old daughter absolutely loves it! It was by far her favorite Christmas present. Everything is plush except for the face/head. It was bigger than I expected, which was great! The only thing that bothered my daughter slightly was that her braid is sewn to the front of her shoulder so it can't move out of place. I think for the price, you can't go wrong! I definitely recommend.
Great for a first squeez toy.  Our grandaughter seen this at anothers home. Loved it. So we got her one. Very sturdy and doesn't come apart.
Good product
My son loves it he dances to the song all the time
Love's it  My Baby girl loves this fish.  I think she loves the colors and the way it feels.  She started playing with it when she was around 4 months old.
Very Cute.  Olaf was my favorite character in Frozen.  He sits on my desk now and makes me laugh every time I look at him.
great price! Grandson loves  well made, great price! Grandson loves them
Deidara!!!  I love my lil' plushie. I cuddle him and love him, and I'm 16 years old! He is soooo adorable.
Just what I wanted  Received item on time and just as described.  Thanks
great niece loves Tigger!
daughter loved it.  Very cute as described, daughter loved it.
Donald is Way Too Cute  Well made, colors are very good. Bought this for a friends baby. My husband remembers he use to play & sleep with one when staying at his Aunts & Uncles-Surprising him with one for Christmas!!
My 8 year old lost his all time fav crocodile from Ikea.  Ikea no longer makes it so we were looking at alternatives.  This one is wonderful and just about the height of my 8 year old which he loves.
My daughter loves this, and it works as expected. Kudos.
I choose you, Vaporeon!  My favorite Eeveelution! Super cute and no malformations in the production as others have mentioned!
Lovable cuddly Tortoro!  Who doesn't love Tortoro? And what could be cuter than a plush Tortoro with a removable baby Tortoro? Not too much in my book! I think it would be appropriate for a wide range of ages, I gave it to 25 year-olds, and it was the best present ever! Tortoro seems to be very well made and should hold up well. (Our dog was eyeing it intensely, so keep little Tortoro away from the pets). I myself would love to have this plush Tortoro, and I am 50-something. I think younger kids would love it as well.
Cute doll  Cute doll. going to give it to my granddaughter for Christmas
Love the good quality plushy klappar soft toy!
my 4 year old is obsessed with guniea pigs. We adopted to real ones and hd to give them back. I ordered this little guy and it was the perfect replacement  without having to clean cages and buy food daily. win win.
these are gorgeous!!!!!  these are gorgeous!!!!! Can't wait to use them for a baby shower in July
great quality
my little girl got it for Christmas she loves it
Strongly recommend.  So cute amd soft. Strongly recommend.
Great toy!  Seller was very courteous and prompt. Adorable product. Exactly what we expected.
Great role model.  Very cute!  Great gift for my daughter's wildlife themed birthday party. Awesome to see a girl park ranger toy!
Very good nothing wrong with it
Durable Toy  It is a fun toy. Can make many moves and sings 3 songs. It is also making funny words. I am happy to have it. My son loves it.
Cute!  This was a gift for a 9 year old girl. She loved it! We watched Man Of Steel at the theater after she got it. She cuddledit thru most of the movie.
LOVE!!!
Great plush and very detailed! He even has little ears!
Awesome!  LOVE THIS ITEM!!!!! Super soft and adorable.
So cute and perfect for what I was purchasing it for--and the price was great!
Great stuffed animal  Wonderful toy for a little girl!
Thanks my daughter Loves It!
Small but soooooo lovely
All ok. Thks.
Snowgie!  This snowgie made my sons day. He loves that he can say phrases to him and he repeats them back (in a super high pitched voice might I add). His little head moves up and down when speaking and is soft in the lower body area. It's a fun little toy but not one you'd snuggle with at night.
i am now a witch mommy  i bought this for myself for my birthday right around new year's day, and for the price i paid it was very well worth it!  Charlotte is made out of very high quality materials and is incredibly soft and lightweight. she stands at just a little over 12 inches; i guess you could say she's life-sized, hahah.  however the fabric seems thin, so i would advise you to be careful with her so she won't tear.  overall, i see very little flaws. Charlotte is an adorable character and i'm glad to have an equally adorable plush in my possession. highly recommended, especially for cosplayers or just general fans of the show.  now, hopefully she won't bite my head off while i sleep.
Liked this Bear better than the 9" one...  I originally purchased a 9" Pooh Bear for my Grandson.  Then, I saw this 13" Winnie the Pooh, and bought it too.  Now, he has one to keep at home, and one to take with him on trips.  Personally, I think the 13" Pooh will be the one that turns out to be his life-long friend.
My lil'guy was so happy to have a deer mount just like Daddy!
Kids love them!
Doll Boy  For my grandson.  His dad won't let him have a doll, but one that serves a great purpose satisfied both of us.  Grandson loves it.  Thanks for fast shipping and no judgement.
My daughter loves her Gloworm. It comforts her and offers a little bit of a nitelight.:)
Made my grandsons bday perfect!
GREAT 10/10  Hey I got this for my son and he loved it 10/10 I would get another in a heart beat, at the store they are 45.00 here they are less, I would say  you should get it
They are great quality, super fluffy and very cute  These were a big hit at Christmas with my Chi-loving son!  He keeps one in the house and one in the car as a traveling buddy.  They are great quality, super fluffy and very cute!
Perfect gift  Nice, quality made toy.  Our daughter loves it
Precious!  This was a gift for my grown daughter who loved the movie and fell in love with Olaf.  She was delighted with him.  He is so cute and so cuddly.  Really nice.
Loved it!  We got this for a friend who recently lost her dog, and she absolutely loved it. The quality was nice, it was very soft and fluffy. It definitely helped make her feel a lot better!
Grinches come in all sizes  Everything I hoped for in a Grinch
Excellent product and speedy shipping.  Thank you!
Great birthday gift for any Sailor Jupiter friend. My friend loves it!
adorable, high quality fur, soft to the touch, I love her~
Braylee loves her Barney she go to bed with him
Great item!
Fauna is my favorite animal crossing character. High quality and looks exactly like the picture. Love it!
Realistic  So cute and cuddly! Very realistic!! Love it.......
She loves it.
WISE OWL  Just as cute as it can be...a 13 inch stuffed owl  part of the Winnie the Pooh collection that my grandson loves.
perfect gift  Love it. very nice and brand new. great condition. girl friend loves it very much! great deal also thanks a lot
Shiver me shareware!  My son loves bot from Umizoomi for some reason. I'm not sure why. I work in IT, but I don't think that has anything to do with it. Anyway. this toy is just about the right size, not to big or too small. If your child is an Umizoomi fan, they will like it.
Great gift, but it was a little small!
perfect
Dummkofp  My niece loved it. I only wish it played the entire song
Coolest Olaf toy I've seen  Ok, so this toy is expensive. $40 for a toy is more than many would spend. Especially if you haven't ever seen it in person. That being said, it is totally worth it. It's about a foot tall, realistic, he sings, his mouth moves realistically, he blinks, he sings the whole chorus to "Summer" he follows you around and overall this is just a really cool toy. A must have for Frozen/Olaf lovers. My son is going to be ecstatic Christmas morning.
Great packaging. Wonderful experience. Great product. My child is so happy with it!
Can't beat the price!  Got this for $9.99. Obviously it's worth twice that. (Paid over $20 for the boy one.) a really cute toy that does a lot even without the extra computer downloads.
good gift  Got this for my daughter who just had to have it. Now she does and is very pleased with it.
she loved it  she loved it, she sleeps with pooh
Grand daughter Christmas wish  As described
very cute!
HUGE Hit and so soft  HUGE hit with Granddaughter for one of her advent gifts. She absolutely loves it. Great buy but pricey. Quality is really good though,
looks exactly like the picture.  very cool plush toy!
Cute addition to Disney plush dolls  Granddaughters were excited to add these to there princess collection.
its soft and cute. i think my dog likes it too.
Perfect transaction and perfect product!
He' fun.  He's sooo cute!  Got this for a friend
Perfect size, not small  My girl loves him. Perfect size, not small.
Best Play Fruit  Lightweight but sturdy, safe plastic. Soft enough to squeeze but pops back into shape.
Great little toy. Good quality
Excelent product my kid was very happy when he recieve it.
My favorite Pokmon character!  Love it!
A Quick Favorite  Beautiful,  colorful lighting.  Great Hawaiian music or ocean sounds.  During tummy time our 4 months old grandson likes to look him eyes and babble.  His 16 month old brother always takes him to dance to music. Great product.
Cool
A Must have!  this was absolute perfection for a sailor moon plushie. I absolutely love it and i know everyone else will too.
pokemon  My grandson was so excited and happy to get this plush figure. He's been wanting this for a very long time.
Dragon  My daughter loves this (and all things minecraft for some reason)  I don't get it.
Great kids learning toy!  Well made product to teach young children coordination.
Love it  Great quality Glo-worm. I always get my kids one of these when they are born and this is one of the better ones. My son loves it.
Saving for Christmas  Super cute, I know my daughter will love it
Awesome plush toy my son loves it I definitely recommended  Awesome plush toy  my son loves it I definitely recommended
a Totoro of your own  Just as described. About 16" tall. Coarse dark gray fur. Soft beige belly fabric. Firm body and tail. Official product of Studio Ghibli. A must have for a fan of Totoro!
Just what my son wanted.
Excellent toy!  Excellent toy for traveling with toddlers! I purchased this for my 20 month old niece & nephew, & it was a hit. "Bongo" is a great take along size for a carry on & pulling out to entertain toddlers on the plane.
murloc baby  one of the most adorable plush toys yet!  anyone who loves World of Warcraft is sure to love this cute baby murloc.
Looks as pictured.
Very fun for the kids if they love elmo
Perfect for little hands!  21 month old grandson loves these!
Love them!
Awesome  I got it for my girlfriend, since she is a big Doctor Who fan. She loves it! Only wish it says more things in its Dalek voice.
very good quality doll  my granddaughter loved it she loves Bubble Guppies it looks just like on the TVshe won't put it down well made
Great toy  My son loves this doll to death. It's well-made, detailed enough for him to think it's the real Walter, but durable enough to withstand some abuse and sleeping next to a very actively sleeping toddler.
Good size, good material, love it!  This is as close of a reproduction Elmo as I've ever seen. The real elmo has longer strands of fur, but in reality that would make it slightly more dangerous/unsafe for a child as it would most likely fray and separate. The eyes are soft so you can put him in the washer/dryer without any worries. As someone else mentioned, and I probably wouldn't have noticed otherwise, but this Elmo has a "beanbag butt". You can feel the "beans", or whatever they are, and it helps to sit Elmo up on his own. Good size, not too heavy or light. Overall I love it. Good purchase.
Amazing Fawkes!  It's truly perfect.  Worked great for my Harry Potter themed wedding!
My nieces and nephews love the story and puppet!
Perfect gift for wife  We love Ugly Dolls in our family- my wife uses one for sleeping by putting it over her ear at night. She has been using our daughter's Ugly Doll for about a year until now when we got one for her to use.
cute pixel  So adorable thank you all Merry Christmas thank you
2 year old loves it!  Cuddly. Soft. Cute.
I would highly recommend and it's a great price  My little boy loves this toy!!  It's soothing and I turn it on for him when I lay him down at night.  I would highly recommend and it's a great price.  It's small but I think that's great for babies/toddlers and it's not bulky to travel with.
he will love it.  cute little thing. he will love it.
PERFECT!  It is PERFECT! exactly what was pictured. Very soft and my son LOVES it! It was so cute I gave it to him for an early Christmas present! I almost want one for me and it shipped super fast!
My grandson love them.  So cute.  My grandson love them.
Nice!  Well made and very cute, true to picture, sturdy legs.
So very pleased!  Such a great product! So very well made! Was so happy with it ! We are all so pleased with it! Thanks for making such a good quality product that will last for years!!
I got this for my grandson but when it arrived my daughter and her friend wants one too.
Great quality  This little guy was a huge success in my household! Great purchase and good quality.
Sweet  One of my son's new favorite animals.  Simple as that, its a winner for the star wars / angry bird fan in your life.
XY series Leafeon looks exactly like the picture and is made sturdy! Very happy with my product!
Austin loves Elmo!  Our grandson was so excited to see Elmo!
Our grand kids love the Minecraft plush toys
Exactly as described!
Love! So cute and the mommy-to-be loved it too  Love!  So cute and the mommy-to-be loved it too!
just what she wanted  she loved it this is what she asked for Christmas buying a stuffed toy for a 15 year old was a little weird but I'm glad you had it
Perfect  He's adorable and cost less than half what he did at Walmart. Only complaint: the volume of his voice is a little low.
The best part might be the cotton candy smell  Who's your friend who likes to play? Bing Bong! Bing Bong! This was a gift for an adult, so the details were important, and Bing Bong delivered! The best part might be the cotton candy smell!
My daughter can't get enough of this toy!!!!  My 24 months old daughter has had this toy about 3 months now.  When I noticed that she was intrigued by buckles, I scoped this type of toy out!  I got it for traveling season this spring / summer.  It might be hard to tell from the photo but it has 3 different types of clasps (some easier than others). On the front is the smiley face, on the back there are numbers (1 - 5) with different colors and shapes, so this toy is a little bit more than just buckles.  I have buckled it to the diaper bag or stroller when on the go which is handy.  I haven't thrown it in the washer yet (only surfaced cleaned) but I would suspect that it could handle the washing machine on gentle cycle.  The quality of this toy is very good.  It also has a zipper side pocket.  I don't know if that's for an added exercise for the toddler, but I thought it was the perfect inside pocket to stash a pacifier.  Very pleased thus far!
So realistic  Great pileated woodpecker sound. Good bird markings. Sound mechanism somewhat difficult for preschool child to locate & push. All being said, this is wonderful teaching toy so our city children can learn about birding in the forest.
This Mouse took a walk in the deep dark woods!! :)  My grandkids love this story!! For Easter I bought all the characters and put them in large eggs for them to find around the yard!!! They were so excited to see these characters from the book!!  Arrived when expected.
Very nice. Better than the picture  Very nice.  Better than the picture.
Great gift!  Super cute and nice quality plush doll.
glow worms  with each baby born in my family I buy a glow worm, the babies love them and I think they are cute. The music soothes them and the light reassures them. I will be buying two more this year for my new grand babies This is the first for the girl version but I'm sure it will not be the last
Cute Little plush Elmo!  This little Elmo is perfect for my 9.5 month old! She adores him and the size is perfect, very soft.
Great price, quality plush
THe kids love them!!  We gave Toopy to our 7 year old daughter and Binoo to our 2 year old son!! They love them, it's a perfect match!!
Cute!  I love this! Think you'll never be cooing over a piece of sushi, think again when you buy this toy. I just love it: It's small, but very soft, and SO much cuter in person than it is in the picture -not to mention quite a conversation starter. Five stars!
Great product, my son loves it! The vendor was fantastic!
Amazing doll !deffiently best on the market  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/My-Friend-Huggles-Life-size-Doll-Lily-Ballerina-Kind/dp/B007BPG4KC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">My Friend Huggles Life-size Doll - Lily - Ballerina - Kind</a> My friends daughter was enchanted with this new doll. It is the same size of her 3 year old. Everyone at  the party's favourite present. This doll promotes kindness. A beautiful satin label on the back delivers this message. Then we went onto the sites web site and WOW check out the song and awards. Fabulous concept ! Will get one for my niece !
OMG SO CUTE !!!!!!  OMG so cute!!! I received her for Christmas 2014 and she is absolutely perfect and she is sooo CUTE!!!!!!!
It has been well loved :D
Super cute emojis. Using these as party favors for my daughters birthday. Good size.
Really like it the a lot
I love this toy!  I just received this in the mail today. I ordered it as a gift for my son's 2nd birthday. His party isn't for another week and a half so he hasn't played with it yet but I know he will love it. The shipping was very fast and its exactly like I expected. It's the perfect size to throw in the diaper bag and seems very well built. I can't wait to give it to my son.
This alligator is a hit with my boys!  This product exceeded my expectations and my children are really enjoying wrestling them (we ordered two).  The attention to detail is great right down to an almost life-like eye.  The product was also shipped in a very timely manner.  I would certainly recommend this product to anyone, especially if you have children who would not settle for a "cartoonish" looking alligator.
Packaging  A nice gift for my grandson, but why is the packaging 4 times bigger than the content without any reason????
Monster high....  Cute, cute, cute! Your Monster High girls will adore this! The whole collection of plush dolls are  a must have!
My daughter loves this doll.
My 2 year old loved this toy!
Its small but he loves it and it makes alot of sounds just like the cartoon  My son loves this rabbid. It is only about the size if a mans hand, maybe less. Its small but he loves it and it makes alot of sounds just like the cartoon.
Great  Loves it
AMAZING  I'm a very busy stay at home/homeschooling of 8 little ones all aged 9 and under. We not only know but love our Disney all things related to it. My girls also happen to have a stuffed Disney collection. So when I came across this I knew it would be a great thing to get. Upon arrival I was a bit concerned initially because there was some slight damages to the packaging. However after opening it almost immediately I was relived to know nothing was wrong. Let me just say we absolutely love this thing. Not just the kids, me as well. Its truly perfect and way more than I was expecting honestly. Its actually pretty large, which was just a huge bonus. Its made very well and seems to be very sturdy. The whole thing is soft, but especially the ears, which are just amazing. The features on it are perfect as well and are done very nicely. The eyes, feet, hat, and bow are just flawless. I really couldn't have asked for anything more perfect. I'm so glad I found it and was able to try it out. I'm completely happy with my purchase and will be recommending it to any and every one. I have no doudbt that it will last a while to come, being its made so well. The only problem now to deciding who can sleep with it at night. I'll likely end up having to order a few more. You will not be upset with this thing I assure you.  I recived this at discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review (good or bad) NO one nor nothing influenced my opinion and all the above statements are my own personal experiences.
Item was shipped quickly, and as described. Thank you!
Excellent quality Sanei plush.  Good stitching, well stuffed.  The butt is weighted so he sits upright.
Baby shower gift  My daughter is pregnant and her theme is monkeys. Its hard to find girl themed monkeys and this was PERFECT!! I used this as my diaper cake topper!!
Good qualit. We love it!
good
Scabber's Plush  Stuffed Scabbers from the Harry Potter collection. Approximately seven inches in length. Texturized fabric to represent Scabbers' spots, though he does have all his toes. Great gift for any Harry Potter fanatic.
Great item, would buy again....good quality  Purchased as a gift for my son who is Mario crazy.  Item was quality, put together well.  Very pleased with the item, would buy again.
Love it  Perfect toy, my daughter loves it
Awesome
ROAR! ;-)  My grand-daughter loves it.
Package came from China - took a while but worth it for price differental
Amazing Gift  I received this as a gift from my boyfriend. Looks exactly like the picture but the head is more rounded. Very good quality and it's soft. It has bendable wire in the wings to pose it and it's bigger than I thought it was going to be. I love it!
sister loves it.
Excellent
Adorable. The little girl I bought it for absolutely loved it!
Yee-haw!  They did a great job with Applejack! She's very show accurate! Her hat is made out of some sort of felt, and her ears are stitched to her hat. Her cutie mark is on both sides too!
Nice wine glasses.  Really nice wine glasses.  Thin and seem durable so far.
Bought as a graduation gift for my boyfriend. He loved it and it's super soft and looks just like the picture!
Leafeon is my favorite Pokemon so I'm very happy with it  This is really cute. This is my first time ordering something from Japan so I was a bit nervous, especially since other reviewers were complaining about the size. The plush is in cm instead of inches, but I find the size okay for my standards. About the size of your palm. Leafeon is my favorite Pokemon so I'm very happy with it. :)
Cutesome toy for kids!  This looks cute. What i really like about this product is the soft and smooth texture that every baby will love to have. Cutesome toy for kids!
Cute plush dolls  They are cute, my daughter sleeps with them every night. Very well made for anime.
Made my sons day to finally track this plush down.
Arrived as promised
GREAT  NICE TO PLAY WITH EVEN WITH HIS TONGUE STICKER  OUT OF HIS QUESTIONABLE FACE. GREAT TOYS. WILL RECOMMENDED  THIS TOY TO ALL MY FRIENDS
Hit the Christmas target just right.  A great new friend for my granddaughter to learn from.
I love Meowth!  Very cute and super soft!
Cute, but not the same as pictured  This plush came a bit earlier, and I was exited to open it. The plushie was not the u, although still cute. It's ears and tail stood up, the gift was gradually excepted. It reeked of chemical But after a wash it was alright.. This appeared to be a Japan product according to its tag.
Great, though pricey  We bought these chairs to go with the Little Tikes Mission Design wood table. Not only are they are perfect match (they are, after all, from the same collection), but they are sturdy, well made and beautiful. The light natural wood coloring coordinates well with our furniture and this table and chair set can be used anywhere in the house without fear of staining the table or chairs. There is a light coating of finish that is virtually impenetrable and allows for easy clean up.  My nearly  3 year old daughter, who is 38 inches tall, has no trouble fitting under the table in these chairs. She loves this set and so do I! It was super easy to assemble (I did it myself in less than 30 minutes). The chairs are sturdy and durable, yet light enough for my daughter to be able to move them with ease.  I would buy these again in a heartbeat and would recommend them to anyone who is in the market for a great table and chairs set!
All my Grandchildren like this one and so doesn't my Papillon1
Great for hanging around  I ordered hanging Elfs for hanging around the house and on the Christmas tree. I loved them so much I ordered this Deluxe hanging assortment and they also look great.
Pete the Cat is so stinking cute  I bought this for my daughter who loves Pete books. I love the Pete books. And the YouTube videos. If you're unfamiliar and you have preschool age kids you have to check them out!  This is a puppet and he's perfect. Four groovy buttons, one falling off. (It's attached, just looks like it's popping off. Like in the story.)
Very well made and beautiful. Could not be more happy.
Little Trixie Monstaz  My 5 yr old daughter has one of these at school that where each kid gets to take it home for a weekend and document (parents job) every adventure they did with it. My daughter fell totally in love this this and was devistated to have to give it back to the teacher for the next child. After endlessly searching, and finding it here on Amazon for such a great price, she finally got this and has not put it down since. She takes it everywhere. She plays with this little guy more than anything she got for Christmas.
So adorable and perfect with the book!  Can't wait to gift this!
Great little mouse!  I just love this mouse.  It's not too little.  I prefer a wired mouse because it is not so heavy and I don't have to worry about having a new battery handy when I travel.  Bought this at a local store for my laptop and loved it so much I got one for my home computer and now getting another for work.  The scroll wheel is smooth.  Works well with right or left hand.  Cord retraction is fine.  When in use, the cord storage area is a nice place to store the laptop charge cord pin cover.
... grand daughter just loves it and she is so pretty. Great  My grand daughter just loves it and she is so pretty.  Great quality
My son was thrilled
10/10!  It's adorable. It looks just like the picture and comes with a little hook on its head if you wanna hang it, or you can take it off. The material is so smooth and it's beautifully made. It shipped so fast and delivered even quicker! Definitely recommend.
The best Pokemon Center plush I ever could have!  The plush is great! If you are a customer reading this, all the stuff the other reviews are saying isn't true. The plush was a little bent in the bag I got go it in, but nothing TOO hard to fix. Also, think is an OFFICAL Japan Pokmon center plush, so if you go onto Pokemoncenter.com, the plush they have is different then this plush. Mega Charizard X is super soft, and all mine wants to get some love! (If you are thinking about get this plush, buy him, because he IS from Japan! So unless you are going to Japan soon, this is the best way to buy him!)
Perfect!!!  Exactly what I was hoping for!!! Beautifully made!!
Nice Product
Arrived exactly as described. Thank you!
amazing!!!  i had totally forgotten i purchased this on amazon like 7 years ago!!! omg, maybe longer. this has always been a highlight in my kitchen from over 4 apartments and a cross country move! lol i love it. it's simple and holds a significant amount of fruit. looks great and is always a brightening piece for a bar. the little hammock things do bend and all the fruit falls out occasionally, that just means you need to tighten the screws underneath the base. have a blast with it, it's totally worth the money.
Adore!  The sweetest little bunny I've ever seen and the quality is excellent! My twins received them as baby gifts and they loved them so much I ordered more.
Cutie pug  My daughter loved it and when she got an actual pug she loved it as well. Thought it was her playmate.
Got this for my dog who loves trying to bite Pooh's nose off.
My 13 year old loved this! I bought it because it was pink. Hahaha Good quality doll though.
Great toddler stuffed animal  Got this for my youngest kid (newborn).  The older sister constantly wants it now too!  The only down side is that it feels like there is something hard in the feet.  While this helps it stand up, it does make it less fun for a kid to snuggle with.  I would give 4.5 stars if I could.
Airplane Survival Toy!  I saw this toy reccommended on a blog about air travel with kids. They were right; it worked! It was the only toy that kept my 14 month old occupied for more than two minutes. Although he couldn't snap and unsnap the buckles himself, he would sit patiently trying to learn how to do so. I am confident that it will continue to be an awesome toy as he gets older and figures out how to work the buckles himself.
My little girl calls him Sora. We love and snuggled with Sora so much that my dogs got jealous and tried to kill him. Now Sora needs washed and sewn back up.
yes
Gorgeous papers.  Gorgeous papers, as usual, thanks so much!
Love it!  Perfect size, exactly as pictured. Even packed with the whiskers taped down, so nothing was damaged in transit. Very happy with the purchase!
Very nice  My Neice Loved these toys,  They came quickly and were in great shape
So fun!  I got this for my 12yr old nephew who loves monkey's and it was a big hit! The noise it makes scared the crap out of my 6 month old but other than that its hilarious and dressed so funny and it really goes far with you shoot it.
My daughter loves this Elmo doll
My daughter loves this!
Its good and is well made but if you pull the head band up to see the sharing an then the head band mite get loose
Perfect  Dolls for boys tend to be geared toward the violent.  This beautiful little rendition of Hiccup tends toward the loving.  It's well-made and should last through a lot of hugs and play.
Soft and fun  It doesn't say this in the description, but this comes in doubles, which is a nice surprise. They're soft and work really well both as toys and as curtain holders.
Perfect little soft dolls!  Super soft dolly.  Grand baby is still too small (2 months) to play with it but she coo's at it when put in front of her.  I love that all the facial features are sewn in and there is no concern of buttons breaking off.  PERFECT little size for her.  I also purchased the Sugar -N- Spice one for a friends 1 year old and she LOVES her new baby.  They run small but are perfect size for both these age groups.
so cute and good quality
Cool doll. Quality material.
Super great!!
Great plants vs zombies toys  These were great! My kids loved them and are high in quality! They look like the app creatures.
Really cute and good quality. A must have for any young Star Wars Fan.
FURBY!  What can I say. We spoil our granddaughter. She has to be the first to own a particular furby species!
The elephant is adorable and very well made  Gave this to my daughter who is expecting a baby boy. The theme of the nursery is elephants. The elephant is adorable and very well made. A friend has offered to stitch the name and date of birth in one of the ears for her!
Great busy/learning toy for 2 year old and up  My 2 year old daughter loves "Buckles" and it keeps her busy in the car and in the store. The orange and blue buckles are a little difficult for her right now, but she likes to mix and match the colors. She also needs a little help unbuckling before she can play again. The stuffed animal is fairly tall and does not fit easily in my purse.
Perfect  My daughter loves it. Soft and cuddly.  She sleeps with it every night.
I was satisfied with my purchase. The dog was in perfect conditions.
Great quality and absolutely adorable  My two year old son loves this little penguin! Its very calming. Great quality and absolutely adorable!
Two thumbs up.  Product well made and fast shipping with no problems. Two thumbs up.
So nice to find such large ones  My son loves them.  So nice to find such large ones.
Terraria lover  This is great for Terraria lovers! They even get to beat it up a bit to get it to light up. Very soft & a good size.
They are beautifully made and very cute  FYI  My 2 year old daughter absolutely loves these mermaid dolls! I have gotten her two so far and she can not sleep without them. They are beautifully made and very cute  FYI...from a mom stand point, I love the yarn hair! Very easy to take care of hahaha
Absolutely Adorable!  Got this as a gift for my wife and she loved it! Its really cute and appears to be officially licensed so it is highly recommended for any pokemon fan.
but adorable. My kids love it  Arrived late, but at least it arrived. It is so ugly, but adorable. My kids love it!
Great Pokemon Plush  Fantastic Plush doll. Very well made.
Very soft.  Very soft and cute bear. But for my grandson , he just loves it.
So Cute!  My niece has been begging her parents for a dog.  Boo has kept her happy...for now!
Perfect item! Thank you so much  Perfect item!  Thank you so much!
1 yr old Granddaughter carries this everywhere!  It is almost as big as she is. Floppy and soft, not like a plush stuffed animal. She laughs every time she catches sigh of it
Love it! Absolutely perfect  Love it!  Absolutely perfect!  Quick delivery too!  Thank you very much!
I like this toy  I like this toy
Granddaughter loves Aurora  I bought this doll for my 6 yr old granddaughter (who loves mermaids) and she loves Aurora. But the hair is made out of yarn which is easy to come loose so there were a few loose strands of hair. Other than that, she loves the sequined scales on her tail and (this is her quote) "how cute she is".
Loving Elmo  My son loves this huge Elmo.  He loves to sleep with it, as it's the same size as him.
Gave to my niece as part of her Easter basket. I didn't hear any complaints.
Absolutely adorable!  We purchased this little guy for our son and he absolutely loved it.  This plush turtle is super soft, well-constructed and has very accurate features.  I hesitated buying him because of the cost, but he was well worth the money.  My son (3 years) enjoys using him as a pilow.
Iggy  My Granddaughter loves this and hasn't put it down since she received it.
Very good quality and received quickly
It was a very nice gift.  It was the perfect Christmas gift.
CUTE
Super sweet  It takes a while to arrive, but it's worth the wait. This is just like the one in the film! One of the ears is even flopped over like the real one. It's so soft and perfect size. Just in time for our anniversary gift!
very cute
Great learning toyl  3 year old great grandson loved it!
Love them!  I bought them for my 2 years old daughter and is in love with them.  I have washed them.  Easy to clean.
Highly Recommended  Best purchase I ever made. Love him.  First order came with a broken neck, but sent back and got a new one. The delivery was fast and plush is good quality.
perfect addition to our collection!!!
Adorable!  This plushie is as adorable as the picture. Good quality. The seller even included a cute pin with it. It ships from China though so be aware if you're ordering as a gift or something. I was unable to find this in a store though, so I think it was worth the wait!
Highly recommend for a toddler plane lover.  This plush plane was exactly what I was looking for because my son loves to fly planes at ALL TIMES and I was tired of getting hit in the head with metal ones in bed. It is structurally both sound and accurate to the blue angels jet (trust me if it wasn't my son would tell me!). It's also not been able to have the wheels ripped off like most of the toy planes we have.
I'm overall very pleased with the packaging and price.
A Gift for my Grandson  Bought this for my grandson. He likes it but I can see he's a bit disappointed because of the size. I should have gotten the 12" instead of 10". Overall he's happy having his goofy doll.
BB8 Plush  Arrived on time, sound is great, perfect size.
and fun.  Cute dog, and fun.
very fun and great shipping
My son loves it!  While this is repetitive and only says a few things, my son loves it.  We actually just push through to get it to sing the counting song.  The rest are just little blips that get in the way.  The counting song last long enough that he'll giggle right through it.  Happy still!
Lovable!  I bought this as a gift for my  four year old grandaughter for Easter. But her little sister LOVED it and so it goes with her every time she takes a nap or goes to bed. She is two years old. Peter Rabbit is a childhood classic. . .how can you not love everything about that naughty little rabbit. Give him and hug and remind him to be good!
Great and cute for fans.
This arrived on time and my grand daughter will love it.
Very pretty
Cora the Smart Cub!  I bought this gift for my 10 month old niece, and she loves it! It's so interactive and the lights and sounds.
Love Humphrey!!  I purchased this plush elephant to use in a wreath for a baby shower.  It was perfect--the right size, color and most of all it was adorable!
Great doll  This doll is very well made. I bought this for my daughter. My daughter loves it. I recommend this doll to anyone looking for alternative to plastic dolls. I hope the makers also come up with Prince Naveen doll so that people can buy the set.
bubble guppies is my grand daughters favorite!  such a cute little puppy. shipped very fast. thanks!
very nice fleece but ive grown out of plushies so .-. still good!
Ghost Boo  so soft  great addition to the collection  My grandson loved it.  Product arrived on time and in good condition.  It was a big hit at the party
My little one loves her!  I got this for my newborn and she still has it almost  2 and a half years later,  the plush toy stands the test of time.
Was happy to find this while shopping with my grand daughter  Was happy to find this while shopping with my grand daughter.  She really wanted this.  Other sights were a little more pricey and I was uncomfortable ordering from the ones I had never heard of.  Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.  You made my granddaughter so happy.
5 inch cars plush  Great item! Wish they had Holly and Sally, though! It would be REALLY COOL to have 5 inch F1 plush cars with the ACTUAL voices of the Drivers!
This toy is a hit!  This toy is a hit with my 16-month-old twins -- so much so that I went back and ordered a second!  It is very soft and high quality.  I think we will get a lot of use out of this toy for a long time to come as they are just starting to learn how to do buckles and zippers.  I clip one of the buckles around the stroller and then this toy stays with us for a whole outing without getting lost.  Looking forward to using on an airplane this Christmas!  I highly recommend!
great  Cute little dolls. great value
Very cute doll.
Cute Bootie  as shown, bootleg, cute but not super soft, some minimal stitching off, arrival early, can not stand on its own
This toy is perfect. Our 18 month old loved it  This toy is perfect.  Our 18 month old loved it.  Takes it everywhere and still loves it 2 months later even though she has mastered it.  Learned quickly how not to pinch a finger!  It only happened once!
Our son loves this!
Absolutely AMAZING! My child loves this thing and hardly goes anywhere without it. It's soft, comfy, and adorable! I suggest getting this product right away if you haven't already!
Star Wars Angry Bird  Got it for my Grandson for Christmas and he was really happy with it. I couldn't of been happier with the quality.
Adorable!  This is so cute! It's quite large. My Labrador is a great armadillo chaser, so I thought this would be a fun toy for him. He loves it! Cracks me up because it always lands on its back!
Adorable!  I received this little guy over Christmas break and I can honestly say that I've never been so attached to a stuffed animal. This cute Luigi definitely goes with my favorites.
I love these. As a microbiologist I have a collection of them.
Loved it.
Simply adorable!!
Adorable Super-Cuddly Vaporeon!   I had previously ordered the Shiny purple Vaporeon plushie, and I soon found that a regular normal-coloured version of the same plush was also available. Vaporeon is such an awesome Pokmon! I love this adorable aquatic feline (Merlion), and this unique plush is probably the best-designed, best quality, and largest Vaporeon you will ever find!  The colours are lovely and vivid, shades of icy cyan and cerulean blue  100% accurate to the real Vaporeon. Secondly, he is VERY large (about 14 inches tall from the tip of the fin on his forehead to his paws), super-soft, and plumply stuffed. The outer material is extremely soft (sublimely so) and of stellar quality; the plush is also very durable, yet cuddly and squashy soft. He is perfect to cuddle with. Also, every detail is beautifully accurate -- his ear fins, his frilly white mane, the spines lining his back and tail (which are very soft and felt-like), his mermaid-like tail, his big black eyes, and adorable feline face. His tail is wrapped gracefully around his body, and he is in sitting position, able to stand up on his own. Such cute paws, and a little plump tummy. Everything about this Vaporeon plush is "purrfect"! This plush, made from an unofficial custom pattern, is of the highest quality possible!  He is the "twin brother" to my Shiny Vaporeon plush, and these two look so cute together! They are completely identical in design, only different in colour (see included comparison photos). I am an obsessed Eevee/Eeveelution fanatic, so both versions are essential pieces to my collection. They are adorably harmonious together in contrasting blue and purple. :3  If you are an Eeveelution fan, I highly recommend this plush. You will not be disappointed! It is great for true Pokmon fans of all ages -- superb for a collection, or just simply to snuggle with.
she loved it.  I ordered this for my friend as a present for her birthday... she loved it.. it looks like that picture and it arrived on time. I'm really happy with my purchase...
Love it! Super cute!
Great item  Super packed. Nice item
Plush  My son loves these
Awesome! Thank you, Cw-
Got these for my two twin Grandsons and gave them the Happy Pills from 'Santa' on Christmas Eve and they had a ball with laughing right along with them......Thanks !
Great product!
Price Flucuates A Lot  This plushie is cute and pretty well made, as plushies go. Our little FNAF fan is very happy with him and carries him wherever he goes. Watch the pricing though, as I've seen it fluctuate a lot. I bought at about $13, which seems a fair price, though I have seen it for less and more. The best price will probably be when you can find it sold directly by Amazon.
Well made and great quality! Completely adorable! A bit of a challenge to 'pose' and transform, but not in any unexpected way.  I want to start the review off (and will later finish it the same way) by saying I love my 'ling!  This is one of those plushes I have been looking forward to getting for quite some time, and now having it in hand can say it was very much worth getting.  Gushing love, ecstatic squee-ing, and acidic goo aside, it is important to note some important 'challenges' my dear 'ling faces and endures:  - It does not transform between zergling and baneling quickly or easily.  Patience is a must if you do not want to mangle or damage your poor 'ling as you make sure all relevant bits are pushed in or pulled out, especially the zipper (who knew 'ling's had a zipper?).  Transforming your 'ling will probably not be a frequent activity, especially if you want to extend the life of this plush.  - One must accept the 'uniqueness' of each individual 'ling (even if they all spawn from the same zerg gene pool).  That is to say, you will not get your 'ling to look exactly quite like the promotional pictures.  Specifically, the legs will not look quite as sturdy an rigid when posed, the abdomen will not look quite a 'smoothly' plump on the baneling form, and - short of a ton of spray starch and careful application of a clothes iron - the wings will not be quite as straight back in profile.  All of these things were to be expected, however, given the necessary structural requirements of a transforming 'ling plush.  - Speaking of legs and their sturdiness (or lack thereof):  The legs are quite nicely filled, but lack a certain rigidity where they attach to the body of the 'ling (again, this to allow for its transforming capabilities).  This means posing one's 'ling and getting it to hold that pose can be quite the challenge, especially when in its zergling form (I just tell myself it is tuckered out from chasing Terrans hither and thither).  To be clear, I am not bashing on this 'ling plush.  I really quite love it, and only regret that I am not a millionaire capable of buying a swarm's worth of them!  But, I do feel the above 'challenges' are important things for any prospective 'ling owner to take note.  That all aside, though, a completely worthy addition to my Blizzard plush collection, and to my plush collection as a whole.  I absolutely love my 'ling!
Adorable!
A perfect gift or collection  Love it!
Perfect size for her age too (1 year old)  My daughter loves it so much, we bought a second one as a back up. She won't do anything without her Elmo. Perfect size for her age too (1 year old)
Just the Cutest SingAMajig  This was bought by a co-worker and we had fun at work playing with it, I bought one for home and my teenage kids loved it.
My granddaughter's favorite toy!
Soft and Cute  It was very cute and after seeing it I am sorry that I didn't order the larger one!  But my granddaughter loved it.
Loved!  I purchased this Yoshi stuffed animal for my daughter for her Birthday and she LOVED it!  She loves Yoshi and loved getting a stuffed Yoshi!  Seems well made and it was nicely made.
Leprechaun  Best leprechaun
Toddler friendly  Perfect size for a toddler. Easy to wash and soft to cuddle with.
Adorable and cuddly  I love Hank. My son clutches him whenever we watch Finding Dory (which is often).  Hank is super soft and high quality.
My son loves this!
Great  Arrived sooner than expected which was great. My 6 year old loves it.  Greatest ugly dog ever.
It's Pooh!  What else do you need to say?  It's such a soft plush Pooh bear!  My grandson adores him.
FAST delivery!  Perfect size and the shipping was unbelievably fast!
Cutest plush animal a baby could have!
Cute and well made
he doesn't like calling it a doll  Our 2 yr old great-grandson loves this Pokemon toy...he doesn't like calling it a doll!  It happens to be his first Pokemon toy and he has been carrying it around everywhere.
Great for toddlers!  My twins love it so much they are constantly fighting over it! Its perfect for their busy little hands and keeps them from climbing on the table to try to buckle their booster seats!
Had to have Wall Nut as I don't have a clue why.
I bought this for my daughter--in-law's classroom. She's an eight grade science teacher,and uses it for display and reference It is so cute and lifelike,she says she has to keep an eye on it so it doesn't dissapear!
Cute!  This otter arrived on time, in perfect condition and is super soft, a good size, and all around adorable.
My son loves
Will definitely be buying back ups  I bought this toy a year ago and he absolutely loves it. He rarely sleeps with anything, but he will occasionally ask for the giraffe to sleep with it. I always have it on his crib and at bed time I'll put some essential oils on it and on my sons feet and back as part of our bed time routine, so sometimes he will reach for it and hug it to fall asleep and I've noticed that lately he is reaching for it a bit more. It has been a year of putting essential oils on the toy, and washing it in a gentle cycle every 2 weeks and the giraffe looks brand new, it feels just like it did when I just bought it and it looks just the same. I don't ever put it on the dryer at all, I only let it air dry so that and the good quality of the products are the reason that it has maintain its form. The toy is also very comfy to sleep with. I slept with it the 1st few nights before giving it to my son (so that it would have my smell) and I honestly loved it, super comfy. Will definitely be buying 2 more extras in case this one breaks (which I'm sure eventually one day will happen) or is lost.
great pirate hat  hat is awesome and musical lit-up eyes were a perfect touch.  a little pricey though.
My 4 year old nephew loved it.
I have one for each child which works out great!  very cute, using them as my alternative to elf on the shelf.  I have one for each child which works out great!
This is a nicely made bear  This is a nicely made bear. I bought it for my son who is in the Coastguard and he loves it. It is very cute how the mouth moves when it sings and the song Semper Paratus sounds great! Overall, great purchase.
Great Christmas present !!!
Cutest gallbladder on the planet!  This guy certainly is gigantic! Way bigger than I expected but that only upped the awesome factor. Purchased for my dad who recently had gallbladder surgery and he absolutely adored it! So cute!
Love it!  My grandbaby 3 year old...you should have seem her face. Nice size I will recomend to get this item... thanks Amazon!
amazed  This is the plush to own. Well made and is a complete badass to show off to other Pokemon freaks.
Love It!  It is beautiful and soooo soft!!!  The baby loves it!!
Snivy  Birthday gift for our granddaughter. She loved it. Good quality product. Met our expectations. Would highly recommend to other buyers.
Our granddaughter loved it
adorable doll  my daughter loves it. it is a good size - the head is huge - which is really cute. nice quality fabric.
My grandson loved Rudolph. He sings the song right along with rudolph
my grandaughter is 2 years old and she loved it!
Thunderbird Plane!  This cute plush thunderbird airplane is the perfect gift for my ring bearer! His daddy is in the Air Force and is deployed during the wedding.  I can't wait to give it to him! I love it!
Awesome gift  My granddaughter sleeps with peppy and George every night and she loves them. They are just the right size for her.
My granddaughter loved it.  It was smaller than I expected but it is hard to judge from pictures. My granddaughter loved it and I am glad I got it for her.
Daughter Loved KIRBY!
Disney Tsum Tsum Sadness  This Disney Tsum Tsum of Sadness is so cute! :) I have a collection of Sadness items, and this one is perfect for carrying with you in your pocket or bag. Her little face and tushie have such a soft texture, and her little sweater is very pleasant to the touch, too! Her look of perpetual concern is also very sweet. So happy to have her! :)
Same As Shown  Fast delivery & My son loves it!
Bought this for my puppie,  I had gotten one from Loot Crate.  He loves this toy and just had to get him another one.
My 11 year old son really likes this plush!  My 11 year old son really likes this plush!
Very cute and great price.
Great size
The great one is all powerfull  The power of the elder thing brushed away the human failings which led me to give the wrong address
Awesome!  Bought this for my favorite little person and she loves it! She was so thrilled opening up her present, although she guessed right away what it was. The look on her face as she opened it was all worth it. She plays with it all the time and dances about the room, laughing which always puts a smile on my face. She has been sleeping with her new friend every night. Would recommend this product to anyone who has children or someone who is a child at heart!
Finally a frozen doll that's not creepy  Good quality and not creepy looking. Kiddo I got it for won't put it down.
great price - the kids ask for them and gotem  great price - the kids ask for them and gotem.  Delivery a little slow but anticipation they watched the mail like hawks
Excellent  I found this in a store while on vacation and didn't buy it.  I was never sorrier because I couldn't find it in the store at home.  Thank goodness Amazon had it!!  My son is a HUGE superheroes fan and he won't even let this guy out of his sight.
Very cute!!  Very cute but a bit smaller than I thought it would be. Also I didn't realize that it came with a suction stitched on it to hang on a window but that was easy to cut off. Overall very nice toy.
Great product  This is definitely the best mattifying moisturizer out there. Its very light and absorbs instantly. Sephora and Bliss both stopped selling it but you can still order it through other sites. I have oily skin and it helps tremendously. I highly recommend it.
It is the perfect size for a 4 year old girl  My daughter loves this doll. It is the perfect size for a 4 year old girl! I like that I can throw it in the washer without having to worry about her hair getting all messed up. And the clothes do not come off this doll so I don't have to worry about my daughter losing Elsa's pretty dress. I would highly recommend for a small child!
75ft cat6 cable  This cable is exactly as described.  Great price and shipped as promised.  Will be used at home for an area wireless doesn't work for.
Loved it  We ordered like 26 total Pokmon from different sellers. this seller was awesome too!! I would recommend these to anyone who's kid wants a friend to carry around / sleep with :-)
Good  Just as pictured
Excellent quality! Very pleased  My daughter LOVES Peter Rabbit! Excellent quality! Very pleased!
love it
Extra cute  Extra cute. Gave them as a gift and she loved them.
This toy is wonderful, it's one of the nicest stuffed animals I bought... thank you for the wonderful quality you put into this toy... I would highly recommend it to anyone who has children
CUTE!!!
great gift for my daughter, she loves it!
Got it for my girlfriend. Yes, she's an adult but she loves Elmo. She loved it!  Got it for my girlfriend. Yes, she's an adult but she loves Elmo. She loved it! May be will get bigger one next time, for her birthday;)
Well made.  My son loves it. Seems to be good quality.
Love it
Very good
She loved it.  Bought this for my girlfriend after we saw Lost World. She loved it.
Larger than I expected! My son loves it! Well made.
perfect  The material is perfect and soft. He is exactly palm-size. Lovely.
Very Nice. Just as described. Super soft!
Completely AWSOME!!  We bought this doll for our daughter after she won her school's reading fair for her story board on "Llama Llama Red Pajama."  Dolly Llama accompanied her to the subsequent reading fair competitions.  She wore her red pajamas while toting dolly llama and was completely adorable!!  Get this doll if your child loves the "Llama Llama" books!!  My daughter LOVES it!
Frida Lives!  Really very well made. Also looks quite a lot like Frida! Clever gift to any artist.
So cute!
Dry Bones  I ordered because Dry Bones is my favorite Super Mario character. It came a little late but it was worth it. It came in a perfect condition and I suggest buying it
Best invention since sliced bread!!!  I've been searching for the perfect product, and I found it here on Amazon!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Olay-in-shower-Body-Lotion-Age-Defying-with-VitaNiacin-Pack-of-3/dp/B000FKEUL0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Olay in-shower Body Lotion, Age Defying with VitaNiacin (Pack of 3)</a>
Doggo Loves Piglet  I purchased this plush as a cuddly toy for my medium sized dog.  The eyes on the piglet are not buttons, but are instead sewn into the plush - making this is a fairly safe dog toy.  The pig does have a small curly tail, so this would not be suitable for a dog that likes to de-fluff and dismantle their toys.  My dog snuggles this toy nightly.  She still looks for a squeaker... but I'm thankful there isn't one!
Tip  Could of been bigger but it's still a great buy says a couple of things changeable clothes .
My baby LOVES "Pretty Monkey"  Before we started to try for a baby we decorated the nursey in generic yellow & green jungle, figuring when we learned the sex we'd add some of the appropriate elements. We were SO HAPPY to find a girly monkey! Our daughter is now 6 months old and just loves it! We have a variety of monkeys at our house, so call this one "Pretty Monkey" :).
as expected!
Oso was perfect, super soft and looks just like the cartoon character! My son loves him!
Great. Tons of fun.
My kids love it very much  Cheap price , cute thing. My kids love it very much.
I bought this for my daughter's first birthday and she loves it. She cuddles with it at night :)
Big and CUTE!!
Sven the baby Reindeer!  Funny Looking and fun to play with for my grandson.  He loves this little animal and always sleeps with him,
Grand loved it
Excellent
easy transaction with no problems
Looks like the picture.
So cute. Lasts well and adorable
Great!  Bought this Yoshi for my girlfriend and she was very happy, good size and very soft material, seems tough too but only time will tell us, thank you Amazon :)
Lots of Entertainment!  My daughter loves this toy!  She is almost 2 1/2 years old, and has gotten so much enjoyment out of this.  It even helped out a lot on our long summer road trip to keep her entertained!  It can also be used for short trips & stroller rides.  I'm so happy I found this before our road trip--thanks for a fun product!
my daughter loved it
Very cute. I will be a part of a comicon costume!
This was a great gift  This was  a great gift
Olaf`  I haven't seen the Olaf figure myself, because I had it shipped to my little 6 year old grandson, who lives several hours from me.  His mother, however, says he was delighted with it.  It arrived in a timely manner, and was packed  appropriately.  Their small town had a Christmas parade, and Olaf went along, carried by my grandson.  From what I hear, the two are inseparable.
Cute little gift!  This little guy is so cute!  My niece has had him on her book bag since Christmas and he smells just as good as when she pulled him out of the packaging!
Thanks :)
Lovable Elmo!  How could you not love this toy. I probably love it more than my baby. My baby cracks up when we sneeze so that's why we purchased this for him. When you press Elmo's nose it makes the most adorable sneezes & says the most adorable things in the cutest little voice. It says things like "excuse me", "hug elmo", "elmo has sniffles" & other cute little saying. Its the perfect little size for him to hold & cuddle with. And for some reason he likes to suck on Elmo's eyeballs, little weirdo. In fact I love this toy so much I think I'm gonna steal it from my baby.
Awesone
Love It!  Quick delivery. Just as described! Adorable! A favorite, according to my kids.
Disney Villans Rock  Best EVER!
Adorable  Soft, and the cutest toy. Comes in green too, which I debated about. And comes with socks, so covers the useful side of gift giving as well.
Best Santa Gift Ever  When I found out that my 5 year old asked Santa for a "mermaid big enough to dance with," I nearly panicked. Where would I find such a thing? At Amazon, of course. This mermaid is nearly as tall as she is, very well made and very pretty (shimmery, but not over the top, with scads of well-attached, yarn-like hair). Not too heavy, either, for a little one to manipulate. It is a little top-heavy, but after all, it has a long, filmy tail! When she saw it on Christmas morning next to her stocking, she was struck speechless with amazement and awe. Cost of mermaid: probably more than I should have spent on a 'stocking stuffer'. That little girl's delight: priceless.
Perfect for my daughter. She loved it
gremlin for my gremlin  Like others have said not the best looking gizmo but for the price and my daughters happiness I can't complain
My granddaughter loved it
Just what I was wanting.
The Boy loves it.
Big and beautiful sloth!  Beautiful sloth! Love it. Is very soft. Great size, it is big! Beautiful face. It loses some of its hair, but only at the beginning. Great option for sloth fans.
Great gift  Bought one for my daughter when she was 1.  She still has it but it is in REALLY bad shape.  Saw this one and she is turning 29 and I decided to get it for her birthday.  Puffalumps are so cute.  Can't wait to see the look on her face.
extreamly satisfied X3  Shipping was super fast i recieved it in two days after ordering. Detail is amazing and she's so soft. The muffin hat is removable and her expression is perfect. She's a legit nendoriod plus plush becouse of her movable joints unlike the fumofumo. I very much recommend this plush for any one likes touhou or nendoroid plush plush toys. Or both X3. Keep in mind she is a nendoroid plus meaning she's posable and has a solid body underneath the plush exterior
Very soft and plush
Great gift, my boyfriend loved it
this is so cute!  This is perfect! However the little antena keep breaking off. that's a shame, however I still love my litttle heartless to death.
KIRBY  Got as a gift for my friend that loves Kirby. Really cute!
so It matches great!  Its bigger than Masha..so It matches great!
Squall fans will love this charm!  I got mine right on time that was expected. I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered on Amazon. I rate this item a five since the detail is awesome and he's not fragile, or I'm being real careful with him. The pictures don't do these charms justice, when I got him and then I got a Terra one as well, they are soo detailed and worth the amount you see on Amazon!
It isn't as big as I hoped it would be!  This was a gift for my Granddaughter she loved it it is the perfect size!  I can't always be there to hug her so this helps her!  She sure loves it!
Nice  Just as expected.
Super cute and just the right size.
... - this one had soft ears & was a better fit for the little guy  1st one I bought had Hard Plastic Ears - this one had soft ears & was a better fit for the little guy
Very pleased
kids love Elmo!!!
This toy is awesome!
Keeps my 18 month old company at night. He is very sensitive though and goes off at any tap or movement.
nice product
Very detailed little fellow  I am a big Mozart fan, and I have a very big Mozart collection. I saw this Little Thinker doll they made of him, so I decided I get it for my collection.   The figure is about 30 centimeters (12 inches) tall when you make him "stand up". You can't stand him up on his feet, because his bottom is heavy due to the built in music box and his legs are weak. If you want to sit him down, you have to put his back against a surface, because he lays down on the table otherwise. Another way to make him sit is to place his bottom at the edge of a surface, for example a table or shelf, like this he can sit in a stable position without falling or slipping.    Little Mozart has a built in music box, as I said it is in the lower part of his body so that he can sit on it, and the key to the music box is on his waist. You could look at it as it was a silver button on his coat, so it looks very decorative. The music box plays "Eine Kleine Nachtmusik". The sound of it is very clear, it isn't out of tune, it is right in rhythm, so it is very good to listen to. Maybe it is a bit of soft, but it isn't necessarily a problem: sometimes you don't want too loud music.    The doll is a very detailed, Mozart's face is very recognizable. He has a gray wig, even with a black bow at the back of his head, with a ponytail of the wig. The wig also has curls above his ears. The ears can be moved. His eyes are made of plastic, and his mouth is embroidered on his face, not just painted. I really like that fact. The clothes are even more detailed if it is possible, the cravat is made of white plush with lace around the edges, and lace around his neck and his wrists, just like the fashion of his time. The red coat and the black pants are made of a silkier plush so you'd think it is made of velvet. The white stockings and the shoes are made of the plush that the all body is made of. The shoes are detailed too, they even have a tongue, I loved that, at least not just the usual way of making the shoes of the black plush without any details. The coat has 4 little red buttons under the cravat, making the figure even more realistic. The clothes aren't removable, but why would you want to undress Mozart? You can partly look under the coat at the front though, seeing his belly.  All in all, it both looks and sounds good, and it is a great accessory for any Mozart, classical music, or simply music box and doll collections.
Adorable Cookie Monster  Well constructed, hours of fun for children and so cute.
Smaller than expected but soo adorable. Looks just like the picture.
Birthday present  Came pretty fast, purchased for my neices birthday she loves it! Thanks for a great product!
Great quality. So cute  My grandson was 10 months old when I gave him Rudolph and he loves it. Still playing with it. Great quality. So cute.
Great stuffed horse!  Great stuffed horse!
Exceptional Quality!  My wife insisted I leave this review.  We purchased this set when it was on backorder at a significant discount.  I wasn't sure what to expect, however when they arrived my wife and I were blown away at the quality.  These are fantastic!  Our 22 month old son went bonkers when he saw them.  We panned on giving them to him for Christmas since we had expected them to arrive right before base on Amazon's expected delivery date, but since they showed up well before Thanksgiving we decided to wrap them up and let our son tear into them.  The look on his face when he realized what was in the the box was priceless.  Regarding quality, these plush toys are definitely well made.  The attention to detail is superb; we saw a number of other options with characters that ranged from ugly to unrecognizable. These are unmistakably Peppa Pig and her family.  There were no loose threads, not strange obnoxious smells or signs of cheap Chinese craftsmanship.  For their size and cost, these are excellent. Meet or exceed the quality you get from any of the Disney stuffed animals. And I cant recall what the description stated, however each character comes with the authentic Beanie Baby tags.  Needless to say, we're happy customers and I'm confident your kids won't be disappointed either.
Hard to find product at a good price and quality!  My 2 year old LOVES this Barney doll. It literally goes everywhere with us. We knew she really liked Barney which is why we purchased the doll but now we see she might be his biggest fan. Thank you for selling this product at a reasonable price. I am sure this one will get lost or something and we will be ordering again ( if we want to sleep!).
Awesome! Get it!  If you love Totoro like we do, you will appreciate this one! Great quality and detail at amazing price! Arrived much sooner than expected. Exactly as pictured.
perfect snuggle size  Well made, perfect snuggle size, great for on the go and fits nicely into backpack for use as a comfort toy.
Great toys  My granddaughter loved the wolves. Very soft.
prefect juat what i ordered ^-^
Adorable!
Thanks!
The best Peter Rabbit for a real fan!!  Our two year old granddaughter just turned two and fell in love with Peter Rabbit after watching videos of him on TV.  She just couldn't get enough Peter Rabbit.  The three older sisters never were interested in Peter Rabbit, so for me, it was something new since I really didn't know very much about Peter Rabbit.  I found videos on my computer and taped a program from the TV.  This particular Peter Rabbit is beautifully made, and just the right size for a little girl, and it really looks like the Peter Rabbit on TV programming for little children.
Adorable
My granddaughter absolutely loves this doll.
... crocodile is unique you won't find it elsewhere just adorable  This crocodile is unique you won't find it elsewhere just adorable
Many hours of fun!
As advertised
Adorable  Very cute.  Larger than I thought.  Good quality.
Love this stuff Sven for my grandchildren.  Very pleased.
Adorable
fun  What you see it what you get. A nice toy item to amuse my wife, who only cares about Star Wars for the big fuzzy Wookie.
Perfect
must have for all zombie lovers  I bought these for my boyfriend he I'd a huge zombie fanatic and when he saw this slippers the little boy wears in paranorman he became a little kid again,started clapping his hands starting oo i want those i want those so when i came across these i knew for sure they would be p effect but i was worried about a couple of things.one the eye.i was scared it was going to be sewed on poorly and would fall off but it is on there very well sewn i even tugged on it a little to make sure.another one of my worries was the fit.my boyfriend is an 11 so i was scared they would be to small but they are not they fit him well he even has room to wriggle his toes.they even fit me perfectly I'm a 8 1/2.they areare so soft and comfortable.im telling you if you know anyone who's in love with zombies then this is a gift must you will not be disappointed a and they will love you like crazy for them.o and doing wad fast.they were her in two days.
These dolls are great and look like the characters  Our 11 month old has been addicted to the movie Home since she was about 4 months old. We bought Oh and captain smell. I put the photo of her when she first saw Smeck doll and was talking. Also uploaded are her and Oh. These dolls are great and look like the characters, it's a great buy!
It's adorable. My niece loves it  It's adorable. My niece loves it. It's hard to find such a cute stuffed animal. I am very pleased I bought it.
Looks great and is a very big size  Looks great and is a very big size. The ball inside does deflate solely but can be easily fixed with another beach ball or simply re-inflating it to your liking.
My daughter loves this she got it as a gift at her birthday.
sawk!!  it's realy nice and well made it's sitting and looks just like the picture!  i love this plushy the most <3
Perfect! Thank you! :-)
I love ths bear, my baby love it too. I think the claws are the cutest thing.
Good quality, very satisfied  My wife asked for this after seeing the movie. Very pleased with it when it arrived. Anything that makes her happy makes me happy. :)
Stylish Plush for The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker Fans  The design of this plush Link is true to The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker. The construction is excellent and should hold up well to play or display.
perfect plush for a Zelda fan! :]  I ordered this little guy and he came two days earlier than was expected. He looked a little different than he looked on the photo,but he is still really adorable. The title does not lie he truly is a little buddy, he is a good companion for things because of his small size, Link can fit in coat pockets and in your backpack, He can also take a beating. My little sister threw him around nonstop.(My sister is five, a destructive age in life) and his sword didn't break or bend, I recommend this plush for all you Zelda nerds out there (including myself.)
Love it!  Perfect size for my 2 yr old!
Love the zombie.  He is a lot of fun for my son!
Item was exactly as promised and arrived on time.
Flutterjump Cutie  Awesome! Girlfriend loves Yoshi, so naturally she loved this!
Small. portable, baby loves it.
Great
I want 500  It's too cute.
Great item  If you want a large Donald Duck then this is the item you should buy.
Gift, kid delighted  Happiest grand son ever.  He is delighted.
BEST!!!! Smells amazing and really works!  Best men's deodorant!!!! Very difficult to find in stores since they have new 48 and 72 hour technology.
Cute stuffed dog  Very cute. Perfect for dog lover gift
I love it  My daughter Loved him!!! He is just as described and the shipping was faster than expected.
Love!  Absolutely loved this, I was looking for this exactly, got a great deal and got exactly what I wanted. Very satisfied, I have a list of others I will definitely be purchasing!
Cute little plush doll.
Lovin Froakie  My grandson absolutely Loves Froakie!!!  He takes it with him to school, sleepovers, etc.
It was great and exactly the size I imagined  It came yesterday exactly as picutreed.  I was afraid it was going to be a mini=size Peppa Pig.  It was great and exactly the size I imagined.  Happy with my purchase!
soft  This cute little bunny is very soft and cute. Fits perfect in a little hand or great for that person. who lives bunnies
I love it  I love the new addition to my pokemon stuff animal. Its very cute and looks very well made. And it was such a low price that even if it wasn't well made, I wouldnt complain!
Its pretty big and sturdy  I bought this for my son to use for his lunch box at school. Its pretty big and sturdy, looks just like the picture and arrived on time!
I had purchased this item previously for a gift and wanted to buy two more for gifts for other people.
Perfect for my pet mini pig  My pig loves playing with this stuffed animal pig!
Cute kawala!  Great addition to my beanie boos collection.
Nice quality doll. Pretty face on her  Very happy with this stuffed doll.
Great!
It's perfect for car  My 18 mo old loves this. It's perfect for car trips
Happiness!!  The little guy that got this has taken him to bed every night. Yoda's cloths are cute and he talks quit well.  This guy made our little guy very happy.  Ronda from T Town
Great Gift  This arrived a whole lot EARLIER than expected and looks exactly as shown above. My minecraft crazed friend will love these!! ^^
Great!  Great!
loved it
Very sturdy quality. My son loves it  Arrived ahead of the expected delivery date.  Very sturdy quality.  My son loves it!
was added to a collection.
my second grader loved it!  Our son asked for a few of these germs after seeing them in a food sense class at school.  He loves them.  Sleeps with them everynight!  got them fast and was surprised they were a little bigger than I thought they would be.
Very cute!  My step daughter has not put this down since Xmas! A little expensive but the look on her face is priceless!
As described nice
My son loves it!!!!!
This doll is well made and easy for little hands to manipulate the different areas to learn how to dress. It is a great tool for kids to practice their fine motor skills.
Really cute  These little piggies arrived as scheduled. They're exactly as described and pictured.  My daughter has never really been big on peppa pig, and I was going to gift these to my niece. But when I took them out of the package my daughter called dibs, and she thought they were adorable.  they are honestly very well made
LOVE IT!  I bought this because I am a HUGE Notre Dame fan.  It is even cuter than the picture.  LOVE IT!
Grandson loves it!
Jigglypuff  This is a great plush. The kids love it. Exactly what we ordered.
Perfect adjunct to the books.  This is the cutest addition to all of the Llama Llama books. My grandchildren always want to hold him while they listen to the stories. Glad I purchased!
Perfect condition! His jacket is perfectly detailed and is a must have for any Sword Art Online fan!
barney like you have never heard or seen before  barney like you have never heard or seen before. It is the 10-inch plush my nephew loved and will be loved by his soon-to-be cousin.
Bought this for our granddaughter, she loves it!
My sister loved it thank you :)
great toy and condition  this was a gift for my fiancee and she loved it! i would recommend this to anybody who likes the domo franchise and its more reliable products.
They're perfect! My little one loves them!!
So cute. My son loves it.
secret elf  I bought this for my granddaughter. she has wanted this for a year and she was so excited when she got it. she actually thinks it does things. it's the last thing she sees before bed and the first thing she looks for when getting up
As advertised  Great buy
KitchenAid Cookware is a Good Choice  I initially received the cookware set as a gift from my spouse, and have been slowly adding pieces over time (only at rock-bottom sale prices, found by scrounging online). This amazingly-priced saucier rounds out my cookware nicely. Not only are the KitchenAid cookware beautiful and sturdy, their handles are marvelous - great leverage and length. The thick, flat, curved handles stay balanced in your hand, and don't tilt at inconvenient moments like other thin-handled pans do. They have an Old World feel to them, both in heft and looks, except this is stainless steel. This saucier will be perfect for sauce making and reduction, and braising of smaller pieces of meat, or even making vegetable stock. Once you get used to the heft of the saucier and maneuver it well with one hand, you won't want to go back to the lighter weight pans. You will probably find yourself using this saucier for practically everything, everyday.
Pefect doll to snuggle with at night.  My daughter's favorite doll to snuggle with at night.  It's also washable!
So excited  I was so excited when this came in the mail. My daughter LOVES elmo and I knew I wanted her to have one of her own.
Very cute!
It looks exactly like the picture.
Perfect for toddler hands  Perfect for small hands of my toddler. Looks like Dori and quality is great for the price.
Great quality great price  Zzzzzooooommmmbbbiieeesss!  Super cute!
So cute!  I bought this Hello Kitty for my niece as a gift.  She loved it so much.  It arrived in excellent condition.  Very pleased!
Great quality.  Great little goat. Lots of variation in fur. Cute little face. Very well made. Described as large but it isn't. It's the size of kid's neck pillow (no pun intended). Hee hee.
Perfect for our poodle  This cuddle cookie monster toy is absolutely perfect for our miniature poodle who carries it around the house and enjoys hugging the stuffed animal.
Tis guy is awesome and also is so doft and ny grand son loved it so much.
Gift for granddaughter, she loves it.
Great!  A medium, compact (but still plush!) Kirby plushie that can stand up on its own! I bought this for my brother who loves Kirby games, and he loves it. It's great for sleeping with and playing with. Definitely recommended for a low price merchandise :)
Love This!  My six month old has played with this since she could hold it. The wings crackle which she loves, and it doesn't hurt her when she hits herself, which I love. The perfect rattle!!
Adorable!!
Great toy  My son loves his new Elmo. He's 3 and lays with him and hugs him constantly. Such a great toy. We did have issues with the first one we bought but returned it and the new one works perfect.
Gransdson loved it
She loved  lovely gift for a busy 18 month old granddaughter. She loved it
Perfect for my little girls birthday party!
I bought both this and the Ghast and I am very pleased with both  This item may not be official Minecraft, i.e. it did not come with a Minecraft tag on it, but I am impressed with it none the less. The white material tag did have a Mojang icon on it. It's very soft and it's much bigger than I expected. From what I understand (and tracked) they dropped the price on it and it was worth every penny I paid for it. I bought both this and the Ghast and I am very pleased with both, as are my girls!
Good toy  Great toy, super soft and cuddly. My 2.5 year old absolutely loves it. Much softer than I had expected, very cute.
He loved it.  It was just what my grandson wanted for his birthday.  He loved it.
Very cute,
Holds a Lot  <div id="video-block-R2N5PVK7TJ6F8A" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/915c-2105bS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91jyfa32EsS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My daughter has the Tummy Stuffers alligator and monkey.  They are so adorable.  Both will hold lots of clothing or other items.  My daughter stuffed the monkey with all her old socks and washcloths.  It was quite a pile.  I like how the clothes go down the big mouth and land in the belly.  When she was done, he was all nice and plump.  The monkey is soft to the touch and well-made.  The bottom is filled with stuffing, so he sits up when empty.  I like the look.  My daughter thought her alligator was more fancy.  It's her favorite, but the monkey pleased my eye.  For some reason, the stuffing gimmick really works to excite the kids.  My daughter loves it.  Her friends get excited over it, also.  This product was provided for review by #1 in Service.
They need to sell this again!  Bought one in 2015 and I need to purchase another!!! I hope they make these again.
My Granddaughter's New BFF  My granddaughter loves Sid!  She sleeps with him every night and doesn't like to give him up in the morning to go to school.  I will probably order more Ice Age characters soon!
A nice present  I bought this item as a present for my friend and she loved it. I would definitely buy this again.
Cute and cuddly.
needed to build a few proxy bases but didn't have enough probes. this one did the job but gave me some lip in the process, fortunately you can throw it against the wall and it bounces back ready to build.
Soft
Perfect addition to the books!  We have so much fun with Llama Llama...we read the books with the plush and change the clothes, pretend to brush teeth...etc. There are great messages in the books and easy to read/follow for the kiddos.
Best gift I ever bought for my grandson
Was what I was looking for  Couldn't find a simple Elmo in local stores. My almost 2 year old son loves it.
my grand daughter loved it
Too Ugly!  How can anyone not love these Ugly Dolls? I want them all! Actually, I buy them and gift them to adult friends and children.
Toddler fun  Great item for our 11 month old to have in the highchair at a restaurant.
My granddaughter loves these Disney characters! Came as described and packaged well.
It was a good gift. The guy i got itfor probably hates me but a good gift none the less
Love the size and the big head  This was as expected. Love the size and the big head. Tweety looks great inside a birdcage as a prop for my Granny from Looney Tunes cosplay.
Perfect plush!  So soft and adorable! Finally there's an adorable plush of my favorite Pokmon. She's worth every penny.
My boys are loving this one
Wonderful and is just as advertised.  Thank you!
Great product in great condition! My daughter loves it!
Nice  Bought this for my daughter for christmas. She liked it alot. Put together well. Definitely worth it for a Hetalia person
My niece loved it.  I bought this for my 3 yr old niece and she loves to play with it! Her smile made it worth it :)
Granddaughter loved this Winnie the Pooh and takes it to bed.
Loved!!  It came swiftly and earlier than expected.  The packaging was in tact.  The only problem that I had was that his hair was sticking to his face and I had to unstick certain things and fix his shoes but that was simple.  I love it so much!  Thank you so much!
love
My daugher loves Elmo so I got her this.
Pleased with the shipping, price and toy! Child loved it
cute  this is very cute. my 4 year old daughter loves it. the people come out of the sleigh & she just wishes she could change out the horses but other than that, its nice.
Adorable and just like the picture!
It was great
Nice gift for any KH fan!  I got this awhile back since I'm a fan of Kingdom Hearts. Great toy, looks nice sitting with my other video game collectibles. You can move the antennas on the head around, which is fun. It's also pretty soft!
Big hit for my 2 and 4 year old  I bought this for my 2 year old for a long car ride and it was a big hit more so for my 4 year old. He still asks to play with it. At the beginning of he car ride he needed help with every buckle, 4 hours later he mastered the toy and still gets enjoyment from it!
Exactly what my son wanted!  My son loved getting this for Christmas!! It was exactly what he wanted. I was shocked by the size, but he was happy. It a river earlier than promised and was packed well. The item was made well too.
Cute little plushy
... children are three and four and seem to really enjoy this toy  My children are three and four and seem to really enjoy this toy.  There aren't really a ton of options, so it only keeps them busy for brief spurts, but that's okay.  It takes a lot to hold the attention of young children, so unless there's a way to get this Elmo to dispense lollipops or make farting noises, he's as perfect as he can get!
Amazing!!!!  It came faster than expected. It shipped out as fast as the prime membership does. What grabbed my attention the most other than the fact that my daughter loves it is that on the back of the package it said "do not crush" making sure the delivery carrier would see it lol. It comes with batteries already :)
Adorable, but not safe for infants.
2nd Mythical Plushie  With the news of the mythical plushies being released as part of the year long celebration for Pokemon's 20th Anniversary, getting the plushies is surely a goal for me being a die hard fan. Only problem is that resellers buy these limited plushies in bulk then resell for twice as much as what they sell, for a profit. So it seems a little unfair that those of us who can't get to the store in time to get one have to bleed our wallets out to get one. ~end rant... HOWEVER, the plush is very soft, the box it comes in is very well made. No scratches or what have you. Stitching looks superb, colors are on point, anatomy of the plush itself is correct, and mine came in the mail very early. So I guess with those Pros, the only Con is the price. Very Nice to add to your collection however, if you are willing to spend the money.
Cute!
My daughter loves it, so I order several different color online.
Cute and beautiful
You just want to hug him!  The cutest thing ever! The recipient of this dog LOVES it. Good purchase! Great seller!
Adorable
Grandson loves George
Time to bring the DOOM.
Soft and delicate for baby. Worth buying.
Perfect! Kids love it  Perfect ! Kids love it
I thought the DLC code expired but I was mistaken and it worked  Good store
Our baby girl kept borrowing her big brothers, so we thought her other brother should buy her her own.
This little highland cow is absolutely adorable. I got it for my sister  This little highland cow is absolutely adorable. I got it for my sister, who loves highland cows, and I know she is going to love it. In fact, it's so cute, I may have to order another one for myself!
Perfect gift  Niece LOVED it! It makes sneeze sounds and a couple other sayings and it's her new buddy to get her through surgery.
Thanks
Adorable baby Jack  Adorable! I used this product as a topper for a baby shower diaper cake. The size was great, looked amazing on top. Only thing I didn't like; was that the top of the head has a loop string, you can't see that on the pictures shown. My sister-in-law didn't care about the string on top, she was in love with it.
Great gift!  Gift for my niece, she loved it :)
Adorable!!  This is a legit plush, and it is very well made. Right now I have the Jolteon and Leafeon plushes. While Jolteon is a lot smaller than Leafeon, the in-game Pokedex says Jolteon is a whole foot shorter than Leafeon, so it is proportional. I think the spikes were very well executed, having a very electric look. All the material except on the inside of the ear is very soft and silky. I absolutely recommend this plush to any Pokemon fan.
Perfect for my baby  This little elephant is too cute. Perfect for my baby. Makes my nursery look great!
AMAZING LINK PLUSH  I got this plush because I needed to spend more money to get free shipping. XD But I absolutely love him! He sits on my nightstand every night. He's my lucky charm!
adorable  niece is in love with monk monks(monkeys0
Super cute. Slightly smaller than I had expected, but still adorable.
Great FNaF toy!  Much larger than expected, but son loved it for his collection!
Grandson loves it!
Cutest Hiccup ever!  Super cute and exactly what my daughter wanted for Christmas.
Its wonderful! ,so soft and has a good quality I gave it to my mom as a birthday gift and she loved it! She loves Courage!
Excellent service from order to delivery  What a treasure!! The plushie is well-made and looks just as photographed. Excellent service from order to delivery.
Love it! Great gift  My grandson who is 11/2 yrs old just loved it.  He did not put it down and he sleeps with it at night.  Great gift!
Olaf  Great quality, fun toy, cant wait to give it as a gift next month.
Cute  Really cute, as described, if your kid is a fan you must purchase, good size,nice colors,fast delivery,we are satisfied,,thanks,kirby,,,,my kid likes it so much
These guys are just adorable! Super fast shipping
FURBY PINK AND BLUES HEARTS TOY  ALL OF WHAT I EXPECTED AND MY  GRANDCHILDREN LOVE IT.. IT AMAZES ME AS WELL.. IT WAS QUITE EXPENSIVE THOUGH.
My grandson loves him. It's the only doll he carries with him.
was just as pictured
Sits on my desk and humors me when needed
Awesome doll  I ordered this on Amazon as a gift for my girlfriend, and she loves it! It was about the size I had expected it to be, but I didn't expect it to be posable, which is interesting I think. It's a good-quality doll, well-made, and the eyes and clothes aren't just painted on either like with some dolls. There weren't any piddly defects or stitching failures in mine as well, and my girlfriend and I agree that this product is well worth 5 stars.
Excellent toddler toy!  My 18 month old son LOVES this toy!  It keeps him busy (and quiet!) while we're out and about.  I've already been looking at the other buckle toys offered to get him another one for Christmas!
My son loved it and it's quickly become his favourite stuffed toy.
Geek collector's toy  Star ratings are too general for this 'toy' really.  It is a fairly well made replica of a replica doll from bioshock 2.  If you are a Bioshock fan than you will not be disappointed. A few of my non-gaming friends even accused me of making it myself, so for a toy that is supposed to appear handmade it achieves the effect very well.
Soft and cuddly!  We bought this as a birthday gift for my bf's sister, and she loved it!  It was very soft and definitely cuddleable! It also seems to be well made and durable, which is always important when it comes to kids toys.  Any lover of stuffed animals or orcas is sure to love this!
Great  My son collects Super Mario toys and he just loved adding this to collection. Its a great size and he really enjoys it.
It was perfect arrived very fast
It was vacuum packed...It was horrifying to watch. After it perked up it was so cute with my Misty cosplay!
My grandson loved it and sleeps with it every night.
Great product. Thanks.
Pink giraffe  My three year old loves it.  She carries it around constantly.
Great Value  We are very happy with our purchase of this printer for our dental practice. It is performing very well, and is such a good value. The Toner SAve feature is particularly nice.
Loved this kangaroo and her Joey  My son loved this.......soft and cuddly.  Wouldn't put it down.
In love!  I got my package on time and I absolutely love my Rilakkuma!!!! I am very sure that it is authentic because it came nicely packaged, has San-X tags, is the same as the product photo.
Arrived on schedule and my son absolutely loved it!
Super cute, my niece loves it!
My son loves these  Received for christmas, fast delivery, good quality, exactly what I was expecting
The wonderful thing about Tigger...  My daughter and Tigger have been attached at the hip since his arrival last week. Minus a crick in his neck (he was packed a little too tight in the shipping box), Tigger came just as expected, solid and bright, and is an adorable addition to our growing Pooh collection. He's working the crick out, I'm sure he'll be back to normal soon.
LIFE SAVER
I love it because it has kept him entertained enough  My 16-month old loves this dog! I love it because it has kept him entertained enough, so that I can get my tasks done!
So adorable!  Always have been an original Star Wars fan and Princess Leia in particular.  Now my daughter is introduced to original characters by the angry birds, she can't get enough.  She is excited to see the original!
Best quality Pikachu doll  Bought this for a friend. Was worried based on the other comments, but it came in as advertised. I wish I had ordered two so I could keep one!
Soft and Furry...Just what you want  This was so much better than I was expecting.  It was a big soft Elmo that I had on my Grandsons bed when he came from another state to visit and it was a big hit.  He had a friend he was familiar with.  Unfortunately my dog liked Elmo too so there was always a race to see who would get him first.
Wish you had more options but these are great!
NICE TOYS
Fuzzy  The chick I received is not quite the buttery yellow Id expected. Hes slightly pale yellow in coloring, a little ruffled, yet very realistic looking. I brushed his down with a new toothbrush to give him a more fluffy appearance. Love his hidden comb on the top of his head, his beady little eyes, and his large splayed feet. It takes a bit of adjustment to have him stand up on his own, but it can be accomplished. Hansa is a remarkable company making handmade creations, which is rare these days. You will find this plush toy unique, adorable, and wonderfully soft!
Thank u  High quality loveeee it
Totally worth the money.  This is the perfect gift for sloth lovers! It is a great size, very soft and cuddly and would make a great buddy for a child or young-at-heart. Fur gets matted down a bit but only adds to the realism. It's soft and squishy nature also makes it a good sleeping companion.
Good! My dauther love that!
very happy with my purchase, arrived quickly.  thank you!
Great size, very cute
I loved it.  She talks. I think I was more excited then the kids. I loved it.
Good quality, good size  Kids really enjoy these. Nice to take their frustration out when you loose a life in the game :) Nice finish and good quality.
The best flowers you will buy!!  you can't go wrong with smiling flowers.
Good Size Minnie Mouse  Great size Minnie Mouse. I gave it to my daughter for Christmas and she loves it.
The product was what I expected. I'm very satisfied
Rocky is cutesy dog ever  I love sleeping with him.
Very cute
very cute gift for grandchild
made very well
the grandkids love peppa so grandma had to get the whole family and friends..... They are on the top of the bed!!!!!!
My 11 year old granddaughter loved it!
Fun little guy :D  I love this character so much! he is tiny and cute! just as described. Trusted, buyer hurry!
Good buy. Arrived on time, description was accurate
Soft and Cuddly!  Super cute, cuddly doll.  My 6 year old loves it!
it looks adorable
My Grandson Rylan just loves his new Mickey Mouse!!!
I could not be happier! This Stitch doll is so cute and such good quality for the price!!
Great quality  I bought this an the matching Artemis for Christmas gifts. I was impressed by the quality and attention to detail. The cats are well made, and even stand up on their on. The recipient was very happy with them.
Good  Cute and pretty well made. The hat/costume will come off with a snip of a couple threads. The tail was sewn up on ours and when I snipped to free that, the whole seam on the back of the head came open. Curious but no biggie, I just hand stitched it back quickly and my son loves it.  Also arrived much faster than expected!
cute
Mint
Don't bother reading this  It's a fluffy deer. How could you mess it up? One two three four five six seven eight nine ten
The stitching was perfect on the faces and the clips were sturdy  I order 2, 18 packs of these for my 3rd grader to give out as birthday 'treats' to his class. His school does not allow food to be brought in due to allergies. They came within 2 days using Amazon Prime. They were so cute - I wanted to keep one for myself. I had his teacher put them in a grab-bag so the kids wouldn't argue over who would get which one - then they were allowed to trade. They were as described - soft, plush, bright yellow. The stitching was perfect on the faces and the clips were sturdy. The kids went wild for them! Most of the children clipped them to their backpack zipper tabs. Everytime I go into the classroom, I see them hanging there. It was a huge hit. I highly recommend these as treats, giveaways, rewards, party favors etc. for elementary aged children. It sure beats the 'treat-bags' that usually come home full of pencils/stickers/plastic junk that I immediately throw out due to the 'clutter factor'. Buy these - you won't regret it.
Fantastic !  My boyfriend absolutely loved it. Great quality, beautifully printed . Would buy from this seller again. Thank you for your service .
Pokemon  I bought this for my grand daughter who lives in Italy. I sent it to her direct from Amazon. I was able to watch her open the package from my computer on skype.  She was so excited and happy when she saw it. It is very cute.
good deal !  well made , very pleased with it.. shipped faster than expected.
Great! Thank you!
Super cute!!
Perfect  Soft, Loved
So cute  Delivered quickly, and is adorable
MY NEW FRIEND ZONC  My little Minion is absolutely wonderful.  I even named him CL Zonc after the seller.  I really wish he were added to the minions so that he could be seen regularly.  I know many people kids and adults alike would buy him.
This little green dragon goes everywhere with my son.
So cute and educational, too!  I think that your emotions can teach you a lot about yourself, so I was really excited to see Kimochis, which are adorable in and of themselves, plus, they also teach children to express themselves in positive ways. I got the Cloud stuffed toy, which is made of soft and cuddly material. He can be a bit moody though, which is easily shown by turning his head from his bright and happy face to his gloomy face. Cloud has a pouch on his tummy where his emotions (Kimochi in Japanese) live, and they are so cute with their little hands and feet and their name on their back (Happy, Mad, Sad). In addition to helping my children express their emotions (sometimes I just ask them to point to which one they feel like, if they are upset), my kids love to make up stories with them, too.  Cloud also comes with a "Kimochi Feel Guide", which is a small, soft cover book filled with darling illustrations and constructive play ideas using the toys. The book tells us, "When kids are comfortable talking about their feelings, they build self-esteem, character and confidence!" I really appreciated this concept, since it will help children throughout their lives in their social dealings, as well as handling their own personal issues. Cloud offers such a fun way to learn to work things out when an issue arises, rather than choosing to be overwhelmed by emotion (a much less beneficial coping technique.)
Quality, Quality, Price Point!!!  I really can't say enough about Disney products. They are very well made and are at an unbelievable price point. Compared to other products in the same price range these FAR EXCEED in quality. I think they are the best made children's toys on the market. I cotinue to come back to Disney products and have never been disappointed!
Great Big Elmo!  It was difficult to find an Elmo with no batteries - this one is adored by our 2-year. Plush, sits up and is a great toy for him to snuggle with. Talking Elmo's are insanity.
This thing is great. The plush Orko actually save my life (or wallet) one night while out on the town.  I was getting into my car when I felt a sharp object against my ribs. "All your money..." is what I heard.  I told the crook I had no cash but had something else they might want.  "Better be an iPhone" is what he said. I reached into my passenger seat and handed him my plush Orko. The masked man started laughing And then I hit him in the crotch with the car door and stepped on the gas, leaving him in the dust clutching his midsection in one hand and a plush Orko in the other.  I gotta order another one of these things soon...preferably before I go out on the town in Hartford again
Adorable and well made!  When I received this Catbus Plush, I was absolutely stunned at the detail and quality. I did not expect it to be so detailed. The mice on the roof have beaded eyes and the miniature Totoro figures are nicely detailed. The smaller white Totoro is stitched firmly to the Catbus and the larger, grey Totoro is tethered to the plush. There's ample room in the for the two figures, plus 1-2 more small figures. I could not be more pleased with this purchase!
My friend loved it!  It was a perfect gift which arrived the next day after I ordered it.
My twin nieces love it! I bought two.
Cute and small  Adorable. Just as described. Now a favorite friend of my preschooler.
Cute item  Our son is a big fan of MagiKoopa and it has held up well. Goes well with the Bowser Jr we bought with it.
so I got this for an early bday present, and hes awesome! the reason hes about 18$ more is because and hes only at walmart  Nothin bad about it!
Sucks. Good cuddle buddy Thad for sure  It's so adorbs! My boyfriend lovessss it. It's a good cuddle buddy that's for sure! Lifts up our spirit :)
Batman  My Grandson went Bananas when he saw it. Would definitely buy from again.
Exactly as described
Love it!
she loved it, nice and soft  Gift for my Goddaughter, she loved it, nice and soft.
Daughter loves it.
I love him. He's really soft and exactly like the picture.
My kid loves it  It's very big
Rango Ragdoll  Found this little doll and thought it was unique and cute! I hadn't seen any toys from the film before and when I came across this, I just had to get it for my dad who just absolutely loved the movie! A strange gift for a 57 year old man? Perhaps. But it was much appreciated!
The BEST kitchen utility knife ever!  My husband is a knife "snob", but loves everything about this serrated, 5-inch utility knife. It's a MUST for any knife collection.
Perfect with storybook. Special gift!  For grandson's Christmas along with the story book. Know he will love it and I love giving him gifts that are meaningful.
Adorable!!  Perfect gift for baby shower when nothing is needed. So many moms are now going organic.
Such a cute little Elmo. My 15-Month-old loves it.
After looking around for a few days, we finally found a Evee plush.  The plush is very good quality and is true in image to the original Pokemon.  It seems to be very well made and has endured numerous Pokemon "battles" with out 6-year old.  The Evee rarely leaves his side  and has been dropped, thrown, stepped on, kicked, and hugged and has shown very little wear.
great
I loveeeee it so much and its very soft  Loveeeeeeee
It was very cute my son loved it.
Very cute and well-made. Larger than expected based on reviews. Fluffier than your typical Korilakkuma!
very pleased with this product
Cute  Well made. Looks exactly like the character in the stories. Cuddly and perfect for all little ones. Easy to carry, too .
Adorable!  These dolls are so adorable and cute. Everyone was asking me where I got these from, as a sailor moon fan I am happy with them.  Just missing Mercury and Jupiter. I hope I can find them all later on.
she absolutely loves it and the quality is very nice!  gift for my little sister...she absolutely loves it and the quality is very nice!
excelente
Very great!!! Not 100% like Picture, but soft, cuddly, squishy, and well-made  This is a very amazing and high quality plush! I love it. Its not exactly like the photo, as it is not overly stuffed and remains squishy and cuddly. But I see that as a plus. Even though it is not perfect cube shape, the lack of over-stuffing make it cuddlier and squishier. I could use it as a pillow!!
My grandson loved it
Soft, snuggly and so cute!  This monkey is seriously the cutest! It is so soft and cuddly. My daughter loves it!
We Love Gobi.
Adorable!  These stuffed animals are so adorable. I put them on a diaper cake since the mom-to-be was doing a jungle themed nursery, and everyone said how cute these were.
so cute and lovely!
I found him to be an amazing plush. Mewtwo is awesome  The package didn't have tracking but when I got him, I found him to be an amazing plush. Mewtwo is awesome!
great stuffed toy  My 15 year old son wanted a twenty Bird stuffed toy. He loves this
Eevee is Finally home  I was so excited to see my Eevee when she arrived; I was actually more excited to recieve her than my limited edition my little pony nail polishes, she's perfect size to be my cute little assistant in my cosplay this fall...but she is the same price that Walmart charges for her....however. She definitely makes a good pokemon companion for any fan...oh yeah and the quality for her is high quality and the shipping was fast. Thank you
Awesome  Adorable cute durable so much fun for any pokemon fan perfect in every way one problem its cuter than the pic :)
Bigger than I expected, really cute doll.
I work this for halloween and for xmas. They fit great. Not so tight they give you a head ache and not so loose they fall off. Love em!
My 18 onto old loves holding the little puppy when he goes to sleep. Very cute
small
Nicely made - and cute too!!  Very cute 'blanky' for my grandson who adores Mickey! Great quality product that is holding up to the rigors of live with a one year old! The red side of the blanket has a short nap and is very soft. The opposite side of the blanket is a quality yellow patterned fabric bordered with yellow satin. Mickey's head is very true to character and my grandson is fascinated with the ears which are lined inside with a crinkle fabric that makes a crunching sound when bent. We are enjoying this product!
How can you go wrong with Pooh?  My granddaughter loves this little guy..but I knew she would! Perfect in every way and super quality! Thank you so much!
Love it.  Cutest thing ever.  Adorable.  I love it.
Great product, original and authentic!
Adorable and Snuggly  Ordered this as a present for my daughter whose name is also Luna. The doll is just a cute as the picture and very soft. Perfect for cuddling :)
gigi is fun and cute  so cute.  Our grandson loves the colors on it.  Keeps him very interested.
Exactly what i asked for little cousin is gonna love it.
Beautiful. Very realistic!  Very realistic! Looks just like our little Yorkie - Spanky
Go ahead, your child will love it!  Adorable, great quality!
Love our new platypus  Love our new platypus. She is very soft and cuddly.. And the perfect size. She is a perfect companion to our other platypus.
Easy for small hands to hold  Granddaughter loves it. Easy for small hands to hold.
FAVORITE Christmas Present  Barney came just as described.  He is adorable and song is very clear to understand.  I bought this for our 2 year old granddaughter who adores Barney and she is THRILLED ! Good value for the money
Great quality !  My girls love it !
Awesome for nights  We got the pink one for my daughter and she has used it for over a year.  It is the perfect combination of a nightlight for their crib/bed and the soothing lullabies that help lull them back to sleep.
Super cute! Saving this for Christmas but its so cute and my son is gonna love it
perfect
PERFECT PAPER CALENDAR  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01E5T6C76/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3  You would not believe HOW HARD it was to find this.  Looked all over and wanted justt his size and layout.  Very very haooy
What a cute and funny toy. Well made and unusual  What a cute and funny toy.  Well made and unusual.  They somehow managed to create Billy the Kid in a way that is immediately recognizable to anyone familiar with his most famous photograph.
3 year old granddaughter loves it
Perfect gift for kids  Perfect gift for kids. They'll forever be grateful. It's so interactive and educative that my daughter love it and won't let go for a minute.
My son loves his Rocket  My 2 year old son is a big fan of The Little Einsteins and his face lit up when he received Rocket!  Now he doesn't go to bed without it.
Even more cute in person!!
Nice toy
Excellent Product for toddlers  My grandson loves this little train.  He has to sleep with it almost every night.  The song it plays stays in your head long after he goes to sleep.  It is so adorable.  Great price.
Cute  My son loves this, it's so pretty
Perfect size  I was super thrilled when I saw this on sale. My son fell in love with the doll my friends son had and when I saw this was half off I needed to get one. I cant wait to see his face when he opens the box! Great size too!
I love them. I hope she does too  I got this for my daughters shower.  I love them.  I hope she does too.
Small but GREAT!  Item came very fast in perfect condition. I knew it was small, but it is SMALL. I love it though. It is made very well. Pictures are wonderful. I seemed a little glossy and I was concerned if I would be able to write in it easily with  a ball point. I can. And I love the sleeve it  comes in. Probably will put in my purse.
Great price and quality
So cute  So cute
Very nice present for my girlfriend's daughter
Perfect for Dino lovers!  This is such an adorable dinosaur. My daughter is a dino lover and loves the more feminine color. Its even better in person and so soft. The dino spikes are like a suede material and it is very well made. We are thrilled with this purchase!
Very cute perfect size  This was a Christmas gift for my grandson. He loved it. He usually keeps stuff at my house to have for when he is here, not this it went home with him!
Perfect.  It looks just like the one from Naruto and it fits a lot in it. Cash and change.
who has loved My Neighbor Totoro since he was a kid  This was a gift to our son, who has loved My Neighbor Totoro since he was a kid, and is now a background artist for an animation company, due to his childhood love of quality cartoons.  Solidly sewn & sturdy.
it won't hang right like the picture without a heavier material  Cute. I'm replacing the ribbon string that was included, it won't hang right like the picture without a heavier material.
Great!
Peter Rabbit - Plush Animal  An adorable stuffed animal to go along with the book.  Our local library raffles baskets of things to help raise money for building upgrades. The theme of my basket is "Peter Rabbit," and I know this stuffed animal is going to be a big hit and help sell the basket.  Peter is new and came in a box encased in plastic.  I highly recommend this vendor.
For the love of trolls  My granddaughter loved her troll
My Finest Tripod  This won't be a long review.  This tripod is made of very high quality parts and I have never had a single issue with it under any conditions. It is light but still has significant weight. It is incredibly rigid and strong.  I love that you can pull-up the center stem and and angle it separately. From there you can rotate the stem like a swing arm to get really cool moving shots (video). All movement on this tripod is silky smooth.  You know what, I just love everything about this tripod. If you want a larger, finer, carbon tripod. Get this. It is great and it comes with a very nice carrying case.
Very happy with purchase.
Birthday Gift  Its a great birthday gift for a Girlfriend, Boyfriend, or even just a regular friend! Pokemon is something that everyone can enjoy.
Great Genuine Tomy Eevee Plush!  <div id="video-block-R2EWS1NCPZEF6D" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1UhtCr-54S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81BJfFOqqLS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Ordered directly from Amazon.com and it was everything I expected.
Wonderful  This bear is super cute! I love the fact he talks and it is personalized. I would definately recommend. Price was great too!
Pikachuuuuuu  Cute cute cute
Daughter loves it.
Very nice item
this was a good buy for all dbz fans it look cool 
looks like the picture  she is soft and cute. goes with my grandsons mario collection. she does have a string attached to her head with a small suction cup i guess if you want to hang her up. bright colors.
My Daughter Loved it. A very honorable company  My Daughter Loved it. A very honorable company. I did give negative feedback because of the length of time it took to deliver. They quickly responded and really care about their product. I was very impressed with the customer service and the doll is adorable. For those complaining about the size. Forget that. The size is great and like I said my daughter LOVED it.
She's so adorable! There was no problem with shipping or anything at all.
very cute toy  This is such a cute plush toy. My son loved it as well! :) the size and description was very detailed and it was exactly what I was promised and received right on time.
Best photography assistant ever  Purchased hank as an addition to my photography equipment! He is bright and colorful and really helps give children a place to focus and brings out the smiles and giggles! Best photography assistant ever!
Perfect product.  Arrived as promised.  Perfect product.
How cute is he!  My 18 month  old granddaughter loves Gru!  This doll came earlier than the minion doll and she slept with him for naps and nighttime.  The scarf didn't last long and.his arms and legs stitched tight were freed pretty quickly by her tugging at them.  Probably needed to snip them loose at the beginning of use.  Now her Mom wants another doll as a back-up. When the "Mimion" movie comes out in 2014 we'll need a new Gru.  He' very well loved!,
This rabbit is adorable.  So perfect for spring.
Adorable and worth the money!
Adorable  We picked one of these up at a Target and carried around on errands all day. When we got home we knew we had to get them for the kids. These dolls are adorable, their heads bob up and down when they "speak" and they are so soft. Love it :)
Great Doll  This is just what we were looking for in a cookie monster doll! Order this, you will be pleased! My one year old loves him!
bigger and better than expected with super fast shipping
Awesome!!! My kids loved it!!!
Must-Have  My son loves the gruffalo.  I got him all the animals and he can't decide which he likes more, the big one or this one.  If you have the big one, I suggest getting this one as well - it's much more portable and works great when he wants the big one but can't carry it where we're going.
A satisfied 2 year old and her daddy.  My daughter loves this doll.  Good quality, shipping and value.
5 Stars on Item, 0 Stars on Cost.  Hi  I like the item itself- it's very cute, and my daughter LOVES it.  What I don't like-there was a manufacturer's price tag on the item for $19.99.  Can I get a refund of any amount charged over this price?  Thank you.
My almost 2 year old loves this!  I was hesitant to spend this much, but definitely worth it!
loved this
Very cute  This was a gift that was a big hit, it is very cute and just as pictured.  It is very soft and cuddly.
charmander  [perfect for my sons grasp!
Konan!  I love Konan and when I got this figure I found it very nicely painted! There was no overlapping of paint and it was just a very great figure!
This was a gift for a friend, this item is good quality and has maintained it's soft plush after having it for nearly a month.
Great!!!  Great design and great quality !!!! Love it !!!!
Great color!
Olay Age Defying Body Lotion  I love this product. It is simply wonderful. It is becoming harder to find this product in the local stores...I am trying to find more so I can stock up.
Cute and cuddly.  My son loves platypuses (platypi?) and this stuffed version was a big hit! It is cute, soft, and well-made. A good quality item, and fun because it is unusual.
Happy  A nice addition to the birthday present.  Itty Bitty Boo was a hit. Pleased with product, shipping, and packaging.
ADORABLE  TOO CUTE
My son loves it!
Cute Little Hank Tsum to go with my set
Perfect plush from a great Pixar movie.
Trendy and Cute  Perfect size plush animals to keep in a diaper bag, stroller or car seat. We currently have Penny the Piggy and Belle the Cow and they have been washed several times and still look like new.
Great toy for Teaching Time!  I love this toy! My son is 7 months old and very advanced. He loves the music, responds to Cody when he uses his name, and is delighted by the glowing heart. The lullaby "foot" is great for getting him to sleep at naptime. It was easy to program with his favorite colors, toy, and foods. We're about to go on a plane ride and there's a story that introduces the concept to him. It even tells him they might get to have apricots (favorite food) on the plane! Later on, we'll be able to sync it with the time on our computer when we get to Japan and help him get back on schedule. It says different things depending on what the time of day happens to be. Good morning, Good afternoon, Snacktime, and Good Night! Also, we set it up to remember Mother's Day as an important holiday and the bear slowly counts down from months to weeks to days. Best money I ever spent on an excellent companion bear!
My daughter loves it
A favorite in this house  Both our Kids one and three years old LOVE these buckets. They play with them just about every day. They are sturdy, fun, educational and affordable. A great purchase, highly recommended.
Office wall.
This doll was a very good surpise!  She is cute, well made, and worth the money!
Durable!  My son loves woody and this is perfect. Its all plush and very sturdy for him and his 1 year old sister.
reason to smile.  Love it. I am a 64 yr old woman with terminal liver cancer and am collecting them because they make me smile.
it was so so so so nice.
Really cute and well made
Grandson loves them  Grandson loves to play with these
It looks better than the fake ones
Wonderful!  My son got this for C'mas - and it was a triple play. First, he loves Star Wars - especially Chewbacca. Second - he Loves Angry Birds Star Wars edition (surprise!) - and third,it is ball-shaped which makes it something he can throw at his sister. It was a huge hit.
she is just gorgeous
GREAT DOLL  MY DAUGHTERS LOVE THIS ENTIRE LINE OF DOLLS (2 AND 3 YEARS OLD).  THEY ARE SOFT AND DURABLE WITH NOTHING FOR THE DOGS TO CHEW UP, UNLIKE BARBIE DOLLS.
Adorable!
Great  I bought this and Woody for my grandson (21 months old). He loves the Toy Story movies and I can't wait to see his face when he sees these.
Good buy  Very well made, appropriately scary for a five-year-old.
soothing in hot climate  the dogs like it - coat smells good
My 2 year old loves paw patrol  My 2 year old loves paw patrol
love this  My grand-daughter loves her owl.......snuggled it so much the "who-who" stopped working!  This is our second owl.  He's soft and wonderful..just the right size.
We love Elsa!  It's exactly what you expect - very well made doll. My girl is Frozen obsessed (aren't they all?) and got this as her potty-training completion present. She loves her!
My daughter loves this thing more than life itself!
These are absolutely beautiful dolls. Very soft  These are absolutely beautiful dolls. Very soft, detailed, and very light weight. We just received them but they appear well made. They are prettier in person.
super cute and good quality!
SO REAL LOOKS LIKE HE SHOULD WALK OVER TO ME  A LITTLE GEM - SO ADORABLE AND LIFE LIKE
Great plush  The plush is actually smaller than it looks in the picture. Still a great addition to any Pokemon fan's plush collection or if Flareon is your favorite Pokemon.
"Amazon Verified Purchase"  My 6 yr old grand-daughter loves this!  My grand-daughter is going through a Zombie phase and wanted a Zombie doll.  I found this on Amazon and ordered it for her. She loves it! It is actually kind of cute for a Zombie, LOL  and she sleeps with it.
Black Ice Bat is perfect companion for 3 year old!  My baby brother who is three wanted an Ugly Doll very badly after fighting his six year old brother for his Ice Bat (Blue).  So, he finally got it.  You'd think that the Black Ice Bat wasn't just a stuffed toy, but an action figure as well.  Not only does the bat bring fun as an animal, but apparently as a spaceship and plane as well!  The only problem we've had is finding it occasionally when it's on the black couch.  Apparently it has a stealth mode that we didn't know about.  We know from experience that the Ugly Dolls are durable as far as play goes along with washing.  We just throw them right in the washing machine and then in the dryer.  Maybe fluff for a minute and then hand it right over.  I would definitely recommend this toy to anyone with a boy or girl!
So I was very happy with my purchase  This was the very Curious George that I wanted.  So I was very happy with my purchase.
Son loves it  very cute, made my 8 year old nutcracker fanatic extremely happy on Christmas day
Strongly recommend it for all small Peppa pig fans. I use them for potty training tools.  Got this in about 2 weeks time.  They are absolutely adorable! It is definitely not original Ty beanies but good enough for my 2 y/o son.  Best price online.  Good craftsmanship.  I know some reviews say otherwise but I have no problem with it.  They are nicely made.  Color is just as shown in picture, not dark pink like I saw on other sites.  There are no keychain attached to the top of their heads but they do have a tiny loop that you can hook it up to something if you want. I use them as potty training tools.  My son only gets to play with it when he is sitting on potty.  He now actually looks forward to sit on potty so he can play with them.
A MUST FOR DEVELOPING MOTOR SKILLS  Can't wait to see our soon to be one year old great grandson playing with it, while at the same time, developing certain skills
Better than expected.  The Croagunk plushie shown in the photo given has a scratchy cheap looking fabric. The plushie I received had a very nice, sturdy but soft fabric to it. I was very pleased with this. I highly recommend this plushie to any Pokemon collector!
Great quality for the price. Really looks like what you'd expect.  Awesome toy. For the price, you couldn't ask for better quality. The kid I bought it for takes it EVERYWHERE and even sleeps with it, and it's held up for 6 months now.
So cute! Got this for my halloween costume :D
Plush Ludo is adorable! A perfect gift for the Labyrinth/Ludo fan.
This is perfect addition to my tsum tsum collection!
cool  seach for sunflower song on youtube
Very good condition  Came in good condition. Looks great
Great size. My 2 year old loves it.
Shipped fast good toy.
Great toy! Bigger than I anticipated  Great toy!  Bigger than I anticipated. Arrived on time.
very nice toy! My daughter loves it!
Adorable and well made.  A good size for squeezing and hugging.
a favorite of my toddler  a favorite of my toddler, she can't sleep without daniel.  like the optional turn off the talking and then he just sings goodnight.
THANKS
Great
Perfect!  The Doctor Who tardis is well made, the sound quality is surprisingly perfect! I can't believe I didn't buy this sooner. The only thing is that my 5-year-old won't let go of it because it is so fun.
These were bigger than expected in a good way. Son loves playing with these and they are very durable considering, he likes to break things. Arrived very fast just in time for his birthday!
Adorable jus like a live one  at a distance
Cute and perfectly tiny  Adorable, and fits nicely in my purse (for those times when I just need a possum on the go).
Satisfied with Purchase  Received when promised and quality was good.  Happy customer.
Wonderful product. Highly recommended  Disney Plush Toys are all them well made and this one is not the exception. Wonderful product. Highly recommended.
Great FNAF plushys!  I was looking for the FNAF plush characters to purchase as a gift.  They were pretty expensive, so I started looking at the "fake" ones that are all over the computer.  After comparing the knock offs to the Licensed ones, the decision was made.  The colors, packaging, quality were so much better.  I found them on Amazon where I received two along with 2 dog tags for the price of one on other sites.  He was so excited to get them and they do look great!  He especially liked Foxy!
Just as advertised  Excellent Quality. Highly recommended!
Adorable and awesome!
Good product, but shipping took 30+ days.
Sister loved it, best gift i ever gave
It's a perfect size and my daughter loves it  Authentic plush Disney dumbo. It's a perfect size and my daughter loves it.
Good quality
Just great!!
The doll is beautiful and well made.
It was what I expected
Very happy with it  My 20 month old loves it!! Usually when you try to replace the real thing with a toy it does not work but this toy did!! Very happy with it.
Adorable!  Absolutely adorable!  The family is expecting a new grandchild and are debating if it is a boy or girl.  This will work for either and is just so cute with it's little beanie hat and sweet sleepy face.  Extremely well-made.  If all of Living Textiles products are like this, this will not be my last purchase!
We love it!  So soft!!!! We love it!!!!
cuter than I thought
Beautiful & Well-Made!
his fur is really soft and the tiny details on his face and paws to simulate whiskers and his toes is a nice touch. I'm really g  I was impressed with the quality of this plush Corgi,  his fur is really soft and the tiny details on his face and paws to simulate whiskers and his toes is a nice touch.  I'm really glad I added him to my growing collection of plush Corgi's.
Super fast delivery  Exactly as described. Super fast delivery.
perfect  My nephew loves this!
Good fine motor toy  Exceeds my expectations and entertains my little ones who have challenges with their fine motor skills in a fun way that keeps them engaged.
very satisfied  My kids have recently become obsessed with Mario plushies, which is apparently a thing. When my son said the only thing he wanted for Christmas was to have all the Koopa kid plushes, I thought he was going to have a very disappointing holiday. Very happy to have found this, and as far as I can tell the price can't be beat. They seem to be good quality, arrived quickly, and look genuine.
Awesome!!!  Item was better than described, perfect
My grandson will love it
Fun toy  Just what she wanted
Well Constructed  My granddaughter is a huge Poppy fan. She loves this doll! Well constructed and appropriate for toddlers.
The suitcase with the shirts and book was a great addition.
a
New features, New characters  The v4, the newest american tamagotchi, is much like its previous japanese counterparts, the entama and uratama. This tamagotchi goes to school, interviews for jobs, and then has a career. Each career has its own game, so there are many more games on this tama than the v3. There is also a mail icon that flashes when your tama gets mail. [...]
So plush & soft
Perfect
Made my daughter very happy! Boots and Dora have gone everywhere with her lately. The product is very well made and strudy enough to survive a toddler.
Best By Far.  I've never been so impressed by a power tool as to write a review. I've owned and heavily used many of the mainstream cordless drill / drivers over the years, none of which come into the same class as my Panasonic EY64. I agree with other reviewers about the torque at low revs - amazing! Superbly balanced, compact, incredible power to weight ratio - how do they do it ? Add to this the NiMH 3.0 ah batteries and you've got a 1st class product here. To anyone who cares - just buy one, if you're an amatuer or pro (like me )you can't go wrong here. Last thing, there is a compartment for a 50mm driver bit underneath the drill housing, you will see it when you remove the battery.
Cute gift
Super Mario character  Very cute.  My son loves this little guy!  Soft and cuddly.  Perfect little gift for the Super Mario Bros. lover!
Cute!  Great quality. The kids love it and several months later it is still holding up just fine. Any good fan of this show/series should love this.
Great.  Got this for a little girl for her first Christmas. She loves it!
Our granddaughter loved this
Plush and Great size  The correct size and Look.  Very Happy
It's given her weeks of fun so far  Our daughter (18 months old) loves this toy!  It's given her weeks of fun so far.  It has a variety of buckle shapes which make is more interesting and challenging.  She can buckle about half of the buckles on her own so far.
Love it
Cute  Great addition to our Frozen family. Our son received this for his birthday. It's tightly constructed so you'd have to really pull on him for it to fall apart. Lots of cute Olaf voiced phrases.
Good Quality  Purchased for my son to give to his girlfriend for Christmas.  Average and official looking plush, nothing special or outstanding about it.  Item was packaged well and there were no issues.
adorable 5 inch plush Kodama  I absolutely adore Kodama ^^ , and this is quite the cute little plush .. it isn't teddy bear sized , but knowing how to convert centimeters to inches I wasn't expecting it to be  Lizbet
shotty work very Little stuffing  shotty work very Little stuffing
The perfect companion for any little girl who loves Rapunzel  I recently purchased this plush Pascal for my daughter (3 y.o.).  Rapunzel is her favorite princess and when she would dress up in her Rapunzel dress, she used a little frog to substitute as Pascal.  She was so excited on her birthday to open up her very own Pascal.  She walks around with him on her shoulder.  The figure is good quality and made well.  She loves the shiny touch to make Pascal's scales look realistic.  I loved it so much, I got a 2nd one as a back-up.
Good quality product. Came on time.
Great buy  Granddaughter loves it. Great purchase for a plush doll
Great.  Great shape. Happy with purchase.
nice! my son is pleased!
Perfect.  What a great set! Thank you for shipping quickly!
Very round  If you want to have a spider-man who let himself go you need this for your beanie collection. He ate too many pizzas
Love this giraffe.  This is like my favourite giraffe ever. The material is good quality and looks just like the picture when it got to my house. I like crazy colours but I love that this giraffe has a somewhat realistic appearance rather than a cartoonish one. Now if only the same giraffe came in the colour teal, my life would be perfect.
"Z" Bender pliars  In the pictures it looks flat and cheap but it is not. It is very high quality, heavy duty and bends a perfect "Z" in a throttle or choke cable wire -- very nice!
He's awesome!  Love him!
Jack plush  Perfect little plush doll just as pictured. Thank you
Grandson loved adding this toy to his collection thank you 
Christmas Present  My husband bought this for me for Christmas--I teach Biology, so these are perfect for my lessons, and the kids love them!  I think they're all adorable...as plush microbes only! :-)
Fast  Thank you so much!
students love them  I have a poster with C. elegans and some of its uses in genetics studies in my classroom. My students never noticed it until I brought in this toy.
my daughter seems to love it. she is 4 months  just what I expected. SO cute, my daughter seems to love it. she is 4 months, and we plan on teaching her Russian, since I am Russian and hubby is Italian. (sings just like the original cartoon from my childhood!)
Just as described.  Daughter loves it.
My son loves his "Gigi"  My son loves this guy. We're on our second one. They are really soft and are fine to throw in the washer.
Cute Pokemon  This is a cute and soft Pokemon.  Fast shipping.  It was a lot bigger than I expected. Makes a great snuggle friend!
Good  There are so cool love Star Wars and angry birds :) looking forward to more of them coming out yeah
Gift
Grandson loved him!!
THE BEST!
Loved the Sven
My niece collects Pokemon plush animals. She loves them all.
Super cute! I love it!
This is the one  Estuve buscando por casi 6 meses un rocket para mi sobrino que tiene 2 aos y medio y le gusta mucho los little einsteins, cuando abri la caja me quede solprendida con el tamao de juguete, mucho mas grande de lo que me inmagine, la calidad exelente, precioso, al nio le encanto , no para de jugar con el, muchas gracias, estoy muy complacida con este rocket, se lo recomiendo a todos lo que les gusta este animado.
so cute...  Really cute.. Grandaughter will love. It looks like what was pictured..
great product
great item.  good quality.
I loved it.  I used this plush toy to ask out this girl at my school (It worked). She loved it so much, that she said yes. The actual product itself, is great. The time it took to ship, was also amazing. It only took about three or four days to get here (I expected about a week). Once again, thanks. I really loved this, and it got me my girlfriend.
Friend!
A+ everything. On-time, product was mint condition, and everything described.
my daughter loves paw patrol and we cant find these in stores
The best Charmander plush EVER  The best Charmander plush EVER! Don't buy any other brand toy- we did and it was such crappy quality. Tomy doesn't ever disappoint!
Very nice!
Sasuke Plush!!!  Ped&iacute; este mu&ntilde;eco v&iacute;a internet, me gust&oacute; bastante.  El empaque es de buena calidad ya que lo protegi&oacute; tambi&eacute;n desde Miami a mi Pa&iacute;s (Guatemala).  Le ha gustado a todos los que lo han visto, sean o no fan&aacute;ticos de Naruto o el anime.  Regalo muy recomendable.
Great purchase  I bought Oh and a talking Shmeck my grandsons love them both very much. These are good quality and work great. Thank you
SUPER fast shipping  Cute. Plush. SUPER fast shipping.
fast delivery will buy again
It was a short shipment and it was soft official tag
THE PRODUCT IS SUPER DUPER EXPENSIVE FOR A PLUSH BUT HONESTLY WORTH EVERY SINGLE CENT!!!!!!  It is awesomely awesome. I LOVE IT! It is such a cutiepie haha I would say that this is my favorite plush that I've ever got the chance to own in my whole life. Totoro is awesome. This is 100% REAL/LEGIT, not a bootleg at all like a lot of other Totoro plushies out there!! It is expensive for sure, though I feel that it is way worth the money if your a huge fan of Totoro like myself. I am even thinking about buying a 2nd one of these plushies, I LOVE IT THAT MUCH. Sun Arrow makes good plushies with nice materials. My Totoro plush will last for years and years to come I can tell. The plush is HUGE in size, it's pretty huggable!! The plush is pretty expensive because of it's size/materials/brand and the fact that it is from Japan. The price is pretty fair. My room is filled with Japanese/anime/manga stuff, but this big adorable plush is one of my favorite things in my whole room!!!!!!
For fans of the book  Just as pictured. A little pricey, but it's the best you can get.
Perfect Keepsake for a Christening  I recently purchased this for my baby granddaughter as a special remembrance of her Christening day. I was so pleased when it arrived, it was so cuddly and soft with a beautiful bow and a satin embroidered cross on the lambs paw. That was an extremely special touch. My daughter in law loved it and used it in several pictures to remember her daughters special day. Unlike a picture frame or a plaque this was a unique gift without being overly religious. It was very appropriate for their Christian family with no specific faith being expressed. No doubt I would definitely purchase another if our family shares in another Christening.
Great toy!
Kids love it  My kids love this thing, they were obsessed with the Despicable Me and wanted Minions of their own, I got a pair of these for them.
Exactly what we wanted!  This product arrived on time, and was exactly what our son wanted for Christmas! Thank you!
Purchased this for my son that wanted an Olaf and he loves it and when you squeeze it, he talks.
Awesome  OMGI LOVE Rilakkuma
very good  18 months is the age of buckle exploration. It meets our daughters needs and keeps her occupied!
Dalek  Nice construction and the voice is right on, great "Exterminate" my Husband loved it, is having lots of fun with it at work!
Perfect love!  Ordered it for a young man to give his girlfriend and they both loved it! It was her favorite little animal and just the right size that she could carry with her. Perfect!
Sweet Lil' Sylveon!   This Tomy Sylveon plushie is excellent in so many ways. Not only is it insanely adorable and accurately designed, but it is also purrfect for both cuddling and taking with you on adventures! I highly recommend it to all children who love Pok&eacute;mon.  This Sylveon is high-quality, colourful (pure snowy white, gentle pink, and blue), very durable and stuffed moderately firmly, yet it is definitely soft enough to cuddle and hug. Take Sylveon on adventures with you by day, and snuggle with it as you drift to sleep at night. It is indeed about 9-10 inches tall if you count the long bunny-ears (measured it myself), and it is a convenient portable size, so you can tuck it into your bag or backpack and take it anywhere with you. It is lightweight, made of smooth polyester that is easily washable. It is in a sitting position, and can stand on its own. It has long ribbons wrapped around its body and curling around its charmingly big ears. It has a sweet grinning catlike face with a tiny black nose, a very short muzzle, and big round cyan-blue eyes. Its legs and paws are small, slim, and dainty, and it has a pink crescent-shaped tail that curls upward slightly.  This Sylveon plush is a lovely gift for Pok&eacute;mon-loving children of all ages to play with and hug, and can also be a very nice collectible toy.  I got my Lil' Sylveon from Walmart for $10, and she was flawless -- no floppy ears, no deformities. I recommend trying to find this plush at a local toy store, Walmart, or Hot Topic, if you can. Otherwise, you might end up falling victim to internet price-gougers who double and triple the original retail price.  (Note: This toy is identical to the Japan TakaraTomy small Sylveon plush, but much less expensive.)
Awesome gift...daughter loves it!!
I love it! My baby is crazy about it  This Sven is Spectacular!! I love it! My baby is crazy about it!
Gift for my daughter. She loves it. Really cute.
His feet are a little harder than I'd hoped, but otherwise he's exactly the right size and softness.
Super soft plush  This is the cutest softest plush ever! Sure to make any child happy, although when he arrived he was wrapped in a plastic bag, that had tape wrapped around the neck, like some's idea of sick torture joke.
It's great I loved it
Na  Excelent toy our baby was so happy.
Very happy  The girlfriend, who collects Peanuts stuff wanted a plush doll for her bed.  Never saw a grown woman so happy to receive a doll.
Perfect add on for my daughter!
looks to be great quality
Love !
Looks just like the picture  Bought it for my friend and the little boy loves it! Looks just like the picture.
Box slightly dented on one corner but product is perfect! Didn't purchase this item for the box so I can live with that.
So cute!!!  It is sooo soft and so cute. We are big followers of Boo at my job.  Great gift for the co-workers!
Good to  It's a Domo plush. Hasn't fallen apart yet. Good to go
Love it!  I love everything about this Anna (& the Elsa) from Just Play. They seem really sturdy, they are a great size, and the face is much sweeter than what I could tell of the soft embroidered ones. Highly recommended :)
3 yr old daughter LOVED it!
Love it!  My teenage daughter loves Stitch.  This Angel doll fits well with the Stitch doll she has and she loves it!
My daughter loved her big rainbow peep!  It was a huge hit!
Great!  Bigger than I expected which is a bonus.  My son loves and the eyes glow when head tapped as described,
So Cute!  This cute little bunny is very well made and soft. My daughter loved it. She has a real rabbit that closely resembles this one, and she loves having a stuffed version that can travel around with her.
Grandson that broke his arm loves his monkey
Adorable.  Exactly as pictured with the open mouth. Adorable.
shoes  my grandson dearly loves these slippers,didnt really think they would do what they were suppose to do but they did
Win!  My daughter sleeps with it every night! Her new favorite toy. She just loves her Sailor Moon toys. Thank you again!
I bought it for my granddaughter and she just loves it. It is light weight so she can carry it around with no troubles. She likes to hold onto it while she watches her Lorax movie.
very good
and good quality  my daughter loves it arrived quickly, and good quality
Best baby toy ever!  Sweetest little cow ever!  This pretty little thing is so small, and soft, that a baby 3-6 months old will have no problem playing with it. It is soft as a feather, with no chemical smell as it is an organic product. Beautiful and muted tones, perfect for the little one! Shades of yellow, smoky blue and soft pink make it appropriate for either sex, in this mum's opinion. Just darling!
Very cute and soft pokemon plush. Must-buy for any Pokemon Fan.
This guy is my sons favorite zombie. He's pretty high quality - plastic eyes rather than fabric and pretty decent clothes. He loves him. Success!
Cute!  This is *so* cute! Granddaughter likes the Llama Llama Red Pajamas book and she loves this doll.
Big and beautiful  Big, beautiful and oh so cozy.  My daughter received this from Santa this year and sleeps with it every night.  A wonderful gift for the unicorn lover in your life.
Looks like expected.  Very cute. Looks like expected.
Perfect gift.  Awesome it was a gift an I received it on time. The product is exactly as describe. No complaint.
Don't listen to me!  Total bull! He doesn't shrink or grow! What a rip! Just kidding, cute as a bug and great, fast sipping!
A high quality plush. A must-have for Arcanine fans!  As is noted on other reviews, the stripes are actually patterned in the material, not stuck on or colored. The level of detail is amazing. The crook in his tail is there, the mane has individual groupings of fur to make it fluff. He even has paw pads!
A great addition to anyone's collection.  I got this cute little fellow for Easter, and absolutely love him. I'm a big Luigi fan, and he is a great addition to my collection. He is super soft and very cuddly.
Perfect toy.  Loves buckling and unbuckling. Perfect toy.
An Elmo fan  As always, Elmo is a hit.
This was a gift for a 5 year old boy who LOVES Perry!  He loved it!  It is cute and cuddly and makes a "chattering" sound just like he does on the show.  Great buy!
Perfect size super cute!!  Got this for my step son he wanted one to match his sisters peppa pig can't wait to give it to him it's perfect!
So soft, and much larger than we thought it would be.
love it.  Mouth moves and there is a place to put fingers for arms to move.  You either move mouth or arms...love it.. is so cute..  Fast shipping
The best plush for people 1 to 100!!  It is perfect, SOOO cuddly.if you love pokemon (if you don't like pokemon you are a MONSTER!).
LUV U GIANT BABY PIPLUP !!!  Cute, plush, cuddly, and BIG! I love Piplup!!! Makes me so happy. Very nice quality fur. My daughters love her!
Soft and Cute  Super cute plush. It's soft and perfectly safe for babies. Can't wait to give it to my nephew!!
Love it Laboon's so cute and plushie and lovable. Thank you
We love this toy!!  I keep buying more of the toys from this series because my special needs daughter loves them and absolutely cannot get enough of them. The music/voice box comes out and it washed well in the machine. Love love love these toys!
Perfect love it thank you, the price was reasonable for it's size, I would highly recommend this.
18 month old loves it. Now if I could just teach her to unbuckle...
Perfect for my Misty  Cosplay,  bigger than expected which is a plus.
Perfect!!  Great quality plushie.  Very well made, very soft!!  Also, it's a legit reproduction, so I'm told.  Worth the high price for the officially licensed plushie.
She feels like suede and is about the length of a sheet of paper.  Brenda fits perfectly into a purse and has a very nice mouth.  My grand daughter loves her dearly.
Great product!  It is just what I had asked for to complete the project  Great product!  It is just what I had asked for to complete the project
AWESOME  Bought this toy for my 2 year old grand daughters,(actually bought 2)They love this. It has fast become their favorite toy.
Top 'Notch' ;)  Official stuff. :) Came in a perfect, minecraft box as if it were on a shelf.  Way more than I expected.  Great job.
good product
Son loves it  Son, 8, loves Minecraft and with his sister having so many stuffies these fit the bill for a young boy looking for stuffies of his own.  Each one is small enough to allow him to carry with him or stack alongside the others in his room.  So far they seem durable enough for day to day amuse of a child.
Arrived as promised
Wonderful little blanket toy for children to sleep with  Bought this for my granddaughter, she loved it.  Would recommend this product, well worth the money
My daughter is 5 years old and she loves her "sister" unicorns! SO cute!
grandson loved them
Happy grandbaby  Oh he loves his  barney every morning he has to watch him. It's my grandsons favorite character well, for right now. Thanks amazon.
Very soft and lovable!  Great granddaughter very pleased with her Winnie the Pooh.
Loved it!
Favorite and 2nd oldest!  I had this plush for over four years. I remember the smile on my face when I got him. I still have him now he is my favorite and 2nd oldest plush out of all my plushies! Very well made and durable:)
My daughter loves it!
My Grandson is a Kirby fan and dearly loves this plushie.
Daughters soon to be best friend!  I love t his doll. They named her Emmaloo but we call her LaLa. My daughter is only 6mo old and her face lights up every time I giver her LaLa! I am sure this doll will be her bedtime lovie!
Great toy for Toddler fun & teaching fine motor skill.
Very cute  Beyond cute!! Great soft item.
Dope  Soft smalller than expected but i never check dimensions,  cant knock a star for my own gross negligence
Super good quality and really soft  Super good quality and really soft. I use it for PTSD recovery when I am having an attack it feels just like the weight of my pet on my shoulder, and very soft. It's also adorable.
Thanks for creating such a cute mermaid! Hope to see a tan and orange version.  Super cute, looks just like the picture. I love that it has yarn hair that won't get all tangled like Barbie hair. Nice and metallic teal, cute and soft. My 5 year old is so happy! I would gladly purchase this again. Highly recommend for young girls and mermaid fans. I ordered this product at a slight discount in exchange for my review.
So... SOFT
Bought it as a present and my little brother loved it
VOODOO DOLL  This was a joke gift. I couldn't have scripted a better reaction!!! Very funny.(no disrespect meant to anyone about this)
Loved it
Received it very timely, it is small but fits with my sons zombie.
great price
Great little toy but I accidentally dropped it in an incinerator.
My grandson adored it.
Very pleased!  Thanks so much!!  God Bless You!!!
Perfect size for my 2 year old to take with her in the car. Great product.
cute!  This stuffed animal is so cute!
awesome
the best!!!  huge and cuddly!! very nice ^^
my grand=daughter loved it!  Well constructed, arrived in plenty of time and... my grand=daughter loved it!
I like this Doll.  I bought it for my daughter.  She loves it.
Cute and cuddly.
A new friend  I gave this doll to my grandson for Christmas.  He really likes Robin Hood, so he was really happy to receive this doll.  When he reads Robin Hood he sets the doll beside him.
Thank you!
absolute perfection  this was absolute perfection for a sailor moon plushie. I absolutely love it and i know everyone else will too.
Grandson loves it!!!
It actually looks like the picture
Perfect  We got this princess as an addition to our growing plush mario bros family.  She is a perfect addition.  Same size and stature as the other Nintendo characters previously purchased
I think this bear has brought more smiles then money could buy.
great price for the size. facial markings were spot on and the overall quality is great!
Just as expected!
tyvm
Love it
Perfect gift for Sloth Lovers  The built quality is very good and a good size to hand in the closet door or to sleep with it.  The colors are very accurate to the ones on the picture and it's a really cute gift for anybody that's a sloth fan.  I gave it to my girlfriend and she totally loved it #ThankYouAmazon
So cute!  I'm completely satisfied with this product for the price that I paid and my daughter absolutely loves it. Thanks so much!
Took our toddler on an airplane and this was great for distraction  Took our toddler on an airplane and this was great for distraction...I was hesitant to take it on the plane as it is pretty big but I was glad we did. It also stuffs into a bag pretty well.
This is the one thing my daughter asked for for Christmas.  It's well made.
Very nice.
Great quality!  My daughter loved this!  Was more money than I'd usually spend on a " stuffed animal" but I'm so glad I did! It is excellently made and my daughter adored it!!
Classic, soft Elmo  Soft and snuggly. My granddaughter loves Elmo, however I was forbidden to get one that talks, wants tickled, dances, etc. I was happy to find a classic, soft Gund stuffed Elmo that is well made and lovable. Being Gund, it holds up to a young child's "love" quite well!
His ear was perfect for me  Overpriced... yeah a little. But he's also sold out everywhere else and with Christmas coming I paid the price. His ear was perfect for me, I actually bought all the pups and there all perfect. My four year old is going to be thrilled.
Cute!  Super cute and my son loved it!
Perfect addition to any Paw Patrol fan  Daughter loves it!! Perfect addition to any Paw Patrol fan!
Too happy with the product
Very well made.
Great Goku Plush  Just got mines today and well i got it for my girlfriend for mothers day but she will love it she likes dragonball z and goku plush is cute to her so i got it for her <3 looks great
My kid loves it  My kid loves it, what more can be said.
Love it!  Very soft and cuddly! Actual face is cuter than the one in the stock photo preview :)
Cookie!  This will be a fan favorite. Perfect size for a baby/toddler
So cute, bought to add to my granddaughters collection.
A fantastic item at a great price. Simply just love this.
but really nice plush materials  This was for my grandsons birthday and he absolutely went crazy for them. They are bigger than you think, but really nice plush materials.
Perfect!  Perfect love it
Looks real  Is the cutest and looks like a real one.
Soft and cute. Perfect  So soft!!! Also, since it's on the smaller side, it doesn't take up a lot of room. With a toddler who has lots of stuffed animals already, that was nice. She hasn't played with it yet, because I bought him REALLY early for her birthday in February. I know 100% that she will love him though! :)
Delightful toy for the younger kids.  My grandson loves this you. This is the second one. Washes very nicr
A great gift for Pokemon Lovers.  My son loved this! Super-cute and a very nice size.
Love  My child loves this toy & so do I. Great buy especially at this price. Thank you
Stocking Stuffer  This was a Christmas stocking stuffer & my daughter loved it. She's an avid ugly doll collector & she was pleased.
what a cute dol!  This little doll is so cute. My nephew sleeps with him every night. He loves Elmo and I know he loves this doll! Cute sounds and music is sweet.
Great quality  My son loves this dino. He calls it his robot triceratops. Very well made and a great price. Highly recommend.
Cute and great quality
Awesome!  Not the lowest price, but it is pretty low, shipped quickly, great quality, very durable, and very soft. Great for kids who love mario and friends.
Came as promised and my son is very pleased with it!
... excited to find this doll for my daughter who love monster  Honestly I was so excited to find this doll for my daughter who love monster inc
Arrived on time! Perfect condition  The boys loved this all the other star wars,angry birds, and pigs that they received.  Had a blast playing with them!.
daughter loves it.
great value  Granddaughter loved it
My grerat granddaughter loves her big bird
A great daily planner tool.
Super cute.
Got this for my Grandson, he is a Sesame Street fanatic and loves Cookie Monster! It is soft, cute and says a lot of phrases, I especially like his laugh and Famous Song about how he loves cookies!
Very cute toy and not as small as I had thought it would be.
great product for the price.
The students loved the Elf in the classroom  Use this elf for classroom use.  The students loved the Elf in the classroom.  It is a nice size and cute.
I bought this Elmo doll after reading the reviews of the others with eyes that broke and creating a hazard to young children. This Elmo doll was all cloth and great. No worries of hurting my 17 month old grandson. he loves it and goes to sleep with it every night. When I ordered it I thought it might be too big, but it is a perfect size.
Foxy is so soft ^.^  I am very pleased with this Foxy plush. It is so soft and well made. Looks exactly lile the picture and the videogame version. My daughter loves it so much. I ordered it on Nov. 23 and received it Dec. 2 so shipping was quick! Than you!! :D
as expected
So perfect, I am writing my first review in years !  Of all the princesses, my 4 year old LOVES Belle but since it's been a long time since Beauty and the Beast was released, Belle stuff isn't easy to find. Her birthday is coming up and I wanted to get her something special. I was a kid who loved dols and she is beginning to get into the. She loves to sleep with her dolls so i needed something soft. I read the reviews about this doll so I bought it. I recieved it yesterday and it is GORGEOUS !!! I want to give it to her right now just to see her face but I have to wait for her birthday. The stitching is solid. She comes complete with a beautiful yellow dress and her hair is as soft as a puppies ear !! If you have a little princess at home who loves Belle, THIS IS THE ONE !!!
for a smile :)  Had this sent to a friend in Japan I'm glad this put a smile on her face :)
Works as expected
Loved it!
Pokemon center pikachu  I love it. He is so cute and soft.
It Is Small!  Really Soft, Tiny And Cute.
Cutest Caterpillar  My granddaughter LOVES this colorful caterpillar and is totally fascinated with the buckles! A great find and perfect gift!
So cute!  This is a smaller type of plushie. He's soft and cute!! I love it!!
My granddaughter was so excited and happy to receive this....carries it with her everywhere
My niece love these dolls!
Chibi!  This is the cutest plush oh man its super great. mine came with both the silk tag and sailor moon + luna tag, so its absolutely official, i am so happy with it, its like a little prized possesion!
It was loved immediately.  Bought as a gift for my daughter's friend. It was loved immediately.
Small, but soft, cuddly, and cute!  Like other reviewers have said, the Ludo plush is NOT very big, but he's incredibly soft and just plain cute. Considering how hard it is to find Labyrinth merchandise these days (and for a reasonable price as well), I'm pretty happy with him; he will be a welcome addition to my small Labyrinth and stuffed animal collection.
well made & oh so adorable!  I bought the pig & the mouse to accompany the books, "If you give a pig a Pancake" & "If you give a Mouse a Cookie".  Lovely, well made & oh so adorable!
Super soft!
My son loves it!  Very fun
So sweet and very soft. My 2 year old little buddy loves Elmo and this was a big hit.
Quality toy gift in good package condition.
He loves it  My 6 year old is vey happy with this toy. He takes it places with us and keeps it on his bed.
Pleasantly Soft  I liked it.  I'm sure my great great granddaughter will too when she is older.  Not a year old yet.  I just wanted to give her the first doll.  It is so soft she will love it.
My kids love these!
nice and soft  nice soft toy for kids, item as stated and no issues with stiches
Perfect little Elmo for my little girl  This is the perfect size stuffed animal for my daughter. It is very soft and not too huge, still small enough to fit in the diaper bag. She loves it and has been carrying him around everywhere! I've been looking for the perfect Elmo for her and this is it!
So impressed by this! It's an actual Disney toy and not some knock off. The quality is fantastic and the size of the doll  is much bigger than I expected. So happy!
in love!  really cute and a very nice sice as well :)
Fantastic product and quick delivery.
grandson loves it
... a Christmas present for my roommate because it looks like him and he loves sushi more than life  I bought this as a Christmas present for my roommate because it looks like him and he loves sushi more than life. I still see it from time to time lying around the room.
As described
Great kitchenware  I love buying Calphalon from Amazon - it is a great bargain and my growing kitchen benefits greatly.
Yup, you need this.  Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for when my boss goes ballistic almost on a daily basis. Only 6 inches tall though. I'm going to sew some hair and button eyes on it. Plus you can add some more hexed with a sharpie marker. It wears a dress to disguise all his "tattoos" when I carry him around in my purse. You never know when some random stranger needs to be thought a lesson.
Happy  Love the BB-8 :) This is such a cute little plush the kids love it!
FN@Freddy's  Exactly as pictured. Good quality.
very nice  He is our office mascot.  Enough Lets Move On
excellent
Some what worth the price .  My daughter loves them I added two pics they are nice .
... it as a gift for a friend and she loved it.  Got it as a gift for a friend and she loved it.
lovee it ,exellent quality!  I have 4 kids and they  each have one there super soft , realy good quality, and perfect size ... Great plush toy very cute .
Love.  So cute. Love.
Love it!  Extremely pleased with George!
Cute and soft for sleeping  Cute and Soft.
My grandson loves it.  It came sooner than expected and was well made!
Cuddly  My granddaughter loves this hat and wears it nearly every day to school.  It washed beautifully in the washer on cold/medium spin, permanent press cycle.
We bought this for our almost 2 year old granddaughter and she loves it.  This Elmo is the perfect size and weight for her to carry around and play with and soft enough to sleep with. She takes it everywhere. It fits perfectly in her doll highchair and stroller.
Grandson is busy  My 18 month old grandson is pretty obsessed with buckles so I thought he would like this. And he does! He can't quite do them all or undo them so this should last a good amount of time. One of the buckles doesn't hold very well but we kept "Barney" because my grandson is able to undo that one all by himself.
Worth the Money!  I always considered getting a toy like this for my older son, but never did.  Now, my 2nd child is 21 months old and DRIVES ME NUTS with wanting to buckle every thing that has buckles (and, we have a lot of things around since she has a 3 month old baby sister).  So, for the sake of my sanity, I ordered our "buckle bug", as we affectionately call it.  SHE LOVES IT.  She can't undo buckles yet, but it is SO GREAT to satisfy her need to buckle things and to keep her busy when I am trying to feed her baby sister or cook dinner.  The five seconds it takes me to unbuckle it again are totally worth it for how much she enjoys it.  Also, we practice the names of colors when we are matching the two sides of the buckles.  I highly recommend this to people with toddlers who are in this stage!
grandaughter  I purchased this Barney stuff animal for my 2 yr old grandaughter.  She loves Barney and was very happy when we gave it to her.  She sleeps with it and the batteries are holding up very well.  I would recommend this item to anyone who has a Barney lover in their family.  They will enjoy it!
Awesome!  Very large and great!  It's the envy of all the friends. LOL
Perfect!
Fox  Nicest plush toy ever seen. Family loved him for their expecting baby. We also used him as a baby shower decoration.
My mom loves it. Its so cute and soft.
Lots of fun  Fun for both my 5-year old And 2-year old. It only took a few tries for my 2-year old to figure out how to undo the buckles and she loves it!
love it too
Super cute. And soft
Well made  About seven inches from foot to stem; main body about 4 1/4 inches tall.  2 1/2 inches wide at largest point.  Soft, well made, cute details.  Feels like a combination of beans and stuffing inside.  Excellent product.
Very nice granddaughter loves it, well made
... my cousin for his birthday present and he just loved them.  Got them for my cousin for his birthday present and he just loved them.
Great for little ones  My 2.5yo twins LOVED their Belle plush doll and fought over her every time they spotted her. Naturally, we've decided to buy Snow White so they'll each have a plush princess. Now they both want Snow White and Belle is usually forgotten... :(  The twins sometimes dub her as Wonder Woman because of her red, yellow and blue attire topped with her black hair. :D
Perfect Jiji Plush  We are super picky plush collectors and we think this plush is a perfect rendition of Jiji.  The ears could have been a little more lilac, but to heck with that!  Everything else is sublime.  He is soft, well sculpted and sits gracefully.  We just love him.
Costly but worth it  22 month old grand-daughter was thrilled to receive this at Christmas. It's s plush toy like all others. But since she wantted a Paw Patrol animal just like big brother, this one was the specific "girl pup" that would do. Seems to be made well. It's exactly like the Paw Pstrol super heroes stuffed dogs you can get at WalMart for much less. However, our WalMart didn't carry Skye so had to pay much more on Amazon than we paid for the Zuma dog we got in the store.  But getting the character she wanted was worth the extra cost.
A+ Ghost Crab  What a crab! I was delighted by the level of detail in the construction, size, and the high cuddle index. Great crab for beginner or advanced crab snugglers.
Hahahahaha  I love these little mopeez, they are kind of tiny, fit in your hand, but so cute, this one has a few of his tattoos, and his purple glove, On the back of his left arm is another tattoo of "hahahaha", on the back of his right arm are some scratch marks.  Great price.
plush and cuddly
Purchased as a gift for my friend and she LOVED it-I would recommend this one  This is a cute Mini Doughboy with earmuffs magnet; Purchased as a gift for my friend and she LOVED it-I would recommend this one, sealed in bag from Pillsburybury
I love it because pikachu is the best.
Heart warming Troll doll.  Yes it did my 16 year old daughter wanted this for a friend of hers that was very sad, she gave it to her the other day. The girl is now over the moon and loves this doll.
Love him so much!!!
Pascal rocks!!  I have short brown hair and with pascal pinned to the shoulder and my crown that took me 3 days to make, I was a hit at work.  Most of the little kids at the door wanted to pet him BEFORE getting candy!  Thank you.  :)
Just what I expected. Looked very lifelike. Graet quality for a stuffed animal.
As expected.
Gave it to a sweet friend whose 4th Golden had passed recently. She smiled :)!
More Llama Llama  Llama Llama is a hit with my 2 year old great grandson!  He knows the books by heart.  Thank You!
Smaller than I thought but adorable!
Looks even better in person. My three year old loves it!
Adorable toucan!  This little toucan is adorable! Very soft and has great colors. Very well made!
My daughter loves it  Everything was exactly as expected and described.  Identical to what she saw in the Disney store at a fraction of the price.
My granddaughter loves it. I wanted it for her birthday but it got here late. That was ok she loves it
She loved it! Except she wanted to eat it LOL  Got this for my friend's birthday! She loved it! Except she wanted to eat it LOL.
Daughter loves her Sulley
9888776543211
Super Grover  This toy rocks! He soft and cuddly yet he has a box to make him talk. My little nephew just loves him!
Adorable, Granddaughter loves it.
Great doll!  Great plush doll. I bought this as a gift for my friends daughter, she loved it! It is good quality and has a cute touch of sparkle in her hair.
Great gift  Great gift for me And my wife to give our daughter for being in the play seussical jr. Thank you for having this.
Very cute  Very cute.  My granddaughter will love it.  It is for her birthday.  It is small and will fit in her purse.
Excellent!!
too cute
Good for kids  My nephew loves these things.
Charming and kids love it  My daughter loves it! She plays with it, writes to it, asks questions and the next day she finds the answers, she thinks the elf makes tricks on her, and gets excited, very charming toy. All the family has fun with the playfull ideas and tricks we do, and kids enjoy it in Christmas season. Durable and very nicely done with bright colors, it really brightens Christmas season, and keeps kids happy.
My granddaughters LOVED their elf pet  My granddaughters LOVED their elf pet!  I have a Saint Bernard puppy and they love her. They absolutely loved when the elves brought one for each of them!
Granddaughters just love it toy - so does the wife.
Wish these were around when I was three  I got several of these Ugly dolls for my daughter and her teenage friends.  We have Big Toe and Ox.  Ox is a little flatter than Big Toe, which means there's less to hug, but his adorable long ears make up for his lack of huggable girth.
Great Plush  I got this Mario based plush to go with the 5" Angry Bird Star Wars plush as a Christmas gift for my 7 year old and they are going to be a great addition to his collection!!  Very nicely done!
Great construction and service.
Very soft and cuddly!  This version of Pooh is very soft and cuddly.  My two year old really likes it.  We even have tea parties and invite Pooh to them.  Tea with hunny, but nevermind the tea, of course.
Love it
Just what I wanted!  It's perfect! My son loves it!!
Very good!
High Quality Plush  Beautiful plush very good quality not a bad price for what it is. Comes in a cute plastic zipper box. Although it says its 8 inch the box it comes in says its a 3 inch. But other than that its a 5 star worthy plush
I bought this for my two year old nephew for  christmas  .....he loves it!
AWESOME! Just be careful when adjusting the tail  AWESOME! Just be careful when adjusting the tail, the wire over time might break through. I haven't had a problem though.
Perfect size, and love cuddling with it  My grand daughter loves Giraffes, I bought it for her for Christmas, and she just can't put it down. Perfect size, and love cuddling with it.
Super cute, high quality. Very maluable and posable.
Excellent Purchase  I think this was my Grandson's favorite of all Christmas gifts.  He has enjoyed it so much.  Thank you again!!
Will be getting more
... I was expecting and my little girl is in LOVE!  Exactly what I was expecting and my little girl is in LOVE!
Perfect Size for the Little Ones  So cute. Not big but not small. Perfect for 2-year old to hold at night and keep in her bed along with other of Poppy's pals. We also have Cooper, Guy Diamond, DJ Suki, and Biggie. They line up perfectly in toddler bed.
Looks more adorable when you have it  My girlfriend loves it! The colour is nice, and the position of the wings can be changed. Prior to buying this, i was looking for one that has closed mouth, but this looks cute anyway!
May I call you Jiggly?  So adorable and soft, no other Jigglypuff doll out there will be as cute! I love the Sanei series, such a great value!
Very nice!  Very cute plush. Bought as a gift, and the recipient loved it.
Yo, Aoba!  I am very satisfied with this product! The overall design of Koujaku's plush demonstrates the large amounts of care and attention that were paid to him during the designing of this product. They nailed everything from the tattoos to the designs on his kimono. I would recommend not being rough with him as his details are delicate, but he is a prime figure to be put on display since he is also designed to sit. If you like DRAMAtical Murder and Koujaku, I highly recommend purchasing this plush!
Good
so cute love it
Adorable  Very life like.  The red panda is adorable doesn't get the attention of the big panda.
The Perfect Gift for a Fan  I ordered this for my brother who is a fan of the show, and he loved it. It is very adorable and well made, and the quality of the product is excellent. It is easy to tell who the character is just by looking at its small details, such as the eyes, expression, and equipment. It is an overall satisfying purchase.
My 7 year old loves it.
He loved it.
Jerry the mouse plush toy  My nephew is 5 years old and he loves the Jerry the mouse plush toy.  I wish that they made just a Tom the cat plush toy.  Please let me know if they do.  Thank you. He is very satisfied with it.  He sleeps with it every night.  He is happy that I was able to find it on the internet.  Jennifer Piscioniere jetes02@snet.net
Another Great Webkinz!  I have 55 Webkinz including my Holidoodle, and this one is definitely one of the best. I got him for Christmas, and Blaze is one of my favorite Webkinz! I think it's the same as the Plumfadoodle, but the Plumfadoodle is pink and purple. On Webkinz.com, the Blaze's PSI, (Pet Specific Item) is a Candy Cane Slide and his favorite food that comes with him are Green Shortbread Cookies. The Holidoodle is a great Webkinz to add to your collection! The price is totally worth it for this seasonal Webkinz!
She loved it
Just what I anticipated!
Kiddopotamus  What a cute toy. This kiddopotamus is made for a boy or a girl. This is soft and cuddly. This is my babies New best fried. This little Kiddopotamus is a great way for your daughter to interact  with the toy. Makes a few fun sounds. Not annoying at all. Great for a baby shower.
very soft. cute. my daughter loves him.
great car toy  I have all the paw patrol dogs. your child will want to take them everywhere.  my 2 now 3 yr. old daughter talks and act out with these plush pup toys. it fun listening to her as i'm driving.
Great toy! Bought it for me niece and she loved it! It's so soft
Excelente
Perfect Gift  Baby shower gift for a friend. Cute and very soft. Not as big as expected, but just right for a baby I suppose. Excellent price too!
Great gift  Great birthday gift for my grandson
Love this!  This is too cute. I got this for my 2 year old, but her sister and I are fighting to cuddle it. Great size and price.
The birthday boy was very surprised and he loved it.  Very cute and basically just as expected. The birthday boy was very surprised and he loved it.
Well worth the price!  This was my daughter's favorite souvenir from our Disney vacation! Had never seen something quite so clever. She loves Frozen and loved carrying this doll to all the parks. Well worth the $35 paid at Disney!
but my son loved his spider  Shipping took a bit long, but my son loved his spider. We bought one for twice the price at target and it's exactly the same thing
Good buy!  My 7 year old loves this game, and is sure to love this! Came quicker than expected and looks well made.
Happy!  Great shopping experience, love my ugly doll!
I love this bunny
Cool  This Was great and looks just like kirito from the show and goes great with asuna this is a must for fans of Sao
Adorable. Cutest plush Ariel I've seen yet  Adorable.  Cutest plush Ariel I've seen yet.
High quality and cuteness = WIN  Daughters love this -- super high quality and cute as can be.
The most adorable plush toy EVER!  We received this cute little guy as a sample to review. Honestly I was skeptical that my 20 month old would be interested in it bc he generally loses interest easily, but the shaking and giggling could not be more engaging. It sounds like a real child's laugh and is the perfect size for him to carry around. He loved it from the moment he received it (a little over a month ago)- and still plays with it daily. And it's the perfect toy to entertain him in the car. He is actually walking around the house carrying it currently giggling with it. I highly recommend it. If I had to pay for it right now to keep it, I would without a second thought because he adores this cute guy!
Super soft and cuddly  Super soft and cuddly! A little smaller than what I ordered, I think the one that arrived ended up being closer to 7 inches, but I personally didn't mind that. Looks just like the picture, and there are no rips or tears. It's much softer than I expected! He goes perfectly with my collection of smaller Pok&eacute;dolls.
very nice
Cute cute!  Just what my baby wanted!
Great gift.  Bought as a gift.  She loves it!
Granddaughter loves this unicorn  My granddaughter age 7 1/2 is so happy to have this unicorn. It has been on her wish list for a while.  It comes with a small brush for the mane and tail. It is the perfect size.  The saddle and bridle come off and on easily.
Very entertaining for my 2 year old.
Adorable!
.  It's just beautiful, and very niace and proffessional done
So cute  He's so adorable and soft, I can't help but smile when I look at him.
Well worth purchasing.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who loves stuffed toys.  It could not only be for a child to play with but also for a collector.
Cute !  Adorable and funny :) Perfect for older teens and adults that are fans if the movie. Not a great idea for babies being the fur falls out. Nothing major, but just a note. Arrived the way it was in the photo and is already a favorite with my friends.
Adorable, soft and well  Adorable,soft and well made
Good News Everyone!  The genius himself...in miniature plush form.
Pika Pika  Cute and useful! Kids love holding their money in the generous zipper pocket.
Fun toy to teach and bonding time with your kid  Fun toy to teach and bonding time with your kid, my toddler can spend more than 20 minutes around this, make sure your kid/s have an appaulse after it is done
Yes
SQUEEE!!!  Double the cuteness, and from a local artist too!!!
Bought as a gift. I got squeals of excitement when it was opened.
I bought this for my roommates daughter for a Con she went to. Her dress was a cup cake skirted one that was her as a Companion Cube. So this was just her prop. It's really cute and soft.
A great Elmo.  Listen is well made add sturdy.  Grandson loved it.  Parents like it because it does not make noise and requires no batteries just imagination.
She just came in and she's so cute! Thanks!!
Another piece of the collection.
Rocky is a small plush but great.  My kid loves him.. Rocky is a small plush but great.
Great resource  Great resource that little kids can carry with them
be aware that it is a pretty thin toy  If you order this item, be aware that it is a pretty thin toy, but nonetheless still cool.
Awesome looking Bender and a great size!
Its adorable!
CRAZY SQUIRREL IS THE BEST THING EVER!  My 3 year old is in love with Scrat, aka CRAZY SQUIRREL. This was a epic WIN!
Fantastic!! Adorable!!  Can use these everywhere in the house,  They are so adorable
Keep him close  Excellent to carry with me, while my soldier is away
beautiful doll, just like all the Disney animator dolls.
He collects all Nintendo plush toys and he loved this one  Bought this as a Christmas present for my 10 year old son. He collects all Nintendo plush toys and he loved this one! Great product and description.
Nice little Plush Jiminy Cricket  This was a gift for a young lady who loves Jiminy Cricket - it was a hit.  Soft and Plush, bright and adorable
Quality product.  Super soft to the touch. Tight stitching. Quality product.
Beautiful!  For us this toy is bitter sweet.  We purchased in to remember a very loved and dearly missed pet.  This little dog looks exactly like our little Noodles right down to the size.
A soft, lovable furry friend for any Elmo lover.  He looks just as happy to be with my granddaughter as she loves taking him everywhere with her.
product was vert cute
nice i love it
Cute. Added to my collection.  Cute.  Added to my collection.
Great item.  Timely delivery. Great item.
Great for the Tween
Another one for the collection !  I had no idea Domo was going to be this big until I received him ( even though it was stated in the product description ...I just saw it and decided I needed it ..lol ) Phenomenal bargain !
cute and 8 yr old loves the interesting animals
but my son still loved it.  Thought I was getting the black one - it's actually grey, but my son still loved it.
Kid loved this item.  Stupid to require a set number of words...no wonder people don't bother with reviewing their purchases.  Kid loved this item.  Stupid to require a set number of words...no wonder people don't bother with reviewing their purchases.
Exactly like the description
Cute product grand daughter loved it.
Daughter loved it..  Daughter loved it
But she is happy with it  My Wife loves it. It is from Japan, but Made in China. But she is happy with it.
mix up  i ordered the tonberry for a friend who loves final fantasy. well when i received it i got a cactuar instead. luckily cactuar is still part of final fantasy and my friend loved it just as much
Hard to Find Barney These Days  Just what the grandson was looking for!
Very Cute!  Grandbaby love them...
Cute, well made plushie
perfectly met expectations  perfectly met expectations
Bing Bong!  For starters this is an amazing plush for any Disney Pixar's Inside Out BIng Bong fan. Over the top adorable and the right size for your toddlers to young children to carry around, cuddle, pretend play, and more. I bought two of these Bing Bong, one for my six year old daughter and the other for my three year old son. Bing Bong has been quite durable, he is also easily spot washed as needed, and has yet to unravel anywhere, a very durable plush to say the least after being swung about by his tail, nose, hat, having objects shoved into his jacket and pulled around, dragged around on the ground, etc. Bing Bong does smell like sugar, very similar to cotton candy; in fact it says that in the description so I am unsure why the other reviewer bought this toy if that smell was an issue. It is even made known in the film that he smells like cotton candy; it is also something that children get excited about, since it is a children's toy. The smell does start to fade a little with time, it is not as strong as it was initially, although it is not an offensively strong smell initially; however you can still smell the cotton candy / sugar smell well. I did purchase the two Bing Bong plush from the Disney online store for $19.99, so this is an influx of $10.00, however to my knowledge the Disney online store does not have them for purchase any longer. He is around 16 inches (including his hat) about the size of a large box of Kix cereal, his flower on the front part of his jacket is sewn on, however the patches on his jacket are part of the fabric (not sewn on). Lastly the authentic Bing Bong plush have the Disney stamp on the bottom of the foot.
7+ years old, heavily abused, and runs like new!  I've used this drill and original batteries for approx 7 years. It has fallen two stories onto concrete and used on commercial construction sites (yes, the small size raised eyebrows). it has outlasted the Makita equiv and other big names.  The brushes have finally worn down, but that is the only sign of age!  This durable tool illustrates why Bosch is preferred by 24/7 construction crews in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and people that just plain expect to get what they pay for.
Great Christmas gift!
Love this! Looks perfect and is very well constructed.
Great!  My grand daughter loves it so much!  She wants to bring it everywhere.  Very colorful and huggable.
Very small but cute!
Satisfied  My sister loves it! She's a huge Naruto fan and couldn't be happier, shipping took a while, but it at least it got here. I would order again
I really like Nightmare before Christmas!  Baby Jack is just too cute.
My 2 year old is a big fan of the show. It's holding up well.
The item looked just like the image to me  I had placed this order three weeks before xmas and it arrived a week after the order I placed. I am not a collector, I only bought this for my fianc's 5 year old daughter, since she plays with her 8 year older brothers Mario plush collection, but she didn't have any of her own so I bought this and Princess Peach.  The item looked just like the image to me, and no loose strings and the seems were secure and the quality was decent. Not extremely high but not bad quality. I was happy with the way it looked and she fully enjoys playing with it.
girlfriend loves it  Great item, as described. the stitching looks pretty good on this and the packaging was really good. i would recommend this to any sailor moon fan.
Fast shipping & great item.  I bought this for my friend and she really liked it. It's adorable and it came in 2 days. It's a good gift for a pikachu fan.
It was a big hit.  My grand-daughter loves it.
My 7 year old grandson loved it  As advertised and reasonably priced. Good quality .
Love this guy. He was just as described, shipped quickly, and was in great condition. Thank you!
Another CUTIE  Bought the Captain America along with Iron Man. Love them both!!
Love!  Beloved friend of my little son! Very soft and absolutely natural) we both love this toy!
Gift  My sister loves this . She likes the movie and love having him. She has a hard time finding Olaf anything
llego ok
He is pretty large, over 20 inches  Exactly as described, a stuffed carrot with arms, legs and a face!  He is pretty large, over 20 inches.  Daughter loves it to go with her stuffed broccoli!
quality product  Grandchildren love the Sago Mini Apps and the stuffed animal toys brought them great joy. I bought all of them!!
My son loves it  The item arrived as specified by the listing and even though it was smaller than my 8-year old thought, the size did indeed match exactly as it was listed on the purchase site.  He already had a million games created around it before it even arrived so it was not met with any disappointment.  The quality was good and it matched the description and photograph listed on the purchse site.
Perfect gift for an animal lover  I got this for a friend who is obsessed with sloths and she absolutely loves it. She doesn't live near me but I heard from her coworker that she wears it all the time at work around her neck (they work at a company that allows some fun at work.) I have seen the Wild Rebublic sloths and other animals for sale at the local zoo and they are very cute and well-made. Wild Republic seems to have consistently high quality products that are worth the price, and generally from what I've seen you can get them for about 25% off the normal price on Amazon.
#1 Doll!!!  Very adorable. It is made of soft,fluffy material. The stitching on the hands is a bit loose,but other than that,it is flawless. My daughter loves it so much!10/10!
My kids love this fish
She loved it and the kids thought it was funny  This was a big hit with the wife after she had her gallbladder removed. She loved it and the kids thought it was funny. A little pricey, but I'm hoping it's a one-time purchase, right? Whimsical and fun.
Daughter Loves Foxy
Great quality  My daughter loved these. Great quality. We are ordering more!
Perfect!
My son loves this toy! The fabric is soft and so far .. very durable!
Very cute  Granddaughter loved this. Very cute and soft. Nice quality. Highly recommend.
Cute!
My 2 year old loved it, i have had it for about almost 2 months and has held up well even though its been left on the floor thrown, slept with. Good product :)
Enjoy by mother in memory care facility  Enjoy by mother in memory care facility.  Great for those that love dogs but can no longer care for them.
My 9 year old loves this thing.
Love it!  Great plushy for the price!
Perfect !
So glad I found this!  Love, Love, Love this character and so happy I was able to find it. However I was very displeased that the shipping cost nearly the same amount I paid for the doll itself (I chose standard shipping). I think that is the only negative! Other than that, totally worth it!!
It is super cute and so soft  My daughter loves this toy.  It is super cute and so soft!
Great quality!  Just what I wanted. Great quality!
Little dog  Our tiny little silky terrier loves this It is almost as big as she is!!!!!!! She runs past it and then grabs it's tail
This arrived in a box, secured and it looked great. It's large enough for my 5 year old to absolutely enjoy! Great for the price!
My wife loved them....  I bought these for my wife as she thinks they are so "cute". We went to see the movie for our anniversary and I just knew I had to get something for her that reminded her of our marriage. Glad I did.
Cute  A little smaller than what I imagined but otherwise cute. Well made.
"Ohana means family..."  This Stitch is perfect!!! After reading all the reviews of all the other Stitch plushes, I decided on this one, and I made the good choice. The shipping was speedy, and Stitch was packaged with professional care.
good  I gave this to my girlfriend's sister and she really liked it.
5 Stars for this group.  Great size.  Small enough to hold and big enough not to lose.  Was a hit with a 2 year old.
i collect armadillos and this is a nice addition to my collection; well made
Great Product  Was exactly as pictured and the quality was well worth the extra price. My son loves it!
Would buy this again !  I purchased this for my grandsons birthday. I received it promply . I gave it to him for his birthday , he was thrilled. It was well made!
Cute little Eeveelutions!  So tiny and cute. We are buying all the Eeveelutions for a nursery (Pokemon Theme), and this cute little Vaporeon was our first edition to the nursery. He stands up just as he is supposed too, very well made, and just like expected, Adorable!!
I loved it.  Very cut elephant, I loved it.
... this to a friend who was expecting and she loved it. Great quality and price  I gave this to a friend who was expecting and she loved it. Great quality and price.
My niece is a huge "Anime" fan and adores this product!
too cute!
***** smaller than I was hoping but is very cute!
Good
It is as cute as the picture  Soft fur, firm body, cute face.  Worth the money.
This is the BEST quality Pokmon plush out of the twelve I've ordered from Amazon.
Great for our 5+ hour plane ride  Great for our 5+ hour plane ride. My daughter is 17 months and got the hang of closing a few of them. We would pick it up and put it down throughout the plane ride.
My loved his sueprise
Great.  I've already reviewed this before, no idea why I must do it again. But it arrived at my boyfriend's sooner than expected & is in great condition. Thank you.
LOVED IT
I love el Chavo, it speaks with spanish phrases. It is a Funny toy and arrived on time
cute
nice food for my scarlet macaw
I'm very pleased with my purchase  I bought this for my sons nursery.  It's exactly as pictured, I'm very pleased with my purchase!
best cute kirby ever
Great for Dogs  I give these to my dogs to fetch in the house.  But they are definitely not chew toys.
Nice  Big & cuddly.
Better than having a real one  On a trip to Costa Rica, my wife got to hold a sloth about this size while I took her picture.  She fell in love with the cuddly little creature but of course we had to leave him in Costa Rica.  I found this one, the largest of several, on Amazon and ordered it for her as a belated Valentine's Day present. You would have thought I had given her the real thing. The beauty of this one is that feeding costs are very low and so are the vet bills.  So far, it's caused no damage to furniture or its surrounds and it sleeps quietly both night and day, just like the ones in Costa Rica.  Even better, it doesn't have to come down from its perch once a month to go to the bathroom.  Great purchase at a great price.
excellent  Another piece to a great collection at my room I wish there was more ofthis kind of plush dolls ok
SO CUTE  Its so cute, I got it for my older sister and she loved it.
Hawaiin Tropic Cocoa Butter  Wished the item had not changed, but I received the "older" version so it was great.  I loved this butter and easy to use and smells like coconut more than any other product I have found. I will continue to purchase this year after year and take it to work and share with co-workers who are equally impressed.
Very cute toy for a toddler
So cute! Can't wait to gift this Christmas to one of my boys. I also purchased the grinch too!
Grrrrrr!!  Nice Disney product!!! What we hoped for. Disney always has good quality products, sometimes expensive, but overall we have been happy.
Well made and materials used seem high quality compared to other stuffed animals we have purchased over the years.
Very good quality, very soft  Bought this for my 1 year old Grandson. He loves it. Very good quality, very soft.
Exactly as described!  Very detailed design and very soft! We used this as a prop for a business meeting skit and it was great - he looks good in a pair of sunglasses!
Well pleased with the item  Arrived ahead of estimated delivery date.  Well pleased with the item.
Super cute, impeccable finish, quality product!
Thanks
Super cute and soft  Great! Thanks!
Great gift  My granddaughter loved it!  She squealed with delight when she opened it at her 2nd birthday party.  I asked her what it was and she said "llama llama" right away.  She sleeps with it in her crib at night.
Szen  really cute and my granddaughter will love it!!  Looks like it is made very well and will last a long time.
I love it so cute and so  I love it  so cute and so soft
So Cute!  I bought this doll to add to the 6 pc. Yo Gabba, Gabba dolls which I ordered for my grand baby.  Was afraid it would not match the others in size and quality.  What a great surprise!  It is of the same wonderful quality as the other and dolls.  I was also glad that is is made of a material which is easily wiped if it gets soiled!  You will not be sorry is you buy this doll!
My grand daughter will be two in September. This challenges her. Every time she works on the buckles, she is able to buckle more buckles.
Very satisfied with the purchase  Item was as advertised and arrived on schedule. Very satisfied with the purchase.
Nice
Great part of the collection.
Soft and cuddly  This doll was a Xmas gift for my grand-daughter that 7 mos. It is very nice an cuddly and soft. I got it because everyone says she looks like boo.
We love this kitty! He has green eyes and beans in his bottom.
This gift was loved by all  Bought this as gift for a mermaid themed 1st birthday, This gift was loved by all. Beautiful colors and details.
Omg he loves it!!!!!!  so cute....
Beautiful!  This plush is beautiful. It's very soft too! It came ahead of the scheduled date and I wasn't disappointed when I opened its. The only flaws I found where the crooked paws and wrinkled neck fur. The crooked paws don't bother me at all and the wrinkles could be fixed. It's an all around great addition to my collection.
He is bigger than I thought and is very adorable.
Great Price!  This is a Christmas gift, so I'm rating solely for the price which was 1/3 cheaper than everywhere else.  I"lol try to rate an actual review once my daughter tries it out.
Washes nicely too.  My granddaughter is 10 months old and carries it everywhere. She loves it!! Washes nicely too.
fun
So adorable.  Another Kiddopotamus toy this time in the form of an adorable little purple elephant with big floppy ears in a ywllow, white, gray and blue chevron pattern. This little elephant holds a mirror for your child to gaze into. His little trunk squeaks when squeezed and he is weighted at the bootom to keep him from toppling over. Babies love looking at themselves in the mirror so this toy is going to a hit with most. We love it.
For the love of Rex.  My son is of the second wave of Star Wars fans. He is fascinated by the Clone Wars and Captain Rex is his favorite character. This plushy made a great stocking stuffer.
My nephew loves it! It's on the small side, but that just made it fit perfectly in his Christmas stocking. :)  Item shipped safely & in timely manner.
My daughter's new favorite stuffy  My daughter is currently head-over-heels in love with horses and Sofia the first.  The Minimus stuffy now has the prized spot on her bed!  It's so soft, and really the perfect size.  The stitches all seem well done.  I'd highly recommend it for any Sofia fan.
It was a nice surprise.  I thought these would be small, but they are full sized plush toys! It was a nice surprise.
Hey, where's perry
this toy is amazing!  Having grandchildren on the spectrum, this toy is amazing!
Love this guy!!
Love it!
Kid loves it
A must have Llama Llama accessory  We can't read Llama Llama mad at Mama to our two year old without this doll now. We were going to save it for her birthdaty but she saw it early and it was game over.
My 2.5 year old grandson likes to touch everything and your buckle toy keeps him busy for a long time. Great product - the plush pillow with buckle is well made. Will definitely buy to give as gifts to friends with toddlers.
What can I say? It's BOO!  So adorable and perfect as a birthday gift.
Very good
Great stocking stuffer  Adorable and soft. I should have gotten myself one too!
Love it!  Bought this as a gift for my husband, he loved it so much, we bought a second one. Great cuddle buddy and pillow, so cute!
item was in great shape
very pleased. Thank you  Arrive as stated, new condition as stated, very pleased. Thank you!
So cute
I can see you.......  Little cute panda plush toy fits in your purse and watches you sleep. No really, every one of these comes with a hidden camera in the left eye full with GPS tracking, voice recognition software, and a compatible uplink smart software chip by Intel that learns as it goes. Don't trust your wife? Put one in her car or purse. Want to know your competitors business secrets? Give a little gift, love, the secretary. With a plush wildlife artists panda toy you'll feel like Bill Bellichick on a Sunday afternoon.
Purple Minion  I love the minions and so does my grandson.  When he saw the Evil two eyed purple minion, he just had to have it!!  We looked at several toy stores but they didn't have any. Thanks to Amazon, we ordered it and it came in 2 days.  We all love him even if he is evil and purple!!
Fun  Adorable
works great !
Awesome product  This is a life saver. It's easier to find than looking for just the pacifier. My daughter loves it. I received the wrong item but they sent me the right one. My daughter loves it and so does my sanity.
very cute!!  i got it today and its so cute, i love it so much.
Good quality feel another for my sons collection of Mario Bros
Amazing for any Rin and Len fans  They came early than i expected but These plushies are nice and adorable and very nice in quality, one complaint would be the choice in material (fabric) but there still nice for anyone who love's vocaloid. i'd give it 9 out of 10 and 5 stars for this product. also there perfect for every vocaloid fan out there, I recommend it.
love the espeon  ty so much for the espeon my fiance loved it hes a child at heart lol. the espeon looks great it did have a little tear in one ear but if u know how to so it can be fixed.
My gf loves this!!!
fun, slippers  Cute, fun, slippers! These fit my seven year old son, he typically wears a size 1 1/2 shoe
Good quality item.
Cute and Fluffy  Great small gift for someone that likes pokemon, or even just cute looking dragons. This isn't extremely soft plush however, but it is by no means stiff or firm.
Perfect travel Mickey  Great for Grammy's house or other times when we have to leave "big Mickey" at home!
The toy seems to be PERFECT for a 2 year old.
Beast boy!  So cute! Perfect for my 4 & 5 year olds!
Loved it
Granddaughter loves it.
so adorable !  i love this rathian xD
As good as always-- Paper that doesn't die out before the year does, with enough space to write what's going on, and cute designs.  After all, sometimes the electronic calendar is dead or the battery is or whatever....
Grandkids love these dolls
Good detail on the scales and coloring  I only wish i knew how to post the video clip of my six year old son screaming in horror and running away when he opened the box with this snake it for Christmas (even though he specifically asked for a stuffed snake!)! After the initial shock wore off, Mr. Snake found a comfy spot on the bed and is often coiled up nearby while my son plays with his other toys. Good detail on the scales and coloring. We love this little guy!
SO CUTE!!!!  He is so adorable!!!! i love him. when i got him i gave him a big hug <3 thank you very much!!
Cute Plush  I got this plush on a whim, and I must say I love it.  The shipping was fast, and the product was very high quality.  Some of my friends and I were obsessed with the show, and he got passed around through out many classes, was stuffed in a bunch of backpacks, and went through lots of wear, and is still looking like new.  I recommended this plush to several friends.  I am very satisfied with this product.
Christmas Gift for Grandson  See review for Plush Cubby.  3-year old grandson loved this.  He got all the Jake and the Neverland Pirates figures and vessels for Christmas.
Freddy  Grandson loves his Freddy
perfect gift  Bought this as a gift for my Pokemon lovin daughter. She loved this. Great quality and perfect size for carrying around in her backpack and purse.
Son loves it thank you
Love it!!!!
Perfect!
Learning Toy for Fine Motor Development  My 15 month old grandchild enjoys putting buckles together, like on his stroller and high chair.  To have a number of buckles in a handy format is quite clever.  He also likes the face where he can point to different parts for identification.
World Traveler Pokemon  This little guy came to us all the way from China. He is a cutie. Well made. My boys love him.
Elmo makes one happy baby!  This toy is great for the price.  My one year old daughter lit up when she opened it this Christmas.  Even though she has never watched Sesame Street, she loves Elmo (she has some Elmo books).  Now she takes Elmo around all day and occasionally tries to sing "Elmo's Song."  Great toy!
Great choice  This large Elmo is my granddaughter's favorite. She is 18months old. Elmo is soft and very huggable, a great choice
pleased  A gift from a grandaughter in Colorado and it's next to my outdoor fishpond.  Reminds me of her every time I see it.
My grandaughter was delighted with all the above items.  Thank you.
A must have for Sailor Moon fanatics  I am so in love with this plush! It is indeed the official one, not a bootleg whatsoever. The plushies' size is indeed smaller than a ruler. I seriously think this is a great toy/doll/collectible. I had to buy Tuxedo Mask too :p.
a good gift for my mom  I purchased this for a gift for my mom. She was an avid fan of the Disney characters. She enjoyed this gift.
Elmo+  My toddler goes everywhere with Elmo! We just recently washed it with a bunch of other clothes and once the washer was ready to be switched over, we just sat it on top of the dryer and it was dry in 20 minutes!
Great toy and great price  Bigger than expected! Great toy and great price!
2 year old loves it!  My son really likes this Elmo. Elmo says a phrase or two and the volume is good. I thought he would play with it in bed at bedtime and then not sleep but he pushes it once for the song and then cuddles with it. It was a great buy!
:D
adorable, perfect for despicable me fans  I orginally bought this for my 4 year old daughter who loves despicable me but my older 2 children love it as well! I wasn't aware when I purchased this that the doll actually talks several phrases from the movie and her slippers light up I have already recommened this to several other friends with children as it would be perfect for despicable me fans
My grand daughter and my great grandson like it.
Good quality, great product, arrived on time
Worth every penny!  I opened the package before my daughter saw this set.  I am going to set up furniture in her new doll house for her 4th birthday present.  The details of this Calico Critters set will amaze you: actual letters for the mail basket, tiny spoons for the tea set, magazines, multiple picture stickers from which to choose to fill picture frames, and lots of other tiny accessories.  The set seems to be very well-made and durable.  I hope the Chinese paint is lead-free.  I'll test the set this weekend, and update this posting if I find lead.  On a barely related note, I bought the Ryan's Room "Home Again, Home Again" dollhouse instead of the Calico Critters deluxe home because the rooms are large enough to accommodate Calico Critters, C. C. furniture & little arms!
Super cute. Our little girl loves it  Super cute.  Our little girl loves it!
Just as described,
My 2-year-old daughter LOVES this!
My nephew loves this little guy!
Russian memories
Just what my daughter wanted  Ordered this the week before Christmas as my daughter loves this movie.  Ended up being just what she wanted!!! Thanks!
grandson's gift  grandson jake will just love this.  he is a ghostbuster's fan like you've never seen!  a stocking filler for certain!
Love it  I absolutely love it.  It squishy and cute.  Hand wash only.  It's only for children seven and up since it has little beads in it.  The belt looks hand made.  So cute!
Very cute  Bought two of these (along with the witch) and was quite pleased.  I did buy this a while ago and paid a cheaper price; however, this is worth the money.  Good sound, well made, and will appeal to all ages.  Glad I bought two.  Quite happy with my purchase.
granddaughter will love him.  Cute as a button...granddaughter will love him.
arrived in great condition and my granddaughter loved it
It's a PLUSH Chupacabra!  There is something seriously wrong with you if you think you need a review.  Meanwhile: heh heh: "educational value" --  I bought this so I could put a nametag on it and make fun of a co-worker.  For this purpose, it works perfectly. PERFECTLY. "Hello, my name is Joe" My other co-workers don't get the joke.  But a Chupacabra is a GOAT SUCKER. If you don't get the joke it's ok.  I don't expect much from you. -r PS: The posable limbs make it able to hold onto the side of my cube at work, more than I expected.  Now I need to buy a dozen more and put the names of other co-workers on them. Suckers! -=-
Very cute!  This is a very cute plushy and I thought the umbrella was going to be really flimsy but it is made quite sturdy.
Perfect for a gift.
Adorable!  Bought this for my sister who is a frequent blood donor and she loves it! Every time she goes to donate she takes it with her and all of the phlebotomists gush over how cute it is.
So cute. My second Fairy Tail plushie, and one of my favorites.
Love  Loved it!!!!
aww nuts  I love him he is very cute what more can I say!!!!
:)  Awesome, great quality. Super soft! Has Disney emblem on booty.
So cute, my niece loves
Cute  My daughter was begging for this for Christmas and was thrilled to see it in her stocking.  It now has a permanent place in her bed!
18 month old loves it  18 month old loves it. She's been interested in buckles for a few weeks and this is her new favorite toy.
Monster High Pet  Got this for my child for Christmas and she loved it. It is small enough for her to carry around and big enough for her to sleep with at night. It is soft and cuddly.
Amazing Quality - Great Plush!  Amazing quality, my Daughter loves it. Egg sushi is her favorite sushi, so this was extra special for her.  Unlike other food plush novelties, the quality of the "fur" on this toy is great. It is very soft, very good for snuggling and sleeping with.  I highly recommend this toy!
Loving annoying the parent of the baby I bought this doll for....it's great...never stops talkin
Hero Grandma  Grandaughter loved it.
Very happy with everything
and best price found on Amazon  nephew loves collecting these, and best price found on Amazon!
Looks very similar to the one on TV  Looks very similar to the one on TV
exactly like Happy :)  Looks exactly like Happy. Very satisfied with it.... Other Happy plush toys weren't as good.
Son loves it
very soft - my niece loved it.
Couldn't be happier with this toy  Couldn't be happier with this toy. My 7 month old loves it and it goes everywhere with him. Casey is one cute cow!
Excellent Product.
We have a Freddy and he is also great quality. Grear items for a Fnaf fan  Impressed with the quality SANSHEE has put in all the Fnaf plushies. We have a  Freddy and he is also great quality. Grear items for a Fnaf fan.
so cute... my daughter loves her.
Cute and Small  The little guy was just what expected. It's both cute and soft and great for both kids and adults. The eyes were a bit crooked, but it doesn't bother me too much.
cat in the hat for my baby and he loved it awesome!  I got this for my baby birthday party of cat in the hat. He loved the stuffed animal. He was so happy!
Good Stuff  Grandkids were thrilled
Wonderful quality  High quality plush Pooh!  Soft, huggable, nice plump tummy, great size!
Bought this for my oldest daughter and she loved it.
smaller then expected but worth it  Allot smaller then i had expected, but great quality. allot of vulpix plush don't have very good quality so i was skeptical, but this one was worth every penny  mine got a little smushed in my mailbox but that would be the mail peoples fault, it make the head have a slight tilt to it so it's kind of even more adorable now that i've fixed the awkward lumps of stuffing
We absolutely love it!
Cutest Soul Sucker Ever  I bought this for my niece's nursery that will have a monster theme. It turns out this toy is actually for ages 3+ even though it's a stuffed animal. It still looks cute as a decoration. I don't know why it has the age rating it does because it doesn't have any small parts that could come off because the eyes are embroidery.
Everything is good
Loved it  My 8 year old loved it.
our beloved Lowly worm  LOWLY!! our best friend! our 2 y.o. son keeps him next to his pillow and he holds him and looks at him when we read Richard Scarry's books. It's easy to take him everywhere, it fits the narrowest places haha. I wish we could have Goldbug also...I couldn't find a plush one anywhere...:(
Excellent toy. Really cute and it is the real thing. I bought an umbreon from another seller and it is a knockoff. Not a bad one but still a little disappointing. This one is by tomy and is perfect. Thank you.
good friends and good thoughts.  I sent this to my friend after she broke her arm. She loved it she sent a snapchat saying how much she loved it and it made her smile. Yay healing.:)
Looks almost like the picture, eyes are a little lower. Bigger than expected, and the fabric is nice.
Lullaby Gloworm  This lullaby gloworm is very cute .I would recommend it!!It's just the right size for a little one. It is very colorful
Bought this for my nephew for Christmas and he loves it.  He's 2
Said it was very well made and he liked it, happy it was stitched together and well made. Little Buddy seems to be a great brand, would definitely buy from them again.
Awesome  Big... fluffy... perfect! Arrived in 2 days as well
Two thumbs up.  Product well made and shipping was fast. Two thumbs up.
I'm saving it for my nephews' fifth birthday and am sure he will love it.  This little mouse was exactly what I was looking for and soooo cute! The pictures don't do it justice. I'm saving it for my nephews' fifth birthday and am sure he will love it.
Wonderful!  Arrived a full month early!!  Fantastic quality!!
Fantastic toy!
my son was happy and thats all that matters!!
This toy is FUN !!!  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my grand-daughter not really having any idea of what this toy could do . I must tell you that the little one loved it....the voices....the movement....and the interaction . It first freaked out then entertained her two cats as well .She brought it with her to the in-laws that evening and we noticed it had changed voice from earlier in the day and had us all laughing til we had tears in our eyes by the time we got there . I , personally , found it so funny that I may buy one for myself .
Great find;  I found the Itty Bitty Rudolph Collection on sale after Christmas, but needed Rudolph and Clarice.  AMAZON came through for me "in a pinch" as usual !!!!
nice plush toy  I bought this for my granddaughter and it is perfect! It is a soft plush toy and the blanket is light weight as I had hoped. She loves it also. For the price I was satisfied.
Grandson loves this.
Great  I bought this for my 10 year old amd he loves it. I'm kinda suprised at how much this thing can hold. He usually has a good size throw blanket in him all the time.
Big fans of the Kirby characters will enjoy!  My son loves this little guy! Big fans of the Kirby characters will enjoy!
The Grand Daughter gets love it.
Prefect for embroidery  This elephant is super soft and perfect for embroidery! I will be purchasing again!
so soft!
HE IS SO CUTE  he is SO SO SO CUTE!!! I cuddle him in the night all time.
The item arrive in perfect condition.
my 2year old grandchildren love grover and watch sesame street all the time and when grover comes on they  run and get him and have him flying and talking. He wasn't that expensive and well worth it.
I purchased this for my grandson and he loves it!!!. I am also looking at all the others for him.
looks just like the llama  my grandson loved it I wish it was a little bigger
Great item  Fast ship! Exactly was was in description! My daughter love it!
Great toy  Very nice toy. My little one loves it.
This is my daughters favorite pokemon and she was ecstatic when she opened the box. Turned out to be a great stuffy.
exactly what I ordered  The item is exactly what i ordered.  The doll is very cool. My friend loves it.  Thank you. Awesome gift.
what a great toy!  this is a great toy I got it for a good deal and it came early! I think you should buy this toy!
Don't Go Away!!!!  Bought this for my daughter who loves Marshmallow. It was very expensive for a plush but worth it for how much she loves it. As another reviewer pointed out Marshmallow items are hard to find. Excellent quality as expected from official Disney merchandise. I paid just under $60 and at the time of my review it was even higher than that.
it's adorable.  Love it!  Exactly what I expected.
My son is very happy with the purchase.
... a while for it to arrive but she was perfect!  It took a while for it to arrive but she was perfect!
granddaughter loved it
Great  She is so cute and a perfect size. She is soft with beans in her belly (which my daughter loves) She great qualify which is something I always look for. She is very cute and I'm happy I got her for my daughter.
Lullaby Gloworm  I bought this for my new grand baby! The lullabies are great and the light is so calming she absolutely loves it! Highly recommended by one happy grandmother!
OH MY CUTENESS!!!  My boyfriend bought me this little itty bitty cubchoo that is so precious it's the size of a new born kitten! And soft like one too!! I love this little guy so much!!!
Daughter loved it
Good bear  Very soft and just the right size.
Kingdom Hearts Plush doll  I love it. It's adorable! He sits right next to my pillow every night. I recommend this plush doll to anyone who loves Kingdom Hearts.
Birthday girl is 2 She wouldn't put it down Hit of the party
My grand daughter loved it so much.
Adorable, small, perfect!
great  grand daughter loved i.t
Good, came as described.  As descriped. Came a day early. My baby is gonna love it. So soft.
The movements and the barking makes it seem like a real puppy  I gave as a birthday gift to a 6-year old girl.  She is thrilled with it, she takes it everywhere with her.  The movements and the barking makes it seem like a real puppy.
Favorite one  It's my favorite!
This dry bowser jr plush is one the greatest plushes in the world  Awesome
Got this for my grandsons birthday. He is big into plants vs zombie's. he just loved it. It was a good size and i am very happy with it. I would recommend it to others. Would purchase it again for someone else.
My 6 year old loved this!  My 6 year old received Rapunzel, Flynn and Maximus as gifts at her 6th birthday and loved them all.  They are very soft but well-made.
Great Stuff!  Love my anadized one cookware. Easy to clean, even heating, and good feel to it! Would definitely recommend!
Disney capitai Eo Fuzzball  Me a encantado, el mueco de la pelicula  en 3D Capitn Eo de Michael Jackson. La entrega del producto es rpida y con la garanta de autenticidad de Disneyland .
Super cute plush. My son loves it
Ludwig von koopa!  I have to say this plush is well made & very accurate to the video game character it is based on, and i was really surprised that they even made one of Ludwig and I'm happy they did because he is my favorite koopaling!
It is the perfect size for a toddler and well made  Exactly as described, I can't wait to give it to my son. It is the perfect size for a toddler and well made.
My niece loves it! 
Great!  Gave as a present, exactly as described, got here very quickly! Best price I could find anywhere. Glad I bought it
I like how soft this is  I like how soft this is. I have one concern with the teaching tool it offers in learning how to buckle and unbuckle these locks. They are the same concept as a car seat or high chair belt. If you turn your back or driving down the road and little one follows the impulsive thoughts that little ones have, they will be out of the chair and have a potential for getting seriously hurt. For this reason I am very concerned, but can see it as being a potential for a great toy.
Nice..
Glaceon poke doll  My only complaint is that the thing on its head is higher than it should be creating a huge fore head. You can cut it and sew it lower, so problem solved . It's adorable but a bootleg. I don't care much for legits or bootlegs but others do.
Good stuff  Good delivery time. Product looks great. Will be Xmas gift. Expect an excited kid.
For the Pokmon nerd in your life.  If you have a lady friend who likes big, cuddly pokmon this Snorlax plush toy might be one of the best gifts.  From the little smile to the softness of the material, I find that the "squee" factor is rather large.  I bought this as a gift for one of my close friends and I had never been hugged tighter.
excellent product  this product is excellent, good quality, durable excellent presentation. I had no problems even with quality. thanks you for it
Loved it right size and soft
Adorable and bigger than I thought!  Super cute and soft. My nephew loved it!
Very cute and arrived quickly
simply cute  It all started when a friend gave us a white blood cell during an illness.  We gave several of these to the chemo nurses and they loved them!! Great gifts with such cute expressions.
My son loves this little TaunTaun.  It's on the firm side of plush, but that doesn't seem to bother him at all, he still sleeps with it!
Good Purchase  Quality of product along with price and fast shipping - my son was very pleased! Very durable and a perfect add to his Mario collection.
Great toy for little babies to older toddlers  Cody the Smart cub is a great product. My 2 month old loves it. He loves listing to it and looking at the lights. I love how my 3 year old also plays with it and it's still clean and held together. I can;t wait till he is older and learning from Cody the smart cub!
Really Cute  Very cute well made stuffed doll. Goes very well with the stuffed Rapunzel. I bought one each for my newly married daughter and husband. She says they are adorable and has them on their bed.
Great product
Nice toy.  I bought it to go with a triceratop book, my 4 year old son was very excited and now sleeps with this stuffed animal. Very adorable!
Just the hair grrrr  It's very nice ... but the hair and the beard go a all over my kids
and fun!  Cute, stylish, and fun!
love it  We got this as a Christmas gift for our daughter we love it.
pichu  Biology  Physiology Pichu is a small ground-dwelling rodent. Its fur is very short, and it is pale yellow in color. The tips of its large ears are black, and it has additional black markings on its neck and tail. Its tail is short, but still bears some resemblance to the large lightning-bolt structure it will develop later on in life. It has pouches in its cheeks, which are pinkish colored and used for storing electricity. Its nose is extremely small, almost like a dot. It is classified as a quadruped, but many have been known to walk easily on their hind legs. Gender differences Pichu normally have no gender differences; however, the Spiky-eared Pichu, which is female, has a spiked ear. Special abilities Pichu, like its evolutions, is capable of producing electrical sparks from its cheeks, charging itself with electricity more easily on days with thunderclouds or when the air is very dry. However, since Pichu is only a baby, it cannot control them as well, and may release electricity unintentionally. However, it is not able to store large amounts of electricity in its body. Pichu, and its evolution family, Pikachu and Raichu, are the only known Pokmon that can learn Volt Tackle. Behavior Pichu are social Pokmon known for their playfulness. They tend to be very mischievous and are always on the lookout for something fun to do. They are usually found in groups, typically with members of their own species, but occasionally with other types of Pokmon. Like their evolutions, they are capable of storing electricity from the atmosphere, however, this ability requires much practice to perfect. Pichu are prone to randomly discharging electricity, as they are not fully mature. They become better at holding power as they grow older. Pichu are frequently observed touching tails with each other, creating a shower of sparks. Habitat  Forest Pokmon Pichu primarily live in forests like their evolution, Pikachu, although they have also been depicted to thrive in urban areas. Diet Main article: Pokmon food Pichu appear to be particularly fond of apples. The Spiky-Eared Pichu loves Grepa Berries.
My five yr.old grand daughter really wanted a stuffed Winnie the Pooh. She loved this Pooh Bear and it was at a great price for me.
my grandson love's it
My daughter brakes for c. elegans!  My. daughter works with c. elegans at the University of North Texas & was so excited to get this giant nematode! We also bought one for her supervising professor as a thank you gift. Very cute in a gross way.
Excellent Product
As close as you could be to Bender
Love it!  My little boy LOVES this toy. He's almost 15 months and is infatuated with buckling things and clicking pieces together. Highly recommend!
Your inner 80s kid will glow  Incredibly well made.  Incredibly soft.  A complete blast from the past.  16 inches long.  Light weight.  Very hard to find.
happy  Arrived early and its going to make a good birthday gift and its the perfect size
Great purchase!  It is cute and my 11 year old daughter loves it!
Great Product! Too bad its getting hard to find....  I am very glad Amazon has this product and at an affordable price. Pond's Fresh Start Daily is getting very difficult to find at local stores for some reason.
Love it  My 17 mo old is obsessed with buckles and this toy is a huge hit!! Love it
We received the order as described and on time. Thank you!
My grandson loved this Xmas gift .  He wanted to try on all the hats!!
Love This Cutie  Got this tortoise for my son and we both adore it. Very soft, great expression, fun to play with. We've got quite a few plush turtles and this is our favorite
But it was perfect when it came in  I was very skeptical when I saw this photo of this product. But it was perfect when it came in, shipped fast and was new.
Gotta love Bing Bong. Was smaller than I expected because the trunk is included in his height.
I got this as a birthday gift for a girl turning five. Weeks later her mom reported that Olaf goes with her everywhere!
Just what the item was as described  Just what I wanted for my movie script
My son really wanted this and this was the best price by far.  He loves this dragon.
Way better than Barney  My granddaughter loved it so much I had to get two spares. One in case she finally loves it to death, one to keep here for when she visits.
The Little Mermaid is her favorite movie so I had to get her this  My 20 month old loves this mermaid snuggle buddy! The Little Mermaid is her favorite movie so I had to get her this. It is made of quality material and looks like it is going to hold up nicely. The yarn hair is nice because it won't get all tangled very easily. We love this purchase!  I received this item at a discount price in exchange for my honest review.
I love it
Super adorable!  I'm thrilled to have my very own Bunnie sitting in my room! For those who like Animal Crossing and the villager, Bunnie, this plush is a must have. She's made of very soft material, and her features are well embroidered. It's true that she's a lighter orange than in-game (somewhere between FF6600 and FF3300 on a html color swatch) but honestly, I don't mind at all because she's so cute. Perhaps I've indulged myself by spending 20 bucks on a plush, but I have no regrets.
My daughter loves Mangle. I wish she had the black eye and teeth but otherwise she is cute.
Shockingly Cute Jolteon Plush!  Jolteon has always been my favourite classic Generation I Eeveelution. I have fond childhood memories of my Pokmon pal Jolteon. Banpresto's "I Love Eevee" plush series "purrfectly" depicts this awesome and speedy yellow electric cheetah Pokmon! He is a true gem in my Eeveelution collection, and I love him very much.  Firstly, this special edition Jolteon plushie is very soft on the inside and out, made of high-quality vibrantly-coloured minky pastel-yellow polyester fabric. Like all the "I Love Eevee" Eeveelution plushies, this Jolteon's colours are of a softer, lighter shade (compared to the more vividly coloured Tomy Jolteon plush, for example). He is stuffed moderately -- not too firm, and not too soft, but very cuddly. This Jolteon plush is in sitting position, and he is currently the largest ("official") Jolteon plushie available, measuring about 10 inches high (including the ears), and 6 inches wide. He has a noble look about his face, a cheetah-like muzzle, and a small triangular catlike nose, and beautiful black almond-shaped eyes. His pointed ears are long, like the ears of a jackrabbit, and they are rather floppy -- unfortunately, they do not stand up very well and tend to flop over his face unless positioned very carefully (this can become frustrating at times, especially if you are trying to display him). He has a "spiny" white mane/ruff encircling his neck and the back of his head, made of two layers of soft strips of minky fabric. He is rather short, pudgy, and chibi-like in shape, with quite a large head. On his back, he has a fringe of "spines" made of the same thin, soft strips of fabric as his mane. Underneath the fringe of soft spines, his backside is rounded, and he can sit up very well on his own without toppling over. He is so masterfully detailed -- he even has cute little pink paw pads embroidered on the bottoms of his paws and feet! He is very well-crafted and durable, but rough-play is NOT recommended.  This Jolteon is shockingly awesome! So adorable, an excellent edition to an Eeveelution collection, and a plush that true Pokmon lovers of all ages can enjoy. You can't go wrong with Banpresto Pokmon plushies. Also, this plush is quite rare, valuable, and limited, so get him while you still can! Also, he comes with a very nice hang tag with cute Eeveelution art, so if you snip it off, be sure to keep it, as it is collectible.  Highly recommended to children and collectors. (Also, even if you are just a fan of cheetahs and wildcats, you will love Jolteon!)
Was a gift for the homeless children.
Perfect birthday present :)  It was perfect!!! It actually came a few days before its delivery date and it matches the picture exactly!!! My boyfriend will love it!!
Great product.  Fast shipping!! Great price,nice quality.good seller :)
Cute little boodog  Perfect little guy to give as a gift
My daughter loves this!
Gloworm has been a cherished family friend for 15 years. My oldest daughter's gloworm was passed down to her sister. She loved it so much she didn't want to give it to the baby (she's 9 and still sleeps with it!), so we bought a new one one for the baby 19 months ago. The new gloworm has a 10 min song play time which is great. The old gloworm only played one song at a time. Just be prepared to buy more batteries. The old gloworm we replaced the batteries about 1-2 times a year. With the longer play time, we replace the batteries about every other month. Our 15 year old gloworm is still going strong and so is our 19 month old gloworm. We bought one as a gift, and theirs works great as well. Recommend gloworm for any child.
Good for print followers  I like print vs digital scheduling.
Granddaughter loves her Ugly Nandy  My 11 year old Granddaughter collects Ugly dolls and mentioned she would like this one.  So I ordered him from Amazon and gave it to her as a surprise when she visited.  She loves him!
Hello Kitty  Gift!  Granddaughter loved it.  But, of course, she loves just about everything "Hello Kitty."
Perfect for my 18 month old granddaughter.  Just her size.
excellent thanks
Stinking adorable!  I bought this for my baby grandson and it's super cute! The eyes are stitched, so they are safe for babies. It's light and soft, perfect for little hands to hold and hug!
Great toy  I bought this for a 20 month old little boy based on a lot of excellent reviews. He loved it the minute he saw it and it continued to fascinate him.
Great party favor...kids loved them
Great place  Very happy with this product. Was well packaged and arrived before said time and that impresses me. Thank you much.
Did the job.  Nice figures! User for xmas!
Excellent condition.. excellent product!!!
brilliant
Adorable Cuddly Charizard! He is PERFECT!  This is a truly wonderful Charizard plush! I was surprised at how beautiful and accurate it was. The one I received was absolutely lovely, well made, with no defects or deformities whatsoever. It has a Banpresto tag, dated 2010, as if it is a UFO crane prize plush; Im honestly not sure if it is truly a bootleg with a cleverly copied tag, or possibly a factory reject. Either way, I personally don't care if it is official Nintendo merchandise or not, because it IS a Charizard, and it is AWESOME in so many ways!  It is accurately designed, excellently constructed, and super adorable. The Charizard plush is so squishy soft and huggable all around, made with high-quality minky material (except for his white claws). His fiery light orange colour is vivid, and he has a cream underbelly; the insides of his wings are a lovely shade of aqua blue. His wings are large and beautiful, with soft plastic tabs inside to keep them from flopping. He is an excellent cuddly size -- quite large but not too big, a little over 12 inches tall. He has a nice long, soft yet sturdy tail with a little red flame at the tip (I personally do not find this pure red flame to be a problem at all  a very minor inaccuracy if anything, but it doesn't ruin the awesome looks of the plush). His body is rotund and his belly is adorably round and plump.  He has a cute toothy grin (the two fangs protruding from his mouth are made of a felt-like material), and well-embroidered blue eyes. The shape of the head, including the horns, is perfect. Mine has some trouble standing on his own due to his heavy tail, but he can sit up without falling, as the tail supports him. He can also sit nicely on the edge of a chair or shelf. I have no complaints regarding the design of this plushie.  Not only is it a very well-designed and particularly cuddly Charizard plush, it is also a very good price and an amazing size. In my opinion, it is much better than any of the currently available Pok&eacute;mon Center brand Charizard plushies, which are smaller, ridiculously overpriced, and not nearly as cute.  This is a Charizard plush that is reasonably priced and perfect for anyone who loves Pok&eacute;mon  both children and collectors will love it. I highly recommend it, especially if you've always wanted a Charizard plushie (they are difficult to come by, and this one is excellent!).  (Just a small note: If you order from China, it might take quite a long time to ship, but once you hold it in your hands, it is worth the wait!)
It was a gift
super cute
My daughter loved it
Perfect.  This is just as described. The perfect size for a toddler. My daughter brings "Momo" everywhere and absolutely loves him.
My daughter loves it.
hopefully my wife will find it as cute as I do
very good deal  I got this for my daughter and she is very happy with her new plushie.
Perfect. My daughter loves it.
Piglet Plush Toy  I gave this to my grandson for his birthday and he loved it. It is very well made and should last him quite a long time.
Perfect!  Better than expected!
My son the Super Mario fan  loves it!  Adorable and very soft.  We'll made too
I bought one for my aunt and mom bc they were so in love with it  After receiving this for my baby shower, I bought one for my aunt and mom bc they were so in love with it...wonderful organic toy!
A wonderful cuddly animal  My Grandson collects Otters.  The Momma and baby are two of the four I ordered.  They are well made and so soft.  I love her too.  Very satisfied
Great product and prompt delivery
Great service  Great product. got here relatively quick. No complaints
Great product  I bought this product for my cousin and she loved it. If you're looking for an old stuff barney toy, this is the one!
My nephew loved it. It's soft and well made.
perfect size for my toddlers arms :)  Adorable
My little one loves this!!
The doll is even more beautiful in person  Bought this for my baby girl who's nursery theme is little mermaid.  The doll is even more beautiful in person, love it!
Spectacular  Awsome plush recommend to any magi koopa fans
Cutest Natsu ever!!!  Cute plushee! Arrived quickly. I got it for my daughter for Xmas...she is a huge Fairy Tail fan. I know she's going to love it!
Cute little toy :) Received in 2 weeks
Good Quality
Very cute!  Had keychain tops on the top though that you don't see in the picture.
Great toy!  My 18 month old loves this toy. We took it on his first plane ride and it kept him entertained for over an hour. Its fantastic!
Good quality.
Just so cute!
This Luigi plush is great, looks just as pictured and I think the quality is very good. My 4-year-old has been playing with him for a few weeks, and Luigi is holding up to all the bouncing and tossing that this preschooler can dish out.
It was just awesome and perfect size for my two girls to play with. We loved it
He's the perfect size for our 20 month old  He's the perfect size for our 20 month old. Our son squealed in delight when we first gave it to him. He takes him around everywhere and sleeps with him. Elmo is also soft and huggable. Good quality product.
Super Mario Shy Guy Plush Toy Stuffed Toy 6"  Good communication with seller. Had some problems and they've been resolved nicely. Wish he was made out of better material though. He is my grandson's favorite Mario character right now and he adores him.
Bullseye Plush Doll  Decent little doll. Wasn't sure what to expect when we ordered it, but it is definitely smaller than we thought it would be. Still a good purchase. Recommended for the kiddos.
Loved it!  Awesome gift I gave a 2 year old and she was thrilled! Awesome packaging!
Perfect
Well made, very soft.
Super toy!  Great in all ways
Great gift.  My grandson was thrilled. It was a lot larger than I thought it would be. Great gift.
So soft!  My daughter loves this snake. Huge and super soft!
nice
Pretty well made and soft material  My son loves it. Pretty well made and soft material.
Stitch is really soft and a perfect size for snuggling  This was a gift for my 12 year old daughter who is Stitch obsessed. She loves it. Stitch is really soft and a perfect size for snuggling.
Cuuuute!
She loved it
great plushy for a great price  This little guy is so cute and cuddly.. great plushy for a great price! My two year old minnons obsessed little boy loves this Bob so much!
excellent  collaborator and very fast in shipping . excellent and worth five.
Arrived fast, perfect condition!!  These dolls arrived faster than I thought! They were in perfect condition! Perfect size too, just as promised. My Grand daughter loves them!!
I love it!!  Soft and adorable! Recommend for all San-X and/or Rilakkuma fans!
Authentic Product!  Now this is the authentic product! We bought one last year before we knew about counterfeit plush dolls. He doesn't flop around or look odd like the last one we bought and he doesn't feel like he is filled with inferior stuffing. He's very soft and cute and worth every penny.
the Grinch that loved Christmas  Every family had one.. Ours was my mother .. Secretly she loved Christmas now I make sure she is remembered and buy one every year
Will made using good materials  My kid likes it and he plays with it a lot and still in a good shape which I can say about a lot of other product I bought elsewhere.
Son loves it
My grandson's favorite Christmas gift!
cute hello kitty
Great product
Very pleased, added Santa Hat and everyone wanted him  So very cute! Very pleased, added Santa Hat and everyone wanted him!
STRAINER!  Great strainer, and heavier than it looks on the screen. This could potentially be used as a paper weight its so heavy.
Small but my kids love it
Really cute and just right for my 6 month old grandson.
great  it fits very good and matched the rest of my collection and i will recommend to others very quick to deliver liked this product
Adorable Elmo doll  This Elmo doll is excellent quality. The size is perfect for my toddler son to snuggle up with. He is super soft, and very cute. My son loves his Elmo!
GRANDSON LIKE IT AND LOVE IT
Pikachu Plush  Totally awesome plush. This toy was exactly how it was described on Amazon. We love it!!
Perfect Lovie for Your Little  Bought this for my daughter for Christmas as she loves Elmo. She is 8 months old and this plush has quickly become her lovie. Plush came exactly as described. Will continue to buy again & again as I know well need backups!
Snuggly  Cute, charming little stuffed animal. Perfect for the little Poke fan. I used this for a Halloween costume, but I keep it because I just love Pikachu!
Hilarious  It is Jupiter but in stuffed form.  Really nothing else to say about it.  Seems solidly built.  I'd consider buying the rest of the solar system eventually.
Great Quilty and size!  We bought this for our 4yr old daughter for Christmas.  It was the only thing she asked for so I wanted to get a good quality one that would hold up to washes.  Its a great size for her and the quality is wonderful.  I can easily see it being washed in a pillow case or wash bag.  So far she has carried it around every day, sleeps with it, takes it places and still looks new.  My daughter is happy so I'm happy with the purchase!
Exactly what I was looking for.  As a Lactation Support Specialist and educator I teach new moms how to recognize the proper shape their baby's lips need to take for an effective latch. I am using this item for that purpose. It's a fun and effective teaching tool...and one they remember.
I loved it!
Child loves the toy.  Had a small issue with some of the stitching, but the seller sent out a replacement very quickly.
Very happy. Excellent product.
Amazing! Its super cute, cuddley, well made, and big. 100% worth it.
Very good toy
Hit with Cheyenne  Cheyenne loves them and plays with them everyday.  She is a big minecraft fan and they were a hit with her.
super cool and pretty big. it's very well made and has lasted over a year of hard play
Great for little ones who love Elmo  Soft and plush with fabric eyes and nose so no choking hazard for little ones.  Great new Friend
Good.  Very nice.  We've had this for a few years and it is still in great condition.
Great!  Great & unique
my nieces boyfriend loved it.  was Christmas present. my nieces boyfriend loved it.
thank you  my son loved the toy little bigger than he wonted but he still loveit going to buy more
Love it!
Rio stuffed Characters  My grandson loves the Rio movie and wanted these characters for Christmas.  I could not find them in any store so went to Amazon and found them.  They were delivered in time for Christmas.  He was one happy little guy.  (they really are adorable)
Elmo does, indeed, know my son's name!  Okay, I read the reviews and bought it anyway. I have to say I was holding my breath while the downloading progress bar was rolling across my screen and exhaled only when it read successful. I don't know what the compatibility issues are, but I have Windows XP Home Edition with SP2 with all the Windows hot fixes. I am diligent about getting those squirrelly updates. Having said that, the toy is absolutely adorable and I can't wait to see my son's eyes light up when Elmo talks to him next Sunday morning. The eyes are the gift! Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!  PS:  I can't really rate durability till it passes the kid test and I don't think it's really meant to be educational, as in ABC's and 123's, etc.
Granddaughter just loves this.
Great toy as seen in picture  Great toy as seen in picture, quite happy to give this gift. Seller replied good when asking about this Totoro! Happy with results.
Can this pup be any cuter?
chicken little plush  Bought this chicken little for my grandaughter because she loved the movie. She is only 10 months old, but since she would watch the whole movie, I figured she would like the doll... and i was right, she loves it! so i bought her another one for a  backup to the fisrt one... she goes nowhere without him.. thanks.. Very happy with my purchase....
She is Adorable!  Well made and a bit smaller than I thought.  I measured her and she is 11 inches tall, I guess it is her tall hair.
This is an adorable Minnie! Its even bigger and softer than I thought it would be!
Great.  Came as expected
Very Cute!  Very Cute stuffed animal. I purchased it because I decorated my son's room in these exact colors. I had no idea they were pertty popluar with the kids. It was recently seen in the October Parenting Magazine.
YOU CAN MOVE THE TONGUE!  As the title states, you can operate the tongue independently from the mouth. My husband has already caused our roommate countless nightmares by operating the tongue. I cannot wait for Halloween.
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Better than it looks in the picture!!!!!!! Worth the money !!! Now our Gabba collection is complete!!!! YOOOOOOOOO GABBA GABBA!!!!!
Plush Eagle  The size was just absolutely perfect, and is very soft and plush.  I have to admit ... I got this for husband for Father's Day, as we are both huge Mariners fans, and I wanted to surprise my husband with the eagle. (A takeoff on the eagle that landed on the Mariner's pitcher James Paxton).  The gift was a HIT ..... wonderful purchase !!!
Get this
Going to buy several!  My wife and I are both big Mozart fans so when we received this as a baby shower gift we thought it was lots of fun.  It turns out to be my 4 month olds favorite toy since the day he was born.  It calms him when he's fussy and he loves to "talk" to it.  We're planning on buying several just in case anything happens to the original!
Prefect size!  We got this for my 6 yo after a death in our family that she was having a hard time processing . We got her 'Duke"and it was instant love.  He is just the right size to tuck under her arm and off she goes.  He has enough denseness (is that a word?) that he is has substance, but so soft that she cant sleep without him.  What started out as a 'positive feelings item' quickly turned into her best friend.
Grandma was a hit with Sonic X  The product came on time. It was what I expected and the recipient of the gift, my granddaughter age 5, was pleased to death!  She hasn't put them down since I bought them for her.  I only wish that a taller Sonic would be offered  at a "reasonable price" by a seller!
Really cute great quality
Perfect  My son is very pleased with the plush
Great product, well made and fast shipping!  My daughter loves it.
Fast shipping, Great condition, Adorable!  Came in the mail VERY quickly! The condition is spot on perfect and I couldn't help but stare at its cute face and hold it. I've been trying my best to get my hands on this Piplup for ages for my fiance. He's going to go crazy over this little guy on Christmas day.
Perfect and we had ordered from another place and it was back ordered and cancelled.  This arrived on time and is just what we wanted.
He is lots of fun !
... and Talkin' Olaf was packaged well and my niece enjoyed her gift  The Disney Frozen Pull Apart and Talkin' Olaf was packaged well and my niece enjoyed her gift!
Takes awhile to get but totally worth it.
Recommended  100% Recommended. Product in excellent condition, Thanks
The plushy is well made and much loved by my granddaughter!
great quality
Adorable, cuddly monkey  Another quality Mary Meyer plush toy.  Sweet, friendly face, just right for cuddling.
Love this Elmo.
Very cute!
Cool product.  Hilarious. Description spot on. Cool product.
Baby loved it!  This was a gift to a 7 month old little girl.  She enjoyed the toy and was happy to explore the glow and the lullaby.
Great quality
Amazing. Love this. Great condition and great edition to my collection.
Fantastic quality  Perfect condition and overall a great buy, I would highly recommend this gift to anyone who is a fan of pokemon.
Good buy  My daughter brushes poppys hair before bed every night and she loved it so much we got her branch too. The quality is good! Hair doesnt shead and the doll is a good size :)
Love  My dog lovessss these toys even though they are bigger than his little head. He's a Chipin. He plays with these all day and the noises they make he loves! Will buy again when he kills these ones which is why I bought them this time to replace the pig one he's already destroyed lol.
Grandaughter LOVED it
Growlithe Plushy  Growlithe has always been my favorite Pokmon, so when given the chance to purchase its plushy I decided to take it. Growlithe plushy is in excellent condition, and looks like the photo. It is extremely soft and huggable especially its  tail. Ultimately I do recommend anyone to purchase this product, since you will be getting your money worth.
other than that great!  Was a little smaller than expected, other than that great!
Great doll Great Review from mommy of 6  We purchased this toy before our sons 1st birthday. We were reluctant at first after reading the negative reviews. I do suggest that every one who wants any of the ______ knows my name dolls that they check the main website first to make sure your childs name is listed. The only flaw we saw is he can only register years as age. So an early purchase will have to be programmed in as 1-5 years no months are available. Ours sons name was spelled a little different but sounded the same. On the website you can hear the name said by the char. We got him and were very impressed that you don't have to take him out of the box to program, you can plug up the USB cord while he is still in the box. Great for gift giving, if you want to wrap it and surprise that special child. It took 15 mins to program and download was 2 mins. We have an winodows XP, laptop and had no problems. I suggest that one reads all toy reviews first before making that final toy purchase decision. We are glad we bought Elmo. I am sure the other char. are just as great!!!!
Good price ,quality tool
great timing  Came earlier than expected and is really cute and soft
Love it!!!!  I thought this item was so awsome! And I ordered it for my 8 year old son. He loves it! It is the softest mario plush he has and he has like 24! It's cute and cuddly. Even I love it. Thank you!
awesome!  It's so cute!
but my son loved it!  A little smaller than expected, but my son loved it!! Easy to take on the go :)
Nicely made  Smaller than I thought it would be, but well made and soft.
Very nice doll
Great but!  Fast delivery and very satisfied with product
The best Christmas gift!  My daughter got  this last year when she was 4 as a gift from grandma! She is now five and she still lives it! He says cute little things and laughs when you hang him upside down. She loves the way he can hug her back when she hugs him! He even signs the cutest song! Its so cute when he lays down and he snores and talks in his sleep about his gold fish! Lol who doesn't love Elmo!! This toy is worth it!! Five Stars all the way!!!
My 20-month-old loves it!  My 20-month-old is totally into buckling and unbuckling. This toy is great. It also helps with color recognition. It is really cute, too. It kept my son busy during a 7-hour car ride.
Granddaughter crazy about it  Cute, and as advertised.  My granddaughter loved it!  It made a great holiday gift for her.  Glad I chose it.
This was great price and I didn't have to go wait in any lines. Lol my son loves it with his elf.
Five Stars-Love it!  I am so insanely happy with this accidental one click purchase! It is so high quality and perfect. It makes me smile every time I see it.
Very good!  Very good!
Great  This is my toddlers favorite toy. It can keep her busy for a long time and fits easy in my bag.
At last!  It was quite an effiort to find these when they originally came out and thus it was a pleasure to be able to find one now. Precisely what I was looking for and the right  holly jolly touch for the holidays
Cutie pie puppy!  Bought this little cutie as a prop for a skit I performed in for a dear friend's milestone birthday.  She has a little Yorkie dog and this little guy sat on my lap as I answered questions from "Barbawa Wawa."  Very fun.
as expected.
Accurate and fast
Not my favorite Sailor, but...  This plush of Usagi is just too cute to resist! It was the first anime I've watched and this month the manga will finally be released in my country (Yeah...just about *two* decades later). *-* Anyway... love it!
love them  very cute,  pretty accurate for what they are nice way to represent jellyfish.  adorable
Babies love this doll so that has to be a five!
grandsons favorite
Kid loved it!
I love my stuffie it's amazing
It's a stuffed animal so yeah
Cute bunny  I had just watched the DVD "Miss Potter" and got enthused with the Beatrix Potter books. I bought the boxed set of books and then decided to buy this bunny. He was too cute to pass up. My grandson will love him. He looks well made.  The packaging shows off the toy well. I'd buy it again.
Perfect  The stuffed animal is perfect in quality.  It is heavy duty and has survived many "flights".  Wings are wired and can be bent into different shapes.
Super fast shipping & better than picture!!
Cute Flying Mint Bunny!  The flying green mint bunny plush (from Hetalia) is about the size of my hand. A better visual of approximate size, for people who've seen Hetalia, is that it is a little smaller than it appears in the anime. The plush has a yellow loop on the back near the ears. The bottom of it has the pellet filling to keep it from rolling over. I thought about hanging it from my car, but it seems there's a separate mint bunny for that, which looks like it can suction onto a window or loop around the rearview mirror with one of those loops that you can reattach to itself (this one:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hetalia-Youseisan-Car-Plush-Hanging-Accessory/dp/B0066XCF0S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hetalia Youseisan Car Plush Hanging Accessory</a>&nbsp;). Adorable and squishy!
Great value and excellent quality!  Beautiful plush toy and great price, my Granddaughter is thrilled with her new puppy!
My Favorite  I have many plush pets but this has to be one of my favotites. Pari is the only one i sleep with. Great job!!!
I love this Elmo  I love this Elmo.  I bought it for my 2 year old grandson and he loves it too.  It is a bit smaller than I envisioned, but the sound and mouth actions are better than I expected.
Really Cute  Really cute plates, but couldn't use because I did not realize they were all Christmas plates. Would like to see them made for four seasons.
my baby granddaughter loved this toy  While this isn't the same as the 'old' gloworms, my baby granddaughter loved this toy!  She cuddled it and was able to easily make the worm glo and play music at 9 months old.  Mom and Dad says it's a nightly bedtime companion!
Big  It is big and well made.  My son LOVES it and sleeps with it every night.  Great purchase.  Highly recommend.
Alora diffusers  Alora has the cleanest smelling diffusers. I purchase 3 of the scents and love them
Good quality  My son loves his stuffies. This is one of his favorite.
Super cute stuffed animal and unusual  Adorable, but small.
Very Cute!  Very Cute!
Great Product!  Fast Shipping, Great Product!
Good product
Perfect for pig lovers  Bought this for my niece for Christmas, who was 2 1/2. Recently heard she carries it everywhere and loves Penny the Piggy! She liked Peppa Pig so I thought maybe she would like this. It's soft and colorful, really cute.
Love love love the giraffe.!!!  My 2 toddlers LOVE this giraffe. It's so big they like to play horsey on it. Would definitely recommend it and purchase again.
It's not too big and it's super soft. Easily goes in the washing machine too  My son loves his duckie. It's not too big and it's super soft. Easily goes in the washing machine too. Winning all around!
Satisfied  Looks just like picture!
super cute, exactly what I was hoping it would  Soft, super cute, exactly what I was hoping it would be
Good
super plush for a great price and arrive before time... For Christmas
Grandson recommended  I purchased this for our Christmas family on the recommendation from my grandson (he had one when he was younger).
I love the delivery and plush toy results
Soooo Cute!
She is simply adorable
So cute!  Who doesn't love  Olaf???  This is so cute and I expect him to start singing any minute!!  It's the perfect gift for all ages, love it!!
Great price great gift for Valentine's Day.
This is adorable! My 6yo is going to love it  This is adorable! My 6yo is going to love it, and it's much better quality than most of the Ralts I've seen for similar prices.
Love this Tigger  This is really a great stuffed tigger! I was very happy with it, size, weight, quality of the product over all is excellent!
Received on time and as expected.
My daughter loves it!
Gizmo  It looks great,and I recieved it fairly quick. It looks exactly like in the picture;does not look cheap at all. I would order from this company again.
perfect
My son loved it!
This is adorable my son loves it
Too cute  Too cute. Gift for my grandson. I guess this character is rare because it was double the price. Hey, what are grandma's for...
good
great product and price
Fast delivery , very cute doll
Super cuddly!!!  My friend loved it!!!! She's obsessed.
Family member loves it. Thank you.
Gift  Christmas gift for new grandson.  Cookie monster is a great gift for any child.  Well made, will last for years to come!
no problems
Great quality, and very cute  This was a gift for a 3-year-old girl. Great quality, and very cute!
but works great, and its fun to play  Had to use a game shark, but works great, and its fun to play.
Great price!!!  This toy is cute if you want a stuffed minion.  The only thing, it took over a month to get it after ordering it.
Cute toy  This is a great toy to go with the books.  My nephew loves it.  The toy does not look cheap.
He came just in time so soft and fluffy!!!!!!!  Really cute and soft
Very nice quality and looks very much like the real Snuffy
Again...I have fallen for a giant microbe  Giant microbes is getting slightly lazy, as this pretty much resembles about 20 other figures, but hey....it's not like they're trying to pull a fast one. And this one is slightly more contagious, so that's worth the extra dough.
Love it!  My son Loves this plush he loves playing with it with all his Mario Character plushes.
adorable
Fun for an Adult Christmas toy  My sons (in their 40s) and my Grandsons (in their mid twenty's) expect a toy every Christmas.  Usually it is something they can shoot at each other (like marshmallows)  However this year that was forbidden by my daughter so I decided to purchase the monkeys.  Believe me there was a lot of screaming monkey's flying around the house.  Even the Great Grandchildren joined in. I am so glad I decided on them.
Beatiful toy! Just as the pic! Didnt take as much time as the post says to arrive
This was awesome to complete my chestburster Halloween costume  This was awesome to complete my chestburster Halloween costume. To get the wet slimy just burst from the chest look, I coated this in clear silicon (found in a tube at any home improvement store) and added liquid / gel blood. Was a hit.
5 stars  Very cute plush .. the colors are light and I love it so much .. great buy
great for keeping son occupied  My son is 2.5 and obsesses with buckles, so this was perfect. He plays with it for 30 minutes at a time. GREAT for car rides or when you're out and need something to keep them occupied!
So cute and soft Sanei Plushie!  It is so cute plushie. Has good quality , fluffy and soft.
My son loved it that he ordered all of them with his Christmas money!  Both my sons loved their Avenger dolls. Now we have a house full of them! Good quality and good for all ages.
Little Prince Doll  Perfect Little Prince doll for a 3 year old !!  She even brought it Trick or Treating with her!!
It's so beautiful! Thank you very much
excellent product, excellent seller
Great present kinda small but was perfect size for my little niece as a gift
Give me a stuffed poppy now!!!!! I mean please.
talking supergrover  this is a great toy. my granddaughter is just 1 year old and she went absolutely crazy over it. so glad I bought it for her.
Arrived on time and it was perfect. Very pleased
: ): ):  :) :) :)
So cute  I love it and the plush is so soft! <3
Perfect for my grandson to be born in April.  This is so cute and very cuddly, I think my grandson will love it. I can't wait to see him play with it.
Love it!  My son recently started watching Mickey Mouse, he loves this!  The ears make noise and it's the perfect size for him.
Very Cute Toy  I was so pleased with this product when it came in.  In the past, plush characters always seem to be creepy looking but Ariel is very cute.  She's large and my 3 year old niece absolutely loves her.  It's well constructed and very soft so my niece can sleep with her.  Good product!
Adorable axolotl, my friend loved it.
Great plush!
Awesome 
Our one-year-old granddaughter loves this toy.
Pirate Foxy Plush  It is a good quality stuffed animal. There is a small hole underneath the eye patch where Foxy's eye should be that I want to sew it up. My son won't let me though as it is where Foxy lost his eye so there should be a hole. For a smaller child, I'd definitely sew it up before giving it to them. Not appropriate for a toddler as there are small parts that could be bitten off, like the nose. It looks durable though and is soft as a plush should be.  Arrived ahead of the estimated date.
... for my larger stuffed toys so this was a perfect fit.  Running out of room for my larger stuffed toys so this was a perfect fit.
Gotta love Elmo!  Grandbaby loves to carry this Elmo around the house with her. Gund Sesame Street Take Along Elmo 12" Plush was shipped promptly, as described, great quality.
Perfect for daughter's birthday goodie bags
Our 1-year-old loves this Elmo!  He's big, but not too gigantic. Our daughter loves to snuggle with him and climb on him, etc. Other reviews say that his cardboard mouth is hard and might hurt your child it Elmo falls on him/her incorrectly, but I disagree. When Elmo was delivered, his mouth was the first thing I checked, and it's just like any other stuffed doll's mouth. I don't think there's need for any worry. This Elmo is big, soft, colorful, snuggly....It was a great purchase!
loves her zebra and baby  Our 4  year old granddaughter is in LOVE with mama zebra and baby.  She carries it everywhere and sleeps with it also.
It was a great gift
great toy  great toy for any child who is obsessed with buckles. Great size to bring anywhere. My 16 month  old loves it!
Great item!!! Our daughter loved it!
Exactly what he was looking for!
Ive bought 2 of these because my Baby is obsessed. I keep one in her bedroom and let her carry the other one around. Now I don't have to wash it every day!
This stuffed Dog is amazing. Hes very nice to snuggle  This stuffed Dog is amazing.  Hes very nice to snuggle.  The detail is incredible and the price was excellent.  It really looks exactly like what I thought kyle the dog would look like.  Even each tooth is a small piece of felt.  Its wonderful.
My son loved it
got it for my brother
My Little Buddy  He is exactly what I expected but even better.  He's medium small but not too small.  Is true to the picture and Enjoy the line.
Cute toy!  My dogs love these ugli dolls. This one is cute and has lasted for months. Still looks good.
Neice loved it. She had one that was getting pretty scraggly. It was dark so we went on line to find out why the different color. Turns out the lighter ones are the original from Japan. She loves it.
Excellent price and seller.  Bigger than I thought. Awesome item. Awesome price. Fast shipping. Very happy
cute and creepy  GOOD :  FLUFFY !!!  CUTE !!!  NAME IS NOO DOO !!!  WORKS WITH I PAD !!!  LOVE IT !!!  FUZZY  !!!  BAD :  Uses to much batteries. Expensive. Creepy when sleeps with eyes open.
was the perfect size.  nice product, better then what I thought it would be.
Came in WONDERFUL condition - received his hat and sash and everything looks great. Would definitely buy again.
I <3 I Heart Guts  I've purchased from I Heart Guts before and I've been pleased every time. My gall bladder purchase was no exception. My friend loved getting this the night before her gall bladder surgery. The product is great and it arrived as promised.
bought it for my granddaughter, she was thrilled, carries with her everywhere
It arrived earlier that expected and was exactly what I wanted
Was a gift for my daughter's friend.  She loved it.  It was a good value for the price.
Great first toy/soother for baby  My 2.5 year old daughter has several Moulin Roty toys and they are all high quality.  I got this one for my new baby boy and I was skeptical that a baby that young would like it.  My son is now eight weeks old and he loves to grasp it and shakes his head back and forth on the bunny's ears and hands.  This lovey is also great because the fabrics are soft, it has a Velcro strap to attach a pacifier, and it washes beautifully.  Moulin Roty is more expensive than other toy brands, but the design and materials can't be beat.  Just buy the lovey--- your baby will thank you.
It was perfect
Granddaughter loves it. She is only 14 months old so she will have many more months to play with it.
Great squirrels!  My little girl rode around with this tied to her bike rack which is a testament to its quality.
Great Plush  Its a amazing plush buy it!
Thanks. He's so cute
stepdaughter loves this  My stepdaughter asked for this for Christmas. It's cute in person and she loves it. So far so good
My 4 yr old nephew loves it.  This was a wonderful Christmas gift to my 4 yr old nephew. It looks life-like. He was "hunting alligators" in the swamp.
Great gift!  Love it! I got this for a Christmas gift and it was perfect. The giraffe has a mechanism that allows to bend the neck and legs to your liking. It is very well made and super adorable.
My son really enjoyed this.
My grandson loves !
He's not as big as some of the other stuffed animals but he is very sturdy and looks exactly as he does in the games  Dry Bones is so cute in person. He's not as big as some of the other stuffed animals but he is very sturdy and looks exactly as he does in the games. Love!!!
Lovely little plush  Another one of the Angry Bird Star Wars plush toys that my grandchildren temp me to buy!  This one is so soft and fun.  They love it.
darling, so so very cute!
She loved it!!!
Was a gift that went over very well.
My kids are obSESSED with stingrays and they LOVE this new plushie!!
it's a must have  i got it for my niece  and when she saw it she went ecstatic over them all she could say was "Doc Mstuffins, lambie, chilly, hallie,STUFFY" she love stuffy
awesome  dolls  These dolls are the cutest things. I was so pleased with them. And for the price..can't  lose.
GOOD
Pooh's pals...  I had to get Eeyore to go with the Pooh. My granddaughter loves him too...especially with the detachable tail! Thank you! Quality at a great price, too!
LOVE these times 5.  That's how many I've purchased.  My granddaughter loved her Silly Buddy we had to order extras so she'd have one when the other was being washed (they hold up great in both washer and dryer)!  She's 3 and still insists on having hers at bedtime or anytime she is stressed.  Knew right away when her baby brother was on the way that I'd be buying more.  Also purchased two more for a friend having twins.
Granddaughter loves it
Elmo is great  My god-daughter loves that he talks and that he's so soft. She also loves that he wears clothing. She thinks he's really cute and he helps her sleep at night. His mouth is wide enough to insert rings for pretend chewing. This is a great alphabet teaching doll. We all like Elmo and he likes all of us.
Five Stars!  Smaller than I expected but great quality!
just the right size  super cute and good buy.
love it
Absolutely wonderful!  Absolutely wonderful and 100% real, with Pokemon Center tags and everything. The body is bendable, too. It's soft and well-made and very nice to look at (as well as hug)! My only gripe is the way it was shipped. Instead of a box, it came rolled up in a tight bag, making the parts such as the horns crooked. It's easily fixable; you just need to hold it straight for a few minutes to fix it, so no permanent damage. If you can specify it being shipped in a box, I would do so. But other than that it is perfect.
My granddaughter loves this doll and the Anna doll too! I like them because for a 5 year old the hair doesn't get messed up because its a plush. And besides it talks too which is a plus!
My grandson loves it.  My grandson loves the cartoon show about Cat inn the Hat and was so excited to find a stuffed Cat in the Hat in his Christmas stocking.  Although he does not get excited about stuffed animals in general, he loves this one. The size is just right for him.
IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND!  Excellent Star War Plush Character - IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND!
Very Cute and Well Made  This horse will be perfect for my granddaughter. It's a nice size and has a lot of cute details, like a bandana and a removable saddle. The price was a bargain in my opinion.
Cute doll - Needed it for work and it was just as pictured.
Doc McStuffins Set  It was exactly what I was hoping for! My daughter will love it for her 4th birthday! Thank you!! Perfect condition!
Gift for son along with others and he loved it
Very cute  I bought this to complete my 2 year old granddaughter's set of Yo Gabba Gabba plush animals.  She loves this show and watches it intently whenever it is on.  I watch it with her and I know all the songs and dances in the show.  In fact if you ever decide to do a Yo Gabba Gabba party, and need semi-okay entertainment I'm your girl! As for this toy, it is soft and well made.  All of the seams are sewn tightly and I believe it will hold up to anything a 2 year old dish out.  I've never seen this toy in any of our area stores so I was very excited to find it here on Amazon.  There are no small parts that I could see.  He is very cuddly and I can't wait to give it to her for Christmas.  If she doesn't like it I'm going to keep it.  By the way, the shipping was very fast and it arrived exactly when they said it would.
My grandbaby's favorite toy.  It took a while to get here since it's coming from China, but it works well (sings) and is soft.  She loves her Barney, so I love it!
Grandson loved it
Amazing detail  I'm a anime head I love it all from dragon ball z to one piece to naruto nd I must say as my first plush to start my collection I am very impressed I love the detail this picture does no justice when it arrived I was more then happy that this was my first choice it has amazing detail for a plush it is incredibly accurate to the anime character if you are a fan of bleach this is a must have it is a great price
Sweet little Doc Mcstuffins kids will love!  beautifully sewn/sculpted little doll looks just like "Doc"!
Gift for granddaughter  My granddaughter loves this! Since she lives in Tennesee and I live in Florida I have not seen this.
Adorible!  I loved how it looks and it is built very well! It also can stand up on it's own!
ADORABLE and great quality!  I loved Inside Out and this toy is just too cute
Great quality. Authentic Disney product.
Bought as a gift little girl loves it
Way toooooo cute!!!!!!!!!
Cutest, softest elephant!  Ssoooooo soft and adorable, and fairly large too, for the price. Exceeded expectations!
Grand daughter loves it!
I have bought items like this in the past for cancer patients to take with while having treatment. they loved iy
Adorable Tauntaun plush for any Star Wars fan!  Adorable Tauntaun plush.  He is a smaller version, about 12 inches.  He's one of the cutest ones I ever seen. Great for a Star Wars fan for birthday or a stocking stuffer for Christmas (his bottom feet will fit in the stocking and he can peek out, great to see Christmas morning). Highly recommend.
Perfect in every way!
Authentic Disney Store  This is the true authentic Disney Store plush. It's 11", sturdy & plump. You can even take the sweater off!
I liked them because they were so cute .
Cute and small  This is a cute dinosaur. Make sure you read the description if you're looking for a larger Dino because this is not that toy. It is a nicely made Beanie Baby type Dino. My son is 3 so it fits his hands perfect.
Fuzzy & nice  My daughter loves these. They are cute and cuddly. A good size to travel and take along. Washable and easy to maintain.
Love it, want the rest!  I love my adorable little Vaporeon. Are all the Eevee-lutons for sale? Because I'm dying for the rest of the set <3
My granddaughter LOVE'S her Elmo
Perfect!  This is an awesome toy! He even says ten different things! My nephew loves it! Perfectly safe for any child.
Love him!  Gave him to my husband for Christmas - Gossamer is his favorite and, unfortunately, the one he had was stolen!  :(  He was so happy!!!!  Beautifully made!!!!
Buy two!  My daughter loves this! It's small and perfect for travel. We bought two!
In this case the Japanese version of mew was definetly the way to go!
Adorable  Super purchase. My granddaughter's eyes were tremendous on Christmas morning. She absolutely loved this Elmo and he is twice her size.
Just adorable! They arrived on time & in great shape  Just adorable!  They arrived on time & in great shape...perfect surprise for my daughter & her friend when they arrived to the show this weekend!
Nice designed plush
didnt look cheap like some of the cloth dolls ive got before nice  Cute doll, didn't look cheap like some of the cloth dolls ive got before nice quality
So cute  He's adorable. Bought this for my friend's daughter and she loves him. Semi-soft and identical to the picture. Cheapest price I've found, as I've seen it more expensive in stores.
For my Mario Fan  I purchased this for my son who loves Super Mario. Him and his younger brother have many stuffed toys similar to this one. Once he found out, from YouTube, that this specific one exists he asked for it for months. I decided to get Flying Squirrel Mario for him because he has had excellent behavior in school (he's in kindergarten).  He was thrilled when he opened the package.  Mario is cute and soft. The stitching is impeccable and it won't easily come apart.  My son says: "I would tell anyone to buy it because it looks cool and he can fly. You'll need to hold your hands under his arms not to hurt him."
Better Than Stores  Love it and $2 cheaper than Wal-Mart, without the hassle. Great size, clean, fully stuffed/plush.  I would've submitted a picture, but looks exactly as depicted.
We bought this for our granddaughter for her second birthday.  She had just seen a live piggie at Easter (which helped), but three months later, Piggie sits front and center on her big girl bed!
Great toy  My 2 year old loves llama llama. He carries him around every where he goes. Definitely a great toy. Thanks
Great Pokemon!  Bought this for my nephew as a Christmas gift.  In his words, "BEST CHRISTMAS EVER!!"  Translation, best uncle ever. Was received super fast and could not be more pleased.
Funny giggles
Awesome!
Great Toy  I purchased this for my grand daughter, she loved this little dog . She carries it around with her everywhere she goes. One of the best buys I have made.
Loves it
Super cute and very durable I was worried about it being a tad flimsy but nope very well made.
Grand daughter loves him!
Cute, stands up on its own, and cheap.
Requested by my grandson and he loves it.
Very cute!  My child loves it! It has numerous sayings just like in the show. It's a bit small for the price, but we are happy with the purchase. We will probably buy the others as well.
wonderful x  Excellent toy! I thought my 1 and 1/2 would like... but i was when'd she loves it!
Little Ugly Ninja Batty Shogun  I love ALL of the UglyDoll products. They are so cute and creative! This particular uglydoll is only 6 inches in length (quite small in comparison with the regular sizes of 12 inches). Definitely worth the buy (for kids of all ages)!  I received this Ugly Doll as a present from my family and I LOVE it! I love every one of their products and I am NEVER disappointed in the quality or the uniqueness of it. I love the color and the size. I have bought Ugly Doll products for several of my friends. They all love it! Well worth the price! I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!  The material feels like fleece - very soft. The pieces for the eyes and teeth feel like a regular cotton fabric. Note: The tags say hand washing or something similar but they are VERY durable. Just throw them on the top of whatever your washing and then throw it in the dryer.  Conclusion: A great gift for all ages. The "stuffed animal" is soft and durable. A perfect gift for those who love quirkym unique items. I have never had a problem
good  I really like it.  I prepare to give my boyfriend for a special day.  Thank you very much.  That's all
Great Plush Toy  I own a lot of Pok&eacute;mon plushes and I got this for an infant nephew for Christmas. This thing is SO soft and SO well made that Id put it past Tomy quality and put it next to Pok&eacute;mon Center quality. Excellent buy!
Great job  It was amazing, adorable, and was excellently shipped.
Love them
I am a retiree so I start Christmas shopping early. My granddaughter absolutely LOVES her mermaid items I ordered
my girl loved it
Snoopy arrived as promised and is in excellent condition
Plush and cuddly  We were able to purchase this cheaper here than elsewhere. It  was exactly as pictured and very soft and cuddly. It was an instant hit  with the children.
Perfect!!!!  This is such an adorable toy!! I love it, well made!
Awesome! Large and appears to be built to last  Awesome! Large and appears to be built to last.  After a few months it's still keeping up with our toddler.
love love love  Thank you, love love love.
Well Worth It!  Our son LOVES the Grinch and he really loves this stuffed Grinch. Very soft, nice size. No shedding or strange, chemicalish odor.
My daughter things my grandson will love it.
Cute and fuzzy and perfect  My friend loved it. The real deal (I was definitely a bit skeptical at first). Can't go wring with a pika-gyrados.
Amazing  This is a amazing donkey kong plush buy this you need this in your life your a bad person if u don't buy this
Great seller! The product came intact!!
Adorable as usually my nephew will love them!
Present for our grandchild  This is what our grandchild wanted for Christmas and it looks just like the picture, ugly, but what she wanted!
Super cute!  Looks real.  Would make any hedgehog fan happy.
One of my daughter's favorite toys.
Adorable.
Perfect My Grandson loves them  Items as described, Perfect My Grandson loves them.
Love this doll and what the "pretty inside" message says!
HUGE..Love it  I was a bit worried spending so much for just 'an Easter baske'..,but this exceeded my expectations..its so big I have to get more toys for my grandson to fill it...its adorable, well made, came so fast and packed great.  and the company is awesome also, had a question after ordering it Saturday and they called me back Sunday morning.  Nothing at all negative about this item, love it and would order it again...thank you guys
soft and cute  My 5 yr old boy loves Kirby and now loves this teddy ;) Do note bottom of feet contain cardboard to allow to stand. My son doesnt mind. still cuddily
was adorable and better than expected
Adorable, not super large  We love this but it's not as large as expected. I probably should have brought out the measuring tape to realistically see the size. But it's a great size for a toddler.  Just not "large".  Super soft and cuddly though!
My son's favorite gift this year!!
Love it!  This was a hit! My four year old adores it.
very nice
Good for pleasing kids  Grand kid is happy
Gift  A great gift for a child
I LOVE IT
Love it  So freaking cute!! The stitching is complete, no holes or tears. It is very soft material but it is a little smaller than i thought but it even states it is a small package so it is perfect!!! I would say about 6 inches tall and maybe 6 inches around. I can't wait to give it to my daughter!!
Loved it! Exactly as pictured
Perfect my kid love it
Pug Love  Granddaughters loved this little Pug.  Bought 2 of them for each granddaughter.  Looks just like grandma's.
Too Cute!  This is just the cutest stuffed animal. My daughter got something on it the first day and it had to be cleaned. I popped it in a pillowcase to wash it and tumbled it on low for about 30 minutes - then hung it up to dry the rest of the way. still looks like new!
Great plush.  As big as I thought it would be.
Precious!!  Absolutely adorable!!!  Haven't opened the carefully packed [clear] wrapper, but it appears to be beautifully made.  Am considering ordering a second one for my great-granddaughter, whose grandmother is Korean.
My two-year-old loves it  My two-year-old is very into buckles these days and he could spend hours playing with this toy
This was gift for my friends daughter and she loves it!!
Adorable
My teenage son loves it!
Arrived on time and is just perfect!  My granddaughter loves her new Tinkerbell!! Arrived on time and is just perfect!
Works great (and has an off button)  This is everything I expected a musical pirate hat to be: musical and pirate-hat shaped. Works great (and has an off button).
Adorable Extra-Large Super-Cuddly Vaporeon!   I had previously ordered the Shiny purple Vaporeon plushie, and I soon found that a regular normal-coloured version of the same plush was also available. Vaporeon is such an awesome Pokmon! I love this adorable aquatic feline (based on the legendary Merlion creature), and this unique plush is probably the best-designed, best quality, and largest Vaporeon you will ever find!  The colours are lovely and vivid, shades of icy cyan and cerulean blue  100% accurate to the real Vaporeon. Secondly, he is VERY large (about 14 inches tall from the tip of the fin on his forehead to his paws), super-soft, and plumply stuffed. The outer material is extremely soft (sublimely so) and of stellar quality; the plush is also very durable, yet cuddly and squashy soft. He is perfect to cuddle with. Also, every detail is beautifully accurate -- his ear fins, his frilly white mane, the spines lining his back and tail (which are very soft and felt-like), his mermaid-like tail, his big black eyes, and adorable feline face. His tail is wrapped gracefully around his body, and he is in sitting position, able to stand up on his own. Such cute paws, and a little plump tummy. Everything about this Vaporeon plush is "purrfect"! This plush, made from an unofficial custom pattern, is of the highest quality possible!  He is the "twin brother" to my Shiny Vaporeon plush, and these two look so cute together! They are completely identical in design, only different in colour (see included comparison photos). I am an obsessed Eevee/Eeveelution fanatic, so both versions are essential pieces to my collection. They are adorably harmonious together in contrasting blue and purple. :3  If you are an Eeveelution fan, I highly recommend this plush. You will not be disappointed! It is great for true Pokmon fans of all ages -- superb for a collection, or just simply to snuggle with.
grand kids love it
DifferentVery Cool!  My nephew went crazy over this toy!! Big hit with the whole family
No complaints and one reallly happy kid!  I purchased this for my six year old to add to his collection. Item is as expected. No complaints and one reallly happy kid!
My daughter loves peppa pig
Love the Iron Golem he is soft and cuddly for a funny looking guy.
Matched the description perfectly.
Great quality  Very nice quality toy, soft and gentle feel to the fabric. My son loves loves loves this toy. Could be a little bigger in size to match the price though
Love it.
Ty Beanie Baby Hello Kitty  This beanie is so adorable!  The size is perfect for my niece's daughter and she is so into Hello Kitty she'll really love it too. I especially like your selection of the hello kitty beanies. The pink tutu beanie is going to be a hit!
Awesome toy!  Awesome! This was the "hit" toy for Christmas.  My son went bonkers. I liked that it is poseable and all the teeth in it. He took an old t-shirt, cut a hole in it and colored around it with red marker.  The pictures are awesome!  He loves Aliens vs Predator and the chest burster is one of his favorite things in the entire film.  I would definitely recommend this to any fan.
My granddaughters ages 2 and 4 love them. They are well made and well loved  These dolls are so cute. My granddaughters ages 2 and 4 love them. They are well made and well loved.
Love BobOmb  My kids are obessed with Super Mario charaters. This seems to be a quality made item.
So cute!  I ordered this for a Christmas present. It arrived on time, and was a perfect gift.
Fast arrival and simply adorable.
So cute! My daughter loves her princess Peppa!
If you can not find it go to you  I was very pleased with this product. It is always good to have a extra battery and you have hard to find ones. Thank you for your service.
good  not as big as i expected but is is nice and good quality , expected it to be bigger d d
Adorable  Got them for my son... they were adorable he loves them
misfit collection piece  Adorable
Love it.  Arrived quickly. Love it.
excellent  excellent
my niece loved her gifts. A+ service
happy  had the whole gang except for dj lance. my girls are so happy to have a complete set now
received pretty quickly  Very cute and well made
Doesn't feel Cheap or like some carnival toy.
Stuffed Saully  Purchased as a gift for my grandson. He loves the Monster Inc. movies so he jumped for joy when he got this as a gift.
great stuffed animal  I bought this for my 6 year old nephew who loves it. It was much cheaper than buying it at a store.
Cute as can be  Awesome and adorable!
Great!
Flareon is my favorite pokemon and its so freaking adorable and soft  >//< Kyyaaa! Flareon is my favorite pokemon and its so freaking adorable and soft!!!
Get it.
Wonderful!  Item arrived on time and as described! This was a Christmas gift for my mom, who is currently out of the home for medical reasons, so Im very happy to see that she did in fact get it.
Very happy with the purchase  My son was so excited! He loves them. They are toys are larger then I thought. Very happy with the purchase.
Sweet plush Eastern bluebird  Nice quality bird. Wings are fixed. My daughter loves it.
love it
Good  My son lived it. Good gift
Boo!!!  I have a "Boo"!  Recieved him in a very timley manner. Boo is going riding with me on my motorcycle!  Our little girl Snowball rides with my husband.  Thanks!
This is a Christmas present!
Great product  As described
so soft & cute  i've been buying these for all of my friends new babies for a few years now, they're awesome!
Perfect size and texture  Perfect size and texture, my one and a half year old  loves him. He sleeps with him every night! Highly recommend
Great baby Dumbo  My daughter started watching Dumbo over, and over and over and over..... so we decided to give her, her own baby Dumbo. She LOVES it. Sleeps with it every night and cant sleep without it. Its super soft and cuddly.
My dog loved it. Super soft.
WE LOVE OUR MINGUS PUPPET  WE LOVE OUR MINGUS PUPPET!!! Monkeys are the spirit animal of my relationship, so we purchased him to be the tree topper of our first Christmas tree together. He is great quality. He makes us so happy.
Great Elmo!  Big hit with our 2 yr old grandson. Soft and lightweight so easy for a little one to carry.
Great toy!  Purchased for my nephew for Christmas. He is 3 and can be pretty rough with his toys. Love that it's all plush so he doesn't damage anything in the house when playing rough!
Love her!
Great stocking stuffer!
Adorable. My daughter was so excited when she saw it. Wish we had gotten the others in the collection... maybe for Christmas.
Super cute!
Awesome doll  This Sorcerer Mickey doll is awesome. The 24" is the perfect height for a toddler who loves Disney, and Mickey especially.
My students loved him! In my opinion  Bought this to be an "elf on the shelf" in my classroom. My students loved him! In my opinion, much cute than the actual elf on the shelves, and very soft! Easily contorted into different positions, but is a bit top heavy.
Great price great product!!!  It was great!!! My kiddo was supper happy with it!!!
So cute!  Seriously cute abd alot bigger than expected. He sheds a little but I adore him. Great for my Hana Solo costume this Halloween.
Good quality.  Exactly as described. Good quality.
Exactly as described!
I love him so much, he's the perfect addition to my room.
Outstanding quality for a low price.  Bought these as gifts and people love them! Quality is incredible, they are really soft and seem to be durable.
she loves it!
SUCH A SWEET FACE.  This is the second Beatrix Potter stuffed toy that I have ordered from Amazon.  Like the Jemima Paddle Duck stuffed toy that I also ordered, Peter Rabbit is very nice.  He has a very sweet face, his jacket well made, and he is sturdy but very appealing.  As a new comer to Amazon, I have been very pleased with the items, shipping, packaging, and customer service.  I will be returning often.  Thank you.
Love for the Cube  I bought this for my daughter's birthday, and since she's received it, she's never had it far from her at night, as she sleeps with it.  She loves her companion cube, and knows it will never harm her.
Great quality and the perfect size for my toddler  Great quality and the perfect size for my toddler. You aren't supposed to machine wash and dry but I had to and he's still in great shape!
Steven Universe  cuteness  My kid loved it!!
Top-notch Service: Reliable, Accurate, Fast, Excellent Condition & Great Values.  Hakuna Matata = There are no problems, Simba in The Lion King., September 8, 2012 Excellent - Merchandise arrived as described, excellent condition, prompt and well packaged, great quality, value and dependable service - I'm a happy camper: Thanks, and may the Force be with you!
Awesome  Love em..lol
Great gifts.  All so soft and cuddleable. Great gifts.
Good quality.
high priced but very soft and cute  its a little high in price, but my little one loves it with her nap mat we bought that matches it
Great purchase  Loved it!
My nephews LOVE them.
My granddaughter love it.
... product came a day early so we were very happy.  My 3 year old loves this toy and the product came a day early so we were very happy.
beautiful  Excellent peppa pig
Drift Charm  Bought this to hang from my tow hook on the car.  So far has held up great in all weather!
My grandson loves this and the seller is awesome to work with!!
Great! Couldn't ask for a better slug stuffed animal for my soon to be 3 -slug loving- little one!;-)
cute  my daughter loves barney and had to get this.  to activate it, you have yo press right above his tail which is awkwatd.  wojld be easier if in the belly or hand.  but still cute.
Happy  My kid is suuuuuper happy with this toy...  Soft, cuddle, love it! In my opinion, the price is right... Thank you very much
he's so cute  SO CUTE!!
My son loves it!  My 2 year old son is quite active so doctor's offices and any long car rides were hard, but he is OBSESSED with buckles so this is perfect. Depending on his mood this can hold his attention for 20-30 minutes, which is like hours in non-toddler time. I like that it has different levels of challenge... you can have him just buckle randomly or try to get him to match colors. It also has animals and numbers that catch his attention. We keep it in the car in case we ever need him to sit still and he's always excited to see it. Great find!
she will love it
they are nice toys for small  Daughter loves them. they are nice toys for small childern
excellent material continues as new
Thank you
A Beautiful plush toy!  Douglas Cuddle Toys are generally very high quality and gorgeously crafted. This is no exception.  This is a magnificent and beautiful unicorn that does stand up on its own (most plush unicorns can only lay down).  The little touches, like the necklace are welcome and her horn is a shiny gold material.  She's quite soft and my daughter just loves her.
Pretty!  So glad they finally made a human Luna plush! Perfect details
Adorable and fun.  This is a great purchase for anyone who loves snowmen.  Nice and soft!  The hat and scarf are sewn on so they won't get lost.
My niece loved playing with this doll, while watching the movie of course!
Outstanding Tool  My Leatherman h502 is, for me, a perfect tool.  I say "tool" because it is much more than just a knife.  The bottle opener/carabiner works great attaching the tool to a belt loop.  Removing a bottle top is a little tricky, but it works.  I love the fact that I always have multiple screwdriver sizes at my disposal as part of the tool.  And, of course, the knife blade is great.  It is easy to open and locks open to prevent inadvertent closure.  The stainless steel blade is really sharp and holds its edge well.  Overall, a sturdy, well made, outstanding tool.  The only improvement I can suggest is making the thumb knob so that it can be placed on either side of the blade.  I'm left handed, so for me this feature is unusable.
Plasma  Very cute toy, especially as a teaching aid or for a healthcare professional.
good quality  My son really wanted dry bones and was very happy with this. I was very pleased with the quality!
nephew loved it! Perfect item!
My 2 year old loves this Elmo
THE BABY DROOL!!111!!  I love this! I see nothing wrong with it, its perfect! Even though my baby cousin got a hold of it while i was at school (drooled all over it) I still love it lol.
Cute and Soft  Just as cute as pictured. My daughter follows Boo all the time and she loved it. She is 27, Hah!
awesome addition to collection
A+++
Great quality and so soft
it looks just like it does in the photo  Its a darth plush angry bird, it looks just like it does in the photo.
Cute we'll made
Cute Little Bear!  The plush doll is actually very good quality and it's pretty cute! But too bad I didn't get a sense of what a 22''-inch bear is like, so I thought it would be much bigger than the actual doll. But it was my mistake, I still love it very much!
Snorlax  Adorable! Was a gift.
I love this plush  I love this plush. I volunteer doing HIV education so as soon as I saw this, I ordered right away. It's about the size of a basketball, but obviously made of plush instead of rubber. It's more firm than squishy, but far from rock hard so you can definitely cuddle up with it if you desire. Mostly, however, it seems like it works best as a cute decoration or conversation starter. If this size is too big for you, they do make a smaller version (about the size of a large orange).
So Fun!  My daycare kids are obsessed with buckles and this is a fantastic toy to help them with not only their fine motor skills but color matching and sharing.  Great toy!
Perfect! Just as described  Great size and quality
Awesome  Pleasantly surprised, he was huge! Thought he was a small bird... Kids love the plush angry birds. Can be expensive.
Adorable and perfect in every way!
Plays nonstop with magic wand  I purchased the Abby magic wand with sound for a neice's baby's 1st birthday and as soon as the wand was unwrapped, Boy O Boy, was baby excited. She loves her magic wand and refuses to put it down, thankfully the sound is soft enough so its not annoying. I purchased Happy Birthday Abby doll with sound to match with her new Abby magic wand.
Works fine. kids love it
perfect  Perfect and so cute.  Grandson loves it.
Great For Fans of Starwars  Chewie was a gift for my girlfriend's son. He loves everything Starwars and was a great addition to his collection. Super cute little wookie!
let's rumble!!  My grandson's really loved these 'hands on wwe brawlin' buddies. They're tough and can entertaine for hours, thanks for the deal
I like it very much thank you
Excellent material. Soft and cute!
excellent i'm very happy my son loved
This is an awesome plush! I will be purchasing more later  Games From Dan had done it again! This is an awesome plush! I will be purchasing more later.
She is so cute and good quality!
Perfect  I bought this for my son for Christmas this year, it arrived about 1 month earlier than the estimated arrival time which was awesome. It is also exactly as pictured. I am going to have one very excited little boy come Christmas morning.
Super cute
Great product!  Fast shipping! Great product!
Great quality!
Didn't get sick, but got a common cold.  You could use this thing as a pillow. Perfect gift for girlfriends who like... stuffed microbes! Seemingly well made. Appears just as the image but wrapped in plastic, including the eyes.
Absolutely adorable! Well worth the price! My son loves it!
Fun for me...and the kids  This seems to be a really nice quality toy. I know I had fun with it when it arrived! My wife and I are new foster parents, so we're buying a bunch of toys in anticipation of having some little ones in our house.
Wonderful!  Great gift for my daughter.
It was the perfect gift   My 60 year old sister loves him so I bought it for her. It was the perfect gift 
even better than what i thought it would be. 10/10
Very happy with the size  Very happy with the size, softness and stuffing of this item. Exactly what I wanted and expected! Was a Christmas gift and a huge success!
cute
Kids loved it
Thought this was a great price for the size!
FAST SHIP!!  A+++
Cute toy
My niece LOVES this dog. I had to buy her a new one since my dog chewed off his hard nose.
good quality and well made  Gorgeous, good quality and well made, would buy again.
Arrived fast, nephew loved it  My nephew still carries it around 2 months later. Good build quality and detail, although a $20+ stuffed animal seems kinda outrageous.
Perfect gift for a mermaids lover.  My daughter has one and my niece loves it. I brought her one for her birthday. I can't wait to give it to her.
So adorable  Exactly what we were looking for
Perfect  Got this for my wife who is a huge Lilo and Stitch fan. She loves it. Good size too!
MY 8 YEAR NEPHEW LIKET IT A LOT
Granddaughter loves this....
Too cute  Adorable and shipped quickly.
Durable and cute, well worth the price.  This gator is well-made and exactly as advertised.  My son plays with it all the time and it's even been grabbed by the pets on occasion.  It still looks great and shows no sign of wear.
Good quality and has a good washer
Adorable!  This is so adorable! My 2 year old daughters loves this Chewy and carries him everywhere!
My daughter loves Abby Cadabby and the wand makes a magical noise when its moved, so my daughter truly think she's a fairy.
so cute  very soft, super cute, and really looks like Stitch. My daughter flipped out when she saw him under the Christmas tree.
Very adorable product.  Was very surprised at the quality of the plushie.. very soft and adorable.my dog thought it was a real dog and snuggles with it.
Lovely Bear  This is a very well made Boyds Bear.  Very cute. I'm happy with my purchase.
this is so cool  This is a perfect gift to give to someone who is a nerd. I gave this to my girl friend and she LOVES it :)
Cute plush  My daughter loves this little Vaporeon plushy. It's been pretty good. She's had it for a few months now, and it's still in good shape, despite her sometimes throwing it around.
As advertised...  Christmas gift that is well loved.
Very cute!  Very cute! My daughter just turned 6 & loves it!!!
Must have for the collector  Michael has never been cuter.
For the jellyfish obsessed  Super cute. My daughter loved it.
Highly recommended.  My 17 month old can't put it down. The singing puts him to sleep when nothing else does! Highly recommended.
Grand daughter really loved it.
My daughter loves this doll.  Would order again.
This is the first time I am writing a product review.... I am a new mother, my husband and i rely on the cuddle barn jellyfish.  Our son is fascinated with it.  He loves the sounds, the hanging pieces, and the colors.  This toy even came on vacation with us for the "just in case" moments.
Nice gift for a fan  Came on time good workmanship. My kid loves it
My 5yr old who loves alligators thinks he's awesome!!  We named him Snappy... He's cute and soft... My 5yr old who loves alligators thinks he's awesome!!
My toddler loves this doll.  She calls him baby Elmo.
My daughter LOVES these!  These plushes by far surpassed my expectations. My daughter absolutely loves them. They're approximately 7" tall. We had purchased a set I store but these are soooo much better. The set in store didn't have the Dino or bear. The set in store was also not as soft and just looked much cheaper in my opinion. I would purchase these again and again. Perfect for any peppa pig fan :)
Wonderful at bedtime!  We received this as a gift from her grandparents, and it has been a great one!!  Of all the toys she has, this is the ONE we would *immediately* replace were it to finally wear out from all those tummy pushes.  And it gets its batteries changed promptly, every time.  I've even considered buying an identical back-up gloworm, just in case. This really is ideal for infants - not too loud, not too bright, and our daughter figured out how to turn it on herself at about six months.  Five stars! I've seen some older reviews saying that the light doesn't stay on for the full ten minutes or that the songs are just a few seconds long.  Neither statements are true of her gloworm, and I know it's this exact model, so possibly Playskool has updated those features.  Ours was purchased in 2013. Also, as a warning, I've read about the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Sea Horse having an occasional defect that causes the battery compartment to smoke.  From what I read on saferproducts.gov, Fisher Price was made aware of this and did not recall. [...].  So, I would pick this product over Fisher Price.
but glad to add to my collection of plush dolls  A lot smaller than expected, but glad to add to my collection of plush dolls.
Adorable and fun!! My niece loved it!
Present to friend  I got this when it was about $5, it took awhile to get here to. Its small and fits in your hands, if you can get it around $10 its a pretty good deal. But, these normally go for $20+ at cons and that's way too much so try to stay away from that unless you gotta have it.  Pros: - Very plush and soft - Decently accurate to Pokemon for the size  Cons: - Cannot stand on its own, it will fall (It is too top heavy) - Not very maneuverable (but expected of a plush this size)
Great lovey  My son adopted this stuffed animal as his lovey and sleeps with it every night. It is nice and fluffy and the perfect size. Does have small beads in bottom if that is important/not important to you when buying a stuffed animal.
he told us that it was awesome! and that he loved it  This was actually a birthday gift for one of my son's friends..... But, he told us that it was awesome! and that he loved it.
Excellent quality  Excellent quality!
Great soft doll  Very cute soft doll. The face is a soft plastic and the whole body is soft so it's perfect for my daughter to sleep with. She loves Frozen so she is very happy with it and so am I.
Cute and basic  This plushie is a good size and it's soft.
Lovely  Just wow
Cool stuffed toy  Cool stuffed toy,though a bit firm. Baby girl loves the nose and the vibrant colours! Doesn't shed or itch...simply awesome
It was great i use it in videos and it holds up GOOD!
Adorable little buddy  I love this plush.  It is so soft and made really well.  Bigger than I expected too which is always cool.
Great Deal  Three mouse for the price I paid, I'm really satisfied. it has been a year and still works very well. I love Optical mouse because it doesn't need battery and save some environmental hazzard.
Excellen Product  If you want to or need to save space and keep your CDs and DVDs in perfect condition there is no better solution....
Absolutely love it! Nice quality, great work
Adventure Time  My daughter really loved it.. It is what was described in description. Made of nice quality. It also arrived on time.
This is the cutest ever! Very soft and totally worth it. Bought as a gift.
Soft.  Well made
Gift for Daughter  So cute!!!!
EXCELENTE
Great Quality.  My daughter has all of them and loves them all.
Cute toy  My nephew loved this toy and the sounds are very cute. It was a little smaller than I imagined though.
Great Toy!  Son loves it! He got it for his 2nd birthday. His nana is teaching him the alphabet in Spanish and this has helped fill in the gap with English.
one of our favorites  This is my daughter's favorite stuffed animal.  It is the only one she likes to sleep with at night.  We love the Llama Lama books, and this is a great accompaniment.  I recently purchased one of these, along with some books, as a gift for my nephew as well.
Madeline  Lives Up to Her Story  The doll is darling.  Thanks so much for a great product!  We will recommend it to others.  God bless you!
Thanks
Merrymakers Llama Llama Doll  Bought the LLama Llama books for my great granddaughter who thoroughly loves them - we read, read, read and read again. She loves the doll - it is her baby  Hopefull new titles will be forthcoming - I highly recommened all these Llama Llama books
This is the Chewbacca you want!  This is the Chewbacca you want.  My 4 year old is in love with Chewbacca and I searched high and low for one for her christmas gift.  Everything i found on *bay and amazon was fake or cartoon looking and over priced.  This one is PERFECT.  Hair is soft. Great quality. A little small, but the quality makes up for it.
Excellent
Just what I was looking for!  This keepsake box is just the right size to keep valuables in for my baby girl. Can be for either sex though. I love it! So cute!
Perfect for baby  So soft and cuddly!
... a cute Pokmon plushy she he's very cute and fun to play with  This is a cute Pokmon plushy she he's very cute and fun to play with
Super cute looks just as picture shows my child absolutely loves it.
My five year old loves dbz and loved this
Cute Inside Out Plush  This little guy is really cute.  Our daughter wanted him for her 7th birthday.  She loves him and carries him around frequently.  Only minor thing is that his neck is really narrow/small, and when he came in the package, his head was squished to one side, and so his head kind of leans to one side because of his thin neck.  Other than that, he is great.
Mouse & Cookie  Cutest little mouse just like the one in the book And grandson loves it. I think it will be one of his favorites.
Good deal  Bought as a mascot for a food truck. Was perfect
the lighted stuffed animals are so pretty to look at especially at night.
Majestic creature  Nostrils are a little crooked but very handsome nonetheless.
LOVE IT
Perfect Pooh!  It arrived within a few days and matched the description perfectly. For the price and quality of Pooh Bear, I consider this an excellent buy and highly recommend it to others.
Excellent.  Thank-you!
Great product  My students love him
Great adornment for a desk and adorable. Good quality and stays together. Girlfriend was pleased.
We need more Raichu stuff  My girlfriend always wanted something Raichu related since she was a little girl but was annoyed that his lower form Pikachu always stole the spotlight (can't say I blame her, HE'S EVERYWHERE!)  Fortunately, I found this plush and I was able to get it for her for her birthday.  She instantly fell in love with it now that her dream of owning a Raichu plush was finally fulfilled.
Great kitchen gadget every home should have!  This is a cool gadget to have in your home! I know in our home, we go apple picking in the early fall because one of our favorite desserts is homemade apple pie! Now we have a peeler to help with the tedious, painful task of peeling all those apples! It even came with an apple slicer! To be fair, all I've mentioned that this is used for is apples, but really, it can be used for any fruit that needs to be peeled!  I did receive this peeler at a discounted price for my honest opinion. I would recommend this to my family and friends.
He's like a little bean bag with giant ears  Gremlin is so small and so cute! He's like a little bean bag with giant ears. Way better than the gremlins from the 80's. Gizmos detail is outstanding. He looks like he just stepped off the TV! Awesome retro toy for adult millenials that want to grasp a blast from the past!
Fun toys for birthday party gift bags!
so cute
A+  Ill give it 5 stars, its lasted a year so far with a 4 year old who sleeps with it every night and is still in perfect shape.
As expected
... ago and it still works and the kids still love it. Would recommend it for any Elmo lover  Bought this over 3 years ago and it still works and the kids still love it. Would recommend it for any Elmo lover.
Beautiful. Perfect gift for a baby
My daughter loves it!
Great granddaughter loves this.
Exactly as pictured. My wife loves it! Very well made too. Has so many details.
great
High quality plush; shipped quickly  I now have to be careful about buying Pokemon Center plushes nowadays, but I bought this cute Chespin around Jan.-Feb. and was very pleased with it. The material is very soft and everything seems to have been made with great detail and care. I also believe the seller I bought this from shipped it out quickly and I got it without a long wait (which is mostly the case, as this plush originated in Japan). If you're a Chespin fan or just a big Pokemon collector, this plush is recommended.
Toy Drive  Bought this for a Toy Drive during Christmas.
Super unique  My son was thrilled when he was able to purchase this pokeman character plush. He hasn't stopped plaing with it since it arrived. Awesome a must have for any collector.
Angry birds  You should ask yourself do i really need this....Why yes..I do. I love my angry birds star wars collection.  Can't wait to complete the set with Yoda !
Super!  Perfect! Exactly what my granddaughter asked for....matches all her other dolls in the collection!
I love it!!! He's so cute.
Plague plush  My daughter requested this for Christmas so I purchased it.  It was smaller than I thought but she liked it so I'm not disappointed.
It was a hit!  Furby was a hit Christmas morning for my almost 7 year old grandson!!  He loved it and we all got a kick out of what it did.  Huge difference from the original Furby.....The eyes are amazing; very expressive.  His actions and movements are intriguing.  It's only been a few hours but I know Furby and my grandson will have a great time :)  I also bought the glasses....makes it really cute
Great deal, great product!  Bought this as a gift for a new baby. It was exactly what I expected. Super soft and a decent size. I would absolutely recommend!
Best part for the nursery with the Safari baby girl dcor.
Perfect toy for an Inside Out fanatic!  Perfect toy for an Inside Out fanatic!
Skelerex  Well, I don't know what the first reviewer was talking about when the person wrote a really negative, yet nonsensical review about this toy. San-ei products are usually high quality, accurate, and cute, so I decided to buy this toy and discredit that reviewer even more.  For starters, the toy arrived at the expected date. When I opened it, I saw this Dry Bones in a plastic bag, which is a huge plus because the bag protects the toy from dirt and stuff. When I took it out, the toy felt very soft, just as any other San-ei toy. The toy is not flimsy at at all, and it feels very durable, as if it can withstand some throwing around. The details on the toy is very accurate, with the tail, arms, and legs having a black band to indicate its segments. Its belly's contours feel much more defined compared to Koopa Troopa from the same brand which is supposed to be like that because... well, it's a skeleton. I do wish the head and the arms be a bit paler, but I can't wish for everything.  One thing that is a huge plus for this plush is that every part of it is stitched; there are no cheap stuff inside there, and again, the material just feels well-made.  There's another Dry Bones plush I bought earlier, and it's from a lesser-known spot, and I love it too, but it's a tad big compared to this one. This one is more to scale with the Koopa Troopa plush, which is around 17 cm (6.5 in) sitting. The older Dry Bones plush is good, cute, and cuddly, but this one is another great Dry Bones plush to add to your colorful Mario collection. Dry Bones fans will love this little pile of bones!
My nephew loves this
It came in good condition  my daughter loves it
AMAZING :D  This doll is amazing! :) It is bigger than a lot of any other Kuroshitsuji dolls I've purchased from Amazon and I gotta say, this doll is my favorite one! It is made well and Grell's hair is silky smooth in the back and his bow is like forever stuck to his neck XD  It's very time consuming made :)  BUY BUY BUYYYY!
She LOVED it!  Birthday gift for my daughter. She LOVED it!
Elmo  It's a Christmas gift so our little one hasn't even seen it yet. But, I took it out of it's packaging and gave Elmo a big hug.
Great gift for kids  Got one for my lil sis and she loves it, really nice and soft, she loves hugging it all day
cute!  Im collecting the eevee evolutions and so far i only had Flareon so why not its well made and i have no complaints it arrived fast and the tag is still good amazing i will order more in the future
my favorite wall decor
Just right  So soft and made my grand daughter happy!
Exactly as advertised!
Good quality toy. Just as advertised
Amazing Detail & Craftsmanship!  I bought 3 of the dolls so far from the Unemployed Philosophers Guild & think they are Amazing!!! I love the quality & craftsmanship of each doll!!! I'm sure I'll be buying more to add to my collection...very happy!
all ok
Awesome for the price. My daughter loves them.
So cute!
Soft and Lovable  Very soft and exactly what the description said. Very happy with this purchase
Christmas gifts  Will rate this item more later- arrived quickly, appears to be good quality and received it quickly. Will be tested by Grandson at Christmas - results will follow.
Replacement from a dog rough play causality
So cool! It took awhile to arrive but I love it!
Adorable  Exactly as expected.
Great Value!  This is a great little toy! My little one loves it. The voices on this are awesome. I thought it was a very good value.
I have to say she looks adorable when she wears it  My girl loves it. I have to say she looks adorable when she wears it.
Perfect description  Exactly what I was looking for. It arrived quickly and matches the description perfectly. I bought it as a Christmas gift for one of my sons and I just know he'll love it. I will definitely recommend future purchases.
A Christmas present for my niece and she loves it!
Unique  Awesome. Was exactly as I expected it would be when I ordered it. Very unique item.
My niece loved it
ADORABLEEEE
Perfect size for ADULTS  this one didn't even make it out of my living room!  Perfect size for ADULTS!  ;-)
This Winn is awesome.
My niece loves it. They are small but great for toddlers and pre k.
Excellent!  Excellent!
Very happy with my purchase!
Too Cute!!!  Adorable!  It was actually a bit larger than I  expected.  My grandson loves it!
It's everything I expected!  It's everything I expected! So happy. It's like I got it straight from Disney World. It actually looks like Nemo -- vs. some stuffed plush dolls that just look creepy and awkward. Nemo is adorable.
Absolutely adorable!  I bought this as gift for an adult who is very into the old monster movies, (especially The Bride of Frankenstein!), and she loves it!!! It arrived before schedule and in perfect condition, just as described.
Cute toy  I just love it love my boo. Looks do real and like the real boo. So soft awesome toy for any child or child at heart:)
rating two items  They were awesome Furby talks a lot. My daughter  loves it. Furby says her name. she said he was better than her first one
Beautiful C-3PO !!  I was very pleasantly surprised when I opened the box--this C-3PO is really beautiful to behold.  One of the nicest Star Wars toys I have seen.  I am so glad I got it for my little nephew who is now discovering Star Wars just like his father did when he was a young boy. Super Speedy Delivery too.
my 2 year old loves it. What more is there to say.
SO SOFT  VERY soft!  I was surprised at how soft it is.  very cute.  Granddaughter loved it
My daughter has never gotten attached to anything, but with her obsession with buckles, I thought this might be prefect. And it really really is. She doesn't go anywhere without "buckles"
High quality and adorable.  The kids love it, darling.
Great Product!
VTech Cody The Smart Cub Plush Toy  This is a cute bear for my grandsons.  I had to purchase 2 since they are twin boys and still have not learned the concept of sharing one.  But they love to play with it.
Kids Loved it  Love it!  So cute and perfect price!
Great toy for dexterity!  Simple toy, but it was a great hit.  Our toddler had been obsessed with the clips on her high chair and car seat, and this toy really let her get after it.  Couple things were slightly disappointing:  1. There's really only three types of buckles, though there's six total sets. 2. It's smaller than I was expecting and slightly lower quality.  Both of these issues were outweighed by the enjoyment.  This was a great toy for helping with dexterity.
very well done just something small
Good quality!  Good quality minecraft figures.
Cute  So cute. Soft and well constructed. And his eyes google well.
Great gift for young child  My six-year-old daughter loved this. Good size, and built well.
Good plush  Very cute and soft
Very pleased  High quality. Very well made. Fast delivery. Very pleased.
Two cables!  I was expecting one cable,but the package included two cables which is a great backup.
Nice quality and was delivered as described.  Would by again.
In good condition
great price and fast shipping
My daughter lives ms piggy
LOVE LOVE these
Small, but soft!  Very soft, especially the hat! Came undamaged and in excellent condition. It's about the size of my hand. Very cuddly for its size! A great quality product.
stuffed eeyore  Love my eeyore
Awesome product.  Great Seller.
Came as described! Itty bitty and cute! I wish they had a red-head version!
Our Christmas elf  i love the elf on the shelf idea but thought their elf looked a little creepy so this is our elf. Kids love him and cant wait to wake up to see what mischeif he's gotten into. His elf shoes make it easy to hang him upside down on the Christmas tree, cutains, chair....that silly little elf.
This thing is awesome!  This guy is awesome! He is huge, and looks exactly as he should...l love it!
I love  Very cute! I love it
Who Doesn't Love a Big Nerd?  My little one loves this IK so much he looks totally thrashed/well loved now!! All of the CN plushies are super cute, well made and durable. Some of his fluffy hair would come off in a few strands at first but after a couple of weeks he stopped his slight shedding. If you don't have a small child playing with him constantly, I don't think that would be an issue at all. Very Happy!
Awesome!  This is great and fluffy, but tiny, which is fine with me. My little brother likes it too, he keeps trying to steal it. Wonderful product.
Adorable
Perfect condition, awesome collectible  Item came in perfect condition, even still had the clear bag over it. I love how it's a unique collectible. Definitely was worth the little extra $, cause i'll keep it forever:)
Elmo is FUN!!!  I received Lets Imagine Elmo free to try from Playskool thanks to BzzAgent and he was fun before he even left the box...we could hear him talking and giggling inside! Even more fun when he came out this is a great new addition to the Elmo collection. So many different ways to play!!!! I even loved it!!
I want 500 of them. With tiny hats.  Well, this is the cutest thing that's ever happened, so...
I bought it for my house (Grandma's), but my grandson loved it so much he took it home to his house.  Guess that's the best review any toy can get.
This was absolutely adorable.  It is a great size and the colors are vibrant.  Good purchase.
Must have Minecraft plush toy !!  Big, Fluffy Minecraft goodness. Must have for your Spider Jockey Skeleton !! 5 stars
Got it for my husband. He loves it!!
More bang for your buck  OK to start off here's some quick answers for those wondering in all their reviews:  1 - It CAN be turned off. Pull & hold the tail for about 5 seconds. Furby will yawn & go to sleep, & stay that way until shaken or the tail pulled again. Other Furbys won't wake it.  2 - Yes, only Booms will work with the Boom app. However quite a few sections of the old (2012) app will work with Boom as well, adding quite a bit more fun to the Boom  3 - It IS easy to 'set' what personality you want. Repeatedly feed for the "foodie" (I call him fat Furby). Repeatedly turn upside down for evil, swing from one foot for hyper, play lots of music for diva, & repeatedly tickle to change to the last personality. It takes about a minute or so doing the action to get it to change.  4 - For those "adults" that get annoyed with Furbish, my 12 yr old learned what their words mean in one day. A 12 yr old. There's some translations on the fold-out that came with Boom, & both apps have dictionaries/translators. Boom will also 'learn' more English the more you play with it. My kids have had there's since early September & they speak more English than Furbish.  5 - When you need to change batteries push the small 'reset' button for 2 seconds before closing it up. This will make sure all sensors work properly. It will not reset its personality or the progress it made towards speaking English or remembering other Furbys.  Hope this helps you or your children get the most enjoyment out of a great toy!  We own a peacock, black/pink triangle, & black/white zigzag Booms
Christmas  I got it as a christmas prestent for my kindom hearts loving sister! she adores it! it is soo plushie!
My 5 year old son loved it and immediately named him "Zonie"
A+++
It is so cute  I got this for Christmas I was so happy  I love it so much it. it is so cute of curse the furby speaks furbish but the more you talk to it the more it learn English! ~8 year old boy :)
Talking, soft toy.  This toy is smaller than the Poi that I bought before but it is well loved and I am very pleased with it.
Sooo cute  bought this for my 1 year old, she loves carrying her around and chewing on her. Marceline is too cute! As other reviews said, the bites are on the wrong side of her neck and while she is the advertised 11 inches, I think the product picture makes her look about 2 or 3 inches taller than she actually is. She's so perfect and sweet though!!! And her hair is cool :P
Kids loved it  My kids (7 & 4) loved the set of Angry Birds Star Wars plushes we bought them.  They came up with multiple games to play with them to my surprise.
Smaller than expected but great quality  Smaller than expected but my daughter loves her heihei!
My daughter loves it  We got this for our 3 year old. She loves Vault Boy and enjoys watching us play Fallout. She was very excited to get this plush guy. Worth every penny to see the smile on her face.
Great toy, keeps my 15 month entertained  Great toy, keeps my 15 month entertained...its a little difficult for her connect some of the buckles due to short length of bands and flexibility (they aren't very flexible which isn't a bad thing) of buckles...someome a little older or stronger would have no problem. Also good for teaching colors. Toy also has a little zipper pocket on top.
I love it. For someone like me who collects Stitch merchandise, it's perfect. It's very soft and plush and adorable.
Wonderful/Fun/laughter  I bought one for each of my Grandchildren one a boy 21 months old and one a girl 22 months. They both love it. My grandaughter  plays with it all the time and sings with it. I 'm relly happy I bought it for them
Can't beat it for the price  I got this for $5.00 which is a great price for an 8 inch Angry Birds Plush. It goes nicely with our collection. Lots of fun.
Very Sweet!  This guy is precious! I purchased him to put on a diaper cake.  He might be a bit too large, but we will see!!! I still love him!
I love it! Really soft and cute.
Fun gift!  So soft! Perfect for any starwars lover and disney fan. Great quality and so cute.
Great Sleeping Buddy  He's cute and looks great on my son's bed. He hasn't gotten any holes yet, but my toddler hasn't been playing too rough with it. Great size compared to the smaller stuffed Pokemon we got, very accurate as far as Pokemon sizing goes.
Adorable!  Purchased this for my 6 month old baby. She loves it!! Its super cute too.
Sweet for a baby's first Christmas
it is what it is
GREAT TRANSACTION!  CUTE!! GREAT TRANSACTION!
Wow! What a great toy!  My granddaughter spends hours opening the different buckles, and asking what each number is called.  Then she brings the caterpillar back to me so I get to buckle up the buckles.  Then we start all over again.  I have never seen a toy which keeps the child so intrigued for so long.
Skillet, fryer, "saut," whatever-you-call-it -- this one's a good value  I bought this nonstick skillet to complement a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Calphalon-Everyday-Nonstick-10-Inch-Omelet-Pan/dp/B000EHP8LA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Calphalon Everyday Nonstick 10-Inch Omelet Pan</a>&nbsp;that I bought on sale (check my review there for a tip on a matching glass lid). I have a similarly sized hard anodized professional skillet, but the convenience of a nonstick finish and glass lid was irresistible.  This is a good utility skillet for frying or cooking larger quantities of food. The better-designed Calphalon Contemporary see-through lid sits on the pan just right, and lets you check the progress of your food while sealing in flavor (and trapping aromas). (The less times you open the lid = better and faster cooking.) The silicone cover to the lid handle is a stroke of brilliance.  This pan also comes with an insulated silicone handle cover, which used to be an accessory item. Chalk that up as a value-add.  Cleanup is easy, just scrub out with warm water, mild soap and a nylon brush. Wipe dry and stow away. If the exterior accumulates burnt-on oil, try&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Calphalon-s-Dormond-Cleaner/dp/B0000CFH36/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Calphalon's Dormond Cleaner</a>&nbsp;with a gentle, nylon scrub pad. It's specially formulated for the hard anodized aluminum exterior.  Calphalon cookware will last for years if you take care of it. Don't scrub out with a Scotch Brite pad. Use a 3M two-sided dish cloth (microfiber) or similar&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scotch-Brite-Dobie-Pads/dp/B001C45JFE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scotch Brite Dobie Pads</a>&nbsp;for tough cooked-on food.  In all, a great value from the Porsche of cookware makers.
Too cute!  Great quality, super soft,  no smell.
It's super soft and is absolutely adorable  It's super soft and is absolutely adorable! It's made of a great quality and perfectly matches the description. It's official and properly tagged! Highly recommend for pokemon plush fans :)
ELMO Giggling Makes Everyone Laugh  This is a toy that my 2 year old grandson plays with our westie,  I don't know who has more fun, my grandson, or the dog!  We all laugh as Elmo giggles, and the dog and a 2 year old run thoughout the house.
Love the additional outfits he came with :)
Thumbs Up!   Great product. Very useful in my job.
Love it!  I buy one every year; it's a perfect size and has my favorite species!  :-)
Love it! Just as described  Great size and quality
Great
Kids loved it. As expected.
It's a stuffed echidna.  I'm not sure what else to say.  I collect stuffed echidnas.
all ok
Love Pete the cat!
looks just like the picture  Very soft and plushy, looks just like the picture!
this was the perfect find for my 3 year old neice- she loves the Minions
Beautiful plush bunny  I bought this as a gift to an 8 year old dancer and she loved it. It was prettier even than it looked on line. My 4 & 9 year olds wanted it when they saw it!
One of the best!  I got chibbi L in about a month and he is soo cute! I like the gold string he haves on his head so i can take him everywhere. It was as discribed and came in on time to! Who ever is a death note fan won't regreat this! And so soft but everyone thinks its to small but he is perfect on a stand or to take somewhere.
Cutest little asian doll ever !!!
excellent
he loved it!  I bought Mickey for my nephew for last Christmas , he loved it !!!!!
It felt so soft. My grand daughter loves it.
Beautiful doll  Beautiful doll, much nicer then pictured.  Doll is soft and appears to be durable.  All in all it's a really good buy.
Love it!!!  Excellent quality.
This was purchased as a shower gift and the mother to be loved it!  Perfectly precious!  This was purchased as a shower gift and the mother to be loved it!
Awesome  I ordered this for a friend for his birthday, and not only did it arrive a day earlier than expected, he was also very happy to get it!
Cute and just the right size for my little one who loves Paw Patrol.
Cute and Pink  This toy sits up very well.  The little girl that got it for Christmas was very pleased with it.  She finds it to be just the perfect softness for cuddling.
Grandson gift  We bought this for our 1 year old grandson, kind of a tradition in our family.  He loves it and loves to watch it light up.
I love it!  My husband bought me this for our 2nd anniversary! I love this movie and it's cotton alright!! Best Hubby ever!
Fast shipping and little female recipient loved it! :-)
Cute!  Adorable! I got it for my girlfriend, I was surprised to see that the hoodie can actually come all the way off. Very soft, didn't smell weird when taken out of packaging.
I wrote the review earlier with complaining that the order cannot be located.  Just found it! It was hiding from peoples sight.  Sorry about the first review.
Good for the price. The gift was received well.
Perfect
Well made, adorable
Enjoy this pikachu alot!  This pikachu is a huggable size , and i love it alot! Recommend all to buy this pikachu as gift or toy!
good for combing the pooches.
Small but very cute, silky, and my son loves it!  I was at first surprised by how small the package was, expecting Belt to be a bit bigger. He is definitely smaller than he is on Croods, but since he's for kids, that makes sense. So just don't expect to get a large stuffed animal.  I'm guessing his body is about 6 inches long.  My son is 4, and Belt's "long" arms do go around his waist, but not for much longer.  That gives you an idea of the size. But he's really soft and silky, and the detail is very good.  Cute little thing, that's for sure.
Made a liitle very happy  Gave to my Granddaughter for her 4th Birthday.  She's into mermaids & was thrilled w/the 2 different color mermaids I gave her. Perfect size for her to carry around & hold one in each hand.
Her favorite stuffed animal so far has been a tiger  I bought this for my niece, who just turned four. Her favorite stuffed animal so far has been a tiger, but this has become her new favorite.
Great  My 9 year old grandson loves it!
Cuter than the original  Much cuter elf than the original elf on the shelf! My kids (ages 4.5 and 2) love him and named him "Cutie." We move him around every night and during the day they snuggle him and enjoy playing with him. Would recommend this elf to anyone.
Perfect toy for the future Star Wars fan  What can I say about a tiny stuffy AT-AT? I got this to go with the "Baby Boys' Star Wars I am Chewbacca costume onesee", along with the tiny stuffy Millenium Falcon, because you have to buy the set for your little future Star Wars fan, even if it's just for the super adorable photos that it makes. If you have a geek in the family, or if you are that geek, this is cute, but is especially perfect for when you are breeding the next generation of scruffy little nerfherders....
Just what my two-year old wanted, she loves this Elmo.
Awwwh :^)  He's so cute and soft!!
I LOVE this doll!  I loved Pete Seeger.  I saw this doll at my relatives' house and had to get one for myself and I just purchased another one for my Mother who is almost 100 years old!
Crackle  My daughter loves crackle and loves this plush pal. Really cute!
Great toy!
Cute lilo doll!  The quality of this plush doll is great. Although the hair is like a "cloth sack" as what the other reviewer stated, the doll looks good as a whole. It matches with my stitch doll. It even has genuine Disney logo on the bottom of the right foot. I will post a picture later.
Great toy  My 2 year old granddaughter absolutely loves this toy.  She loves any kind of buckle and this keeps her occupied for quite awhile each time she picks it up.
Very beautiful and high quality flag.
Perfect  The angel plush was perfect. Fast shipping. My granddaughter was thrilled to receive it for Christmas. Wished it had been bigger for the price but it was worth the face of my granddaughter.
The best!!! I love it!!! it's beautiful and cute.
I love it
Perfect!  Soft and Cute.  Very well stuffed.  One of our daughter's favorite xmas gifts.
Can't beat this bantha  By far the best plushy this company makes.  It as bigger than I expected (I heard they were tiny).  Nice detail.  Great fun.  Top quality bantha.
A big hit this Christmas!
Awesome Cub, worth more than its price!  I received this as a gift for my daughter. Its a wonderful toy, the customization feature is brilliant! It does a lot for its price, on the down side its alittle "not cute" lol the face isn't nicely proportioned like the picture shows lol but my baby doesn't care. i ran into a few glitches while customizing it, for example i still can't get the time feature to work which might be because of my time zone .... ALL in ALL its a great toy and i would recommend it.
Like!
Love it!
love it  Love it even though it said it haven't been dilvered yet I got it in the mail and love it
Super cute!
Great fox song  This cuddle barn fox is really nice. The recording quality is excellent. THANK you for a good product.
My baby girl, loves it
My daughter absolutely loves her "glowby!" She loves listening to the music every night before bed.
Just what grandson wanted and great price.
My daughter loves hers. The music and the glowing face seem to calm her right down! As for everyone saying that it doesn't stay on long - that's probably because you still have it on "demo mode." You have to open up the back (the Velcro) and switch your settings. The middle is demo. One side is glow & music. Other side is glow only.
Great to learn to different buckles!  My 1 year old granddaughter began "playing" with the buckles on her high chair , car seat, stroller, etc.  She seemed very interested in how each worked.  When I saw this I thought it was exactly what she needed to satisfy her curiosity!  She seems to really like it, hugs it, and plays with the difference buckles - not necessarily correctly - she may try attaching blue to green, etc. but in time I think it will be an excellent learning tool for her!
Great doll, good quality.  My daughter loves this doll. Right now she's kirs than a year old and it is bigger than her. So far it's held up to all of her play and abuse.
Awesome!  My son really, really wanted this guy and he's hard to find.  Very pleased with the quality of this guy-good, soft material and nicer than some of the other stuffed toys out there.
Love this TEC the tractor toy!  Although this is on the more expensive side we have been searching for a TEC the tractor anything as my son LOVES the show.  Thank goodness we are able to DVR it when it is on.  This is a very soft plush toy and I know he will love it!
My baby loves this fish  I'm a huge fan of Lamaze toys because they offer great sensory stimulation. They are safe, colorful, textured and make great sounds. They're also very cute! My baby girl has been enjoying this fish since she was 3 months old. She is now 10 months and always makes "fish sounds" with her mouth when she wants to hold her fish. We have a few of them that we've hung on her stroller and car seat. I like its size, because you can toss it into your purse or diaper bag without adding bulk or weight...and of course, it just makes her so happy.  The only negative experience I've had has been when I purchased from "Buy 4 Less UK". Do not buy from them, even if the price is less than the regular price. I ordered 3 more fish and they sent only 1. When I contacted them, they said they would send the 2 missing ones. Nothing came. I contacted them again, and they asked if I wanted to cancel my order (I'm thinking now I should have). I told them I wanted my missing 2 fish. They sent me 1. Now I've had to contact them once again asking for the last one. I'm still waiting...and I've been waiting for 2 months now. Make sure to purchase from Amazon, not a third party seller.
Kids love him
Awesome PvZ product  An official product of PvZ, so I definitely recommend it if your a fan, or for your kids! 
Adorable Holiday Edition "Groovy-Girl"  I fell in love with the look of this doll when I first saw her. My 2 year old has not received her yet (waiting for closer to Christmas) but I know she will enjoy her.  The clothes are simply adorable- brightly colored and festive.  I particularly like the hair on this doll (however it is not the type you can brush or style). I am sure my little girl will love this!
Easy machine wash Octopus  I bought this to use in my RV instead of throw pillows. I wanted something easy to wash and also able to use as a pillow. Product as described by seller. Washes up great.
Though I didn't expect the eyepatch to be loose, it's still cute and the eye us amazingly done well.
Very cute!  Item was just as described, very cute.  My daughter was thrilled!
21" Cookie Monster is a great buy for the quality!  My two year old Grandson just loves His Cookie Monster!  He drags him around everywhere he goes.  So well constructed in my opinion.  Worth every penny I paid for him!
Best. Plush. Ever.  This is the coolest little plush I've ever seen!  It's very soft, it seems very durable, and the feet have extra weight so if you try, you can get it to stand upright without any support (though the slightest disturbance would make it fall).  It's the perfect size: small enough that you could hold it with one hand, but big enough that you could hold it with two.  The felt eyebrows give it the perfect expression.  From this point forward, I will avoid jumping on Goombas in Mario games when at all possible, because I couldn't imagine squishing this guy! D:
Super cute doll  Love this doll!  Bought it for my granddaughter as a gift and I'm sure she will love it too!
As Advertised..  Perfect. As expected. Bought as a gift. It was a huge hit. Couldn't ask for more.
Great plush  I bought it originally to turn into a chalk bag to use for rock climbing but it is too small. Should notice that the overall length includes feet. Don't care much, Adventure Time fan here and I love having it sit in my trick holder keeping me company.
stretchkin  Ordered for 4yr. old nephew, he loves it!
A great deal!  Arrived quickly, just as described.  A great deal!
Adorable!
Such a cute mini-zard!
Love it
A big favourite with my 7-year old  Very cute and soft stuffy toy, and it's good size too. My little guy wanted one of these after watching a documentary on puffins - it even looks fairly realistic!
Really cute  I really love this cute stuffed Olaf and regret I did not purchase additional one when the price was only $13.00! Appears to be well made and super cute and soft.  I plan on giving to my granddaughters as they just love everything Frozen.  Can't wait to see if he is a hit with them.
kids loved it!
Great
This is an adorable and extremely soft and cuddly stuffed animal  This is an adorable and extremely soft and cuddly stuffed animal. It is a good size-roughly 12 inches long and 10 inches high. It has very soft stuffing and is cuddly-not stiff. This dog resembles a real golden-doodle. Great toy for stuffed animal lovers!
Perfect for baby
Elmo a hit  My granddaughter loves Elmo. She cuddles with it.
Great toy!  My daughter is 18 months and LOVES this toy! It keeps her busy and is perfect for distractions. We take it with us because it's perfect for the car and restaurants. We even bought a second one (the lady bug version) as a back up.
(=  I got two of these unicorns, one for my little cousin and one for me hehe.. they are little, as people ordering should do a little figuring and situating to see how big 8 inches of total unicorn size is really going to be, but anyways, I think they're definitely worth the price even if they are little guys. I got two so I got an example of the variation and I'd be interested to see how different a dozen unicorns would be comparatively lol. well, they are just really cute tho not perfectly symmetrical etc.. they are wonderful unicorns, just a delight  =)
Flying Monkey  OMG! This was a surprise gift for those in the office who always shoot rubber bands throughout the day. We now have 3 screaming, flying monkeys! Our clients love them, and some in the other depts have bought these as gifts after seeing them demo'd! One leg came off, and was taken home and sewn back on by a loving colleague. I just found out there are pink and blue monkeys available...
small, but cute  i bought this thinking it would be bigger. when it got here i realized 4 inches MEANS 4 INCHES. i still loved it though and it had a chain, which turns out to be useful!! i love this and would recommend it for a backpack/bag accessory, not a plush. but i do love it!! and it is VERY soft,and has very good stitching that you cannot see. it is EXACTLY what the picture shows.
Exactly what my son wanted.
Perfect gift  This is the perfect gift for our 2- year old "little man" who wants to be a farmer, just like Grandpa
I gave it to my friend as a gift and he loves it.
All around Awesome  My 18 month old son absolutely loves this toy.  He sits for hours playing with it.  The shipping was fast, and the product was exactly as pictured.  Great Seller, Great product.
It was so great. The person who received this Pooh was in love with it. Quality was great and I got it very quickly.
GREAT!  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Death-Note-L-Chibi-Plush-Soft-Doll-Figure/dp/B001A15GWK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Death Note: L (Chibi) Plush Soft Doll Figure</a>  My daughter and I saw Death Note the live action movie and we both thought L was the BOMB!  The toy just reminds us of the great movie!  We can't wait for the 2nd one!  Sherri from Albuquerque~!
Cute Snoopy Doll  I needed a Snoopy to add to my Charlie Brown Christmas Tree display and this one fit the bill perfectly. Holding the Christmas wreath was perfect. It was just what I needed to  finish off my display.
Soft and Sweet  This is a quality version of Peter Rabbit, with sweet details on his jacket. Soft and sweet!
perfect for my  perfect for my son
2 year old LOVED this!!  Received in record time!!!  Very cute toy and getting lots of use!  Great for dexterity and concentration!  2 year old can close them easily but hasn't mastered pressing each one to open.
Great!  This is so soft and cute. We bought it for a friend but my son loved it so much I bought a second George for him. He's a great size, not too small not too big, and he's very soft and cuddly.
Cute toy. Just what we expected.  Our daughter loved this. Brought back memories for her.
Educational Elmo!  Very nice Elmo! We bought this for our 1 1/2 year old for Christmas. She loves it! The songs are catchy and it teaches your child lots of educational things like ABC's, 123's, colors, and so on. If your child loves Elmo and is starting to learn shapes/ABC's/counting/colors, it would be a good educational toy to buy!
... for my son for Christmas and it was his favorite!  I got this for my son for Christmas and it was his favorite!
Adorable!  I'm very excited for the video game to come out in U.S. and I decided to get this one while I'm waiting. He came way earlier than expected and he is super cute! His fur is fuzzy and he has this relaxed expression. He is perfectly happy on my bed now. :)
Great Scabbers  My son is a big Harry Potter fan. This was great for his birthday. (Ron is his favorite). Scanners has some 'nice' missing patches of fur and although subtle, I could see where the missing toe is. Very happy.
Great purchase  I chose this rating because on my daughters Birthday it put the biggest smile on her face ...she still loves Pooh even though she is 23...
Nice  looked very nice, it was somewhat smaller than I expected but that is no big deal.  granddaughter will love it on Christmas day.
Fabulous purchase!!  This is such a cute and beautiful little guy. It was a Christmas present for our granddaughter and she LOVED it. The quality and craftsmanship are excellent. It is so soft and it looks just like it does in the picture. I definitely recommend it.
Adorable.  This is really cute! It's small, but a great stocking stuffer. Very soft.
Really cute!  I bought this for a friend and she absolutely loved it! It's adorable and great quality. So fluffy and cute!
"He's perfect and amazing and I wouldn't change a thing  "He's perfect and amazing and I wouldn't change a thing." Got this as a present for my girlfriend and that is her review. It also shipped really fast.
Awesome  Very high quality Square Enix plush, and very adorable, my 1 year old son smiles every time he sees it.
Cute and the kid recipient loves it!  Bought for a 5 year old relative that loves planets. Specifically, Jupiter...because it is the biggest planet. Don't let the subpar picture scare you off...the actual product is fun/cute!
This is not "Rare" or "Hard to Find".  Don't pay almost double the price for this plush because this is a scam. Go to Disneystore.com Type in Lotso in the search and look at that. The same plush (20" on there site, but same thing) for only $49.50. If have a local  Disney store near you walk in and pick it up to save on the shipping. But either way, do not buy from this person. With that being said this is an awesome plush. It is HUGE! His belly smells very much so of strawberries. Great for any Pixar collector, Big or little kid.
The Tiana doll was all my granddaughter hoped it would be.  The doll was beautiful and made my granddaughter very happy.  I would highly recommend this doll to little girls who love the Disney princesses.
Baby Gift  Have to my 3 month old niece who was named after Marceline. Her parents loved it. I got a kick out of her arm though. It really does look as pictured.
Too cute!  This is adorable.  Very well priced and a great size.
A winning Horsea!  I love this Pokemon.  Unique and happy.  You and your Pokemon will love Hotsea!
Adorable  My daughter fell in love with Sully (Kitty) when she saw the movie.  I purchased this with the Mike Wasowski and Boo doll.  Good buy for the money on all 3 of them.
Super Soft!  Adorable!! My 1 year old niece loved it! Also, loved the simple on/off button. Super soft!!
Great size. Makes noise, "Beep! Beep! Beep!"  This is adorable.  This "Little Blue Truck" is the perfect size for a child that enjoys the book series "Little Blue Truck."  This appears to be well made and the color is a nice bright blue.  I love that the toad from the book appears to be driving the truck.  I didn't read the description very well or maybe it doesn't say, but it was a surprise to me that this plush toy makes noise.  It plays "Beep! Beep! Beep!" when squeezed.  I bought this as a gift for a 1 year old and I will likely by my own child this gift as well.
Great Gift  Bought this stuffed animal for my girlfriend (16) and she loved it. I knew it was her favorite animal, so this made the best birthday gift. Thank you Wild Life Artist. =]
Cute and big and perfect!
very good
This was a gift for my nephew and he was absolutely thrilled with it.
Cool
Excellent!  Arrived quickly, very nice, squishy, and slightly beany. Definitely will put a smile on your face, or your kid's face. No home is truly complete without a Nautilus!
Well made  After reading the book, Toys Meet Snow, my daughter wanted a stuffed stingray.  This toy was a little smaller than I expected, but not too small. The colors are vibrant, the fur is plush, and after two months of toddler love it looks like new.
My niece loved it
Granddaughter loves it, and has quite a collection going!
My toddler loves it!  This elmo is perfectly soft and cuddly, and it's put together incredibly well. I don't feel nervous about my toddler snuggling Elmo at night.
Very cute little dragon! I got him to complete my collection of dragons from the Harry Potter movies.
very funny for kids
bought that for a friend's son and he went crazy!!!
Highly recommended!  We got this as a gift when my daughter was born. She's 3 now and takes it with us whenever we leave the house. She calls it Ellie. We lost it and I had a time trying to find it. She had a fit every time we left the house. We kept telling her that she was staying at a friends house until we got this one. Thank you, Amazon! Free 2 day shipping, with the Prime membership, really saved us a lot of grief. It is super softened cuddly! Every little girl deserves one of these!
Cute!  Adorable Puppycat perfect for my daughter's Bee costume for Comic Con.
Arrived before due date and looked just like the image.
So cute  Good quality plush animal. My children being huge fans of Nemo love this toy. Very satisfied with this purchase and recommended to others.
Great construction!  Home run! My son loves it!
Wonderful toy and is battery efficient  This toy is great. The songs are fun and who doesn't love Elmo. Three of my children enjoy this toy and his batteries last forever. I would recommend this toy to anyone who wanted to know and if he breaks I will buy another.
TOP of the line in baby toys.  worth every cent
Sho' Cwute!  This is cute and a great price. It is very plushy. The coin compartment is no bigger than a normal small coin purse and the snap closure is functional. I got it in perfect condition when expected.
Perfect!  Perfect! I purchased this for my 3 year old who's in her first dance recital this weekend. It's soft, cute & the perfect size for a 3 year old. I previously purchased an Angelina ballerina for more than triple the price of this mouse & I wound up returning it. I'm very glad I did because this mouse is so much better quality & more of along the lines of what I was looking for.
Cute  Smaller than it looks in the picture, but cute!
Great quality.
Awesome Cookie plush  This was WAY bigger than i expected Cookie to be.  I bought it for my son when he was about 14 months and it was a little bigger than he was.  My son loves cookie and he makes for a very nice little pillow for the parent when it is nap time :)
It was exactly what the recipient wanted.  It was a gift.
SOOOOOOOO CUTE!!!!!!!!!  LOVE IT!! I have loved stitch all my life, (I am 13) and I wanted a stitch. Soooooo adorable. Best stitch ever. The ears do get a little squashed, but you can just bend them back in to place with your hands. Buy him! Cheap and VERY cute!
this was exactly what it was said to be.
just like in the movie from toy story 3 lol
cute cute cute
Beautiful doll!  It arrived in the mail today and I can't wait for my mermaid obsessed daughter to open it Christmas morning. It's shimmery and well made. The shade of green is soft and lovely. Excellent value. Very happy.
This is a very cute toy.  I bought 2 for my twin grandsons birthday so they haven't got to play with them yet. They seem very well made and I think the boys will love them.  They love trying to figure out how to work stuff. They will be two when they get them.
the perfect gift.  Beutiful, the perfect gift.
Great buy for the family  My niece loves this stuff toy!
Christmas gift for baby's first Christmas.
Super cute.  Super cute!!  Awwwome addition to my nephews collection.
jorge is the same size peppa's.
Peach's got it! Meow!  My mom loves Peach & she loves cats, so it was the perfect combination!
Daughter loved it!  Very cute and actually holds alot! She hasfun stuffing and unstuffing it with items from her closet. The cat and alligator are cute as well!
Good quality  Super cute. Good quality.
Exactly as pictured. High quality, worth the price.
Very cute item for my Nohas Ark theme.
So cute!!
My grand daughter just loves it
Soft and cuddly  He added a real cuddly addition to the already large collection (100+ ) of snowmen my wife has
So cute!
Perfect  Quick delivery. Just as pictured, well made.
Buckle buster  I purchased this item as my grandson just loves playing with buckles. I take him to a park and he plays with the buckle on his stroller. he will love this toy
Super adorable  Very cute, high quality little toy. Bought this for a friend as a Christmas gift, and she was quite pleased.
it's elmo  You really can't go wrong with elmo.
Grandson loves it.
niece loved it
Super cute and extra soft!  Love arrived just in time and is super soft cant wait for my baby girl to use.. :)
This is one amazing stuffed animal.  My grandkids couldn't wait to get him home.  So we'll made 
Absolutely the cuteste dog!  Bought this as a gift and the person LOVED it but who couldn't love Boo. She immediately took him home and dressed him up. Delivery arrived prior to expected which was also great. Thank you!
Came very quickly and as expected!
GREAT GIFT ITEM  My niece loved this item, and it was puurfect because the family is originally from New York, Great gift!!  and a awesome stocking stuffer this year!!
perfect size for my grandson
very good quality made  This cute toy was very, very good quality made, wow! I was very satisfied!, Happy Girl in the House! Christmas a success!, Santa nail it!, Thank You!.
My granddaughter and this Boov are inseparable!!
My son loves it!  This is a great gift for anyone who loves Naruto anime.  My preteen son has been beside himself.  It now sits next to the laptop he uses to watch anime.
Bigger than expected, but my son still loves him. The fabric makes him a little bit more harder than normal Angry Birds, but he is still cute!
LOVE IT, SO CUTE!
Got this for my grown daughter. She and I have been looking for years to find a chuckles "anything" besides the little figurine. This is the perfect size and I can't wait to give this to her for Christmas, she will be so surprised!
Really cute talking olaf
Groot  Great. Actually bigger than what I expected.
Very cute - although smaller than I expected
The Great Cookie Monster.  Almost a year old and still holding up to our little one's hugs.
It's Perfect!
Our son LOVED it!
My grandson loves this!
Cute!  Perfect!! Little boy loves to cuddle him
love this soft baby, we saw it at Disneyworld....perfect for our 1 year old granddaughter.
Good quality  Good quality, nice and soft plush toy, placed a second order.  Toy has a small bell inside it but it is not too loud, it has a low soft sound.  If my review was helpful, please answer Yes to the "Was this review helpful?" Question below. Thanks.
Bought for my 10m daughter  My daughter loves the lullabies. She will just stare at it until she falls asleep. The songs change and the gloworm plays for a long period of time.
ABC Elmo  Great way to teach your babies the abc's when they start talking
Quality is excellent!  The product says not to be fooled by sellers who are selling unofficial or unlicensed FNAF products and upon examining some of the unlicensed products, there is no doubt that the official FNAF plush toys are of superior quality. Still, $40 for a small (10 inch tall) plush toy is quite ambitious and even makes Mojang's minecraft toys seem affordable by comparison. Perhaps FNAF fans aren't as "mentally demanding" when it comes to the value of products as Minecraft players, who I would think of as being more "logical minded."  In all seriousness, these are well made but it feels like a pretty far-reaching cash grab to want $40 for a 10 inch plush figure. At that price, I have no ethical problem with hitting the flea market for a knock-off version. Sorry guys.
Great Toy!  My 2 year old loves this toy, it keeps him busy especially when we are traveling.  His hands are getting more familiar with the different buckles and he is now starting to learn how to unbuckle certain ones.
My daughter plays with this thing everyday and no loose stitches yet!
Very good service. My grand daughter loved her birthday gift.
Who would not love tsum sum. super cute!
Amazing plush but I wish they have more.
Peach is the cutest cat  I bought this for my soon to be 13 year old daughter. She is a HUGE fan of Princess Peach and Mario and Sonic. She was delighted to receive this in the mail. This plush is sooo cute! I recommend this to any Mario fan :)
Perfect :)
great as a gift with small strawberry shortcake books on  Daughter enjoys these,great as a gift with small strawberry shortcake books on Amazon
Cute   So cute! I love it 
Great Plush Tigger  Ok so I got this toy for my 9 month old son because he likes orange and I don't know how to measure. I thought this plush animal would be small and apparently I'm not good at visualizing measurements. Just in case you are like me, I posted a picture of Tigger next to my son who is 25" so you can see. Other than my mistake with buying a big Tigger, it's a great toy! Very nice, bright orange, soft fabric. This plush toy is the same quality you would find at Disney World.
super cute - it hangs from my purse - shipping faster than expected
Great quality  Love this stuffed Olaf and so did my great granddaughter. Very well made, adorable.
very cute and nice material
Love this product! I made a quilt to match for a baby gift.
My little boy loves it!
Christmas decoration and toy all in one!  We bought the girl elf too and these are great. They are super soft and plush and have such cute outfits.  The outfits aren't removable though, but I'm fine with that.  These were bought to replace two Christmas dolls that were meant to be decoration, but our toddler fell in love with them and rather quickly they started to fall apart as she toted them around the house.  When these arrived, she fell in love with them and I was able to trash the other two.  Now we have great decorations, but sturdy enough for our toddler to love on and sleep with if she wants.  Perfect for what we were looking for.
Great gift!
But when she arrived we were happy. She is very well made  After seeing the reviews I wasn't sure what to expect as far as size. But when she arrived we were happy. She is very well made. About 17 inches long. And my 4 year old loves her.
My daughter loves her Fennekin plushie!
Son loves it  My three year old loves this. It's not hard and not too big or small to drag around places. Price was perfect too! Thank you!
Very Good
It's cubone, come on guys?  Well it is my favorite pokemon and I get it for myself as a christmas gift, no regrets.
love it
Great buy  Exactly what my daughter wanted.
love it!
fun yes
Cute but big!  Good quality and soft. When they arrived I almost sent back because they looked so big! My daughter was so excited though she had to put them on and they fit her feet fine. These are just really cute because she has such thin legs and is so small but the slippers are big. She does wish that they had a version for "Bob" - he is her favorite.
Another great plush.  My son is thrilled. We have a bunch of these Mario plushies and he loves them all.
It is very well made and a good size for a baby or small child  This was a Xmas gift for a child.  It is very well made and a good size for a baby or small child.
Has lasted about a year so far  Nice plush toy.  Have had it about a year now and it's holding strong.
So cute and very fast shipping thank you :-)
fantastic  purchased for my son's 11th birthday and he loves it, all the other kids from his party loved it too. a very unique, fun item.
Very cute - exactly as described  Adorable plush water bear - such a unique item!
Sweet Bunnys  Love these little bunny's they were a hit with my 3 year old granddaughters
Kids love it.
Took this turtle on a 5 hour flight with my 13 month old and she loved it. Kept her preoccupied several times throughout the flight!
Good Buy  My 5 year old grandson loves it.  He is a big hit! He makes a wookie sound so mom says he can't have him in bed at night so he sleeps on the floor right beside his bed!
Every child should have a Playskool Sesame Street Let's Imagine Elmo!!  As a Bzz Agent, I received this campaign for my 3.5 year old son.  From the time I opened the box to handing it over to him, he has been all smiles.  I love seeing him interact with Elmo and do that tasks Elmo asks him to do.  He is more confident in his counting skills and is learning to follow directions.
Minecraft Creeper and Enderman  My grandson loves playing with them.  I have no idea who they are but as long as the kids love them and they are safe and fun, it is a winner with me.  Nanny
Odd mlooking but very prettty  Very pretty stuffy toy
Adorable.. one year old loves it.. very realistic in a good way!
Would buy again. This us very cute.
Nice Plush  Arrived in good condition.  In cellophane bag.  Very saturated blues and reds.  Nice colors.  Soft and cuddly.  Timely arrival, just as described.
I want it.
Next best thing to a real dog, cute plush.
Good
Soooo cute  Sooooo cute perfect for my collection
verly soft and not scarey looking.  appropriate to any age in my opimion
My granddaughter loved it"
Adorable and perfect for customizing!  So adorable! I customize these with birth stats and vinyl. They come out adorable! Super disappointed that the price has recently shot up. I would have continued to order more, but it just costs too much now :(
It is very soft and perfect size for little girls  Purchased this for my newborn Grandaughter in April, she is 8 months old and she sleeps with it every night. It is very soft and perfect size for little girls.
Great toddler gift!  Only found on amazon. My two year old great niece loved this gift. Even after a long day of Birthday celebration, when she openned this gift, her face and eyes lite up with a smile. We all still love cuddlely items, even her parents and grandparents asked where I found this doll. Everyone loved her, they all had a squeeze, and loved the strawberry scent.
Our 'Hand's the Christmas Mouse was a perfect Elf on the Shelf alternative  Our 'Hans the Christmas Mouse was a perfect Elf on the Shelf alternative. Size was ideal for adding small outfits and props.  
it's very well loved.  This was a gift...and by my understanding, it's very well loved.
Very satisfied with product & staff at dolls guru & so is my daughter!!!!!
super cute
Plus is from Rave Master you nards!  BEST PLUSH I OWN! He's super soft and sturdy! :D
Stuffed animal  This stuffed animal is a little expensive, but with Disney products, what isn't and aren't they always worth it??? My son is 20 months old, a complete fish lover of all fish, and fell in love with this as soon as he it came out of the package. I can't wait to get him Dorie next. This Nemo was completely adorable and pretty big sized too.
Her Favorite. 
Fun but pricey  My daughter saw these when we were at Disney World this fall and then asked for one for her birthday.  They are more expensive here than they were in the park but it was the only place we could find one.  She loves it and it is a fun one to have.
My daughter loves this!  It's just what she was hoping for. :)
Good Quality  Good quality, good price.  My 2 year old son LOVES them. :)
Perfect for church bag  Great quiet toy for church or places you need your baby/toddler to be quiet. We love it!
Quality of product  Very nice product - really cute - my grand daughter just loves her Chuck
Adorable!  Bought this as a birthday present for a 10 year old Star Wars fan. She LOVED it! It looks adorable on her and has a small pouch to carry whatever a 10yr old may need. She said it was the best bday present she got!
As advertised, very cute!  No issues, looks as advertised, soft and adorable. Makes a great gift! Do note, the mamma and the baby are sewn together.
Just like advertised and it is soooooo cute
This is a limited collectible...  All the people saying don't support the scalpers, please stop. This is a limited edition item that will actually increase in value over time, sorry not everything needs to be mass produced to the point that it has no value and is in everyone's hands. I've been waiting for an actually limited line like this and will totally buy them all up with the thought that, since they were limited, I'll be able to sell for significantly more than the 16.99 retail years down the road. They have non limited plushes for less serious collectors, stick with those and don't down vote the actual item! These plushes are great quality and deserve to be limited for serious collectors.
and wonderful! It shipped very quickly  It's soft, cuddly, and wonderful!  It shipped very quickly.
Great product! It's bigger than I thought it was  Great product!  It's bigger than I thought it was!  Very pleased
My daughter is almost two and loves this toy. She plays with it all the time.
I work in hematology so this little guy is perfect. Goes well with my other cells (same brand).
ok but.....  It would have recieve a perfect revieve but you sent me on that had dead batteries, we didn't find out till Easter morning when my grand daughter got her basket and Barney didn't work what a bummer
Great gift for my grandson.
Skip Hop Plushie  My 9-month old son has built up quite the collection of Skip-Hop toys and baby-related items in his short life. This particular plush owl toy matches perfectly our Treetop Friends Activity Gym, Hug and Hide Activity Toy (also an owl) and various other Skip Hop products in our home.  The plush toy is large, standing about 12 inches, and is stuffed with soft material and seems to be perfectly baby-safe. There are no sharp edges or hard surfaces that could potentially hurt a baby. Even the tag is made from soft material. The owl is slightly weighted on the bottom meaning that this toy can stand upright on its own. Colors are bright and cheerful. While this toy doesn't feature any music, vibrations, or flashing lights my son tends to gravitate toward this toy at playtime.  Recommended!
So cute!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!
Better than expected!  Earlier than expected and better in person! Great birthday gift!
Great product! Exactly what I was looking for.
Our daughter loved this, her favorite character from the movie !
He is almost 2 and it is really helping with his fine motor skills  My son loves this toy. He is almost 2 and it is really helping with his fine motor skills. It is great for travel.
One of my favorite gifts to give a baby  One of my favorite gifts to give a baby. The material is soft. Also, the music and soft lighting from the face are relaxing to little ones. I am so glad that Hasbro still manufactures them.
Boo Plush Toy Review  This toy is really fun. I love its design, and its very cool. Kids and Super Mario plush collectors will love it! Highly reccommended and get this item at a good price, preferably the lowest one. Great Toy!
Perfect  I have another Elmo doll for my 18 month-old daughter, but it was getting worn out, so I purchased this one as a replacement, and it's a perfect match to the other one.  She carries around both of them now!  It's the perfect size for her, and the material is so soft - including the eyes (they aren't the hard plastic type)!
Toy delivered on the date promised in good condition. I wish the tail wasn't sewn to the back of the Pikachu so it would swing freely, but that's just a nit pick. My child loves it!
Had to get!!!  Love it. So soft and goes with the book I bought for my granddaughter that will be born in June.
Cute Companions  Just what we needed ~ dimensions as described and very soft to the touch.  Ordered this one and the very similar "Pink Poka Dot" for two little girls, who loved them ~ they were the same, but girls could tell them apart.  Only negative was that they were just plopped into a shipping carton with no protection ~ no plastic wrap, no tissue, no nothing ~ had to carefully clean off the dust and shipping detritus ....
Seems like a good product  I personally think it's expensive but my younger sibling really wanted this. To be fair, it seems well made and just like in the picture so you are paying for what your getting.
An adorable Valentine gift for dog lovers  An adorable Valentine gift for dog lovers! Well made and such a cute size. Smaller than expected, but not a problem. SUPER SOFT.
Just what I was looking for  This is perfect for my She-Ra cosplay costume! I was concerned it may be a little floppy because it's a stuffed toy but it's sturdier than I expected! I'm going to get a large blue "sapphire"-looking jewel to affix in the middle for more accuracy. Can't wait to use it
Massive pikachu tail  This thing is HUGE. haha. I love it though! Its super cute and well made. If you want a huge pikachu tail charm/keychain get this. You won't be disappointed!
Awesome bath toy!!
... this for my Grandson's birthday and it was a great addition to all his other Minecraft plushies  Bought this for my Grandson's birthday and it was a great addition to all his other Minecraft plushies.  He loved it.
great  My son loved it. He has wanted it for a while. It came on time and was just what it said it was. Very happy.
Who doesn't like snoopy? He's not a real big stuffed animal  Who doesn't like snoopy? He's not a real big stuffed animal, but really cute and definitely not a toy for a small child. But we like him. P
Great for traveling  Great for traveling, small and lightweight.  Clip all the buckles on one side and you have a mini soft pillow.
Really like the simple version.  Adorable. Xmas gift for a 1 year old. Didn't want anything noisy or needing batteries. Perfect size and soft.
He is my squishie and no one else's  as an avid fan of the Kingdom Hearts series, i just had to get one of my favorite heartless ^_^ and so i did....he was actually delivered before the estimate delivery which impressed me and he is just sooo cute ^_^....what is not mentioned....unless they changed it...is that his eyes actually GLOW!!!! when i was going to bed the first night with my shadow heartless....the glowing suprised me and made me think for a split second "OYFG!!!! they sent me a real heartless... o_o" ....after i turned my lights on and off for a couple of minutes i concluded that his eyes just glowed ^_^'........yea, half asleep when trying to figure this out......anyways, the only thing that just slightly annoy's me is the antennas....they contain wire for form and if not careful they can sink into the shadow's head and be quite difficult to pull back into the antenna...when they sink they leave the cloth used for the antenna limp and in the way...thats the only problem...and if you have furry animals, don't let them get near, hair does show up on it....overall, it's a good plushie ^_^
Baby loved it!!!
Amazing!  Adorable and fantastic appearance. It's exactly as described. I would definitely buy it again if I needed to, perfect condition!
wonderful as described/pictured and my son loves it  Shipped fast from China, wonderful as described/pictured and my son loves it!!
Loved it!  So cute. Loved it!!
Cute plush and sounds just like the character
awesome my son loved them
Great tool  I have used johnson tools for years and the quality is second to none and made in USA do I need to say more !!!
addition to BatMan , my 4 yr old grandson loves it
Buckets Are a Simple Toy That Entertain  The stacking buckets are a wonderful toy that entertain children from about age 1 to age 5.  My grandchildren, ages almost 2, 4 1/2, and 16 months have enjoyed stacking them and knocking them down, putting them inside one another, carrying other toys around in the largest bucket and even wearing them as hats.  It is nice to find a toy that has so many uses without having to buy batteries. They are also good for the bathtub, sandbox, etc.  I have bought them as gifts, too.
Love these books  Kids seem to love the sing-song prose of the Llama Llama books, and of course they all carry a little moral type message for kids without being too obvious.
Great gift  Bought this as a gift and the recipient loved it. Its just a small little plush but it was perfect.
Infant I watch loves it.
Love and kisses - OX  THis is a great big Ugly Doll and the priceon Amazon was better than I found any place else.  If you love Ugly's, you'll love OX.  (OX as in hugs and kisses, not the bovine.)
I really love it!
cute  It's so cute, a little bit longer that a tsum tsum, but it's beautiful
Great gift for corgi owners and kids  My daughter loves this stuffed corgi. It's very cute and plush. Strangely enough our corgis have left it alone, I think because it's a little too large for them to assume it's a toy meant for them to destroy. Fingers crossed.
Kid approved  Soft and cuddly. My son's new favorite plush. It did have a strong order when we first received it, but nothing a little Febreeze and a short spin in the dryer didn't take care of. This was a great price compared to the other Pokemon plush we saw recently at the store.
Great product.  Shipping was fast and my son loves it. It's held up to some abuse a 6 and 4 year old can put it through.
Very cute
Gifted, very cute.authentic sound affect (sounds could be a little longer).reasonably priced
B.J. Stuffed animal  Very cute. My grandson loves it.  Arrived quickly.
cute
So adorable  Exactly what we were looking for
Great Little Bear  <div id="video-block-R2GY46X92GLFR" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B197XNwiChS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91oJpCSLiKS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This is such a cute bear. He is well made and all of the stitching is intact. He is tightly stuffed and stands so cute. There is no strange odors. His fur is bright and shiny and very soft. My son has already been dragging him around the house and back and forth from the stores. In my opinion he's the perfect size. Initially I thought he was a little on the small side but in the end it makes him much easier for my son to carry around and still cuddle and he doesn't take up an annoying amount of space like many of our other oversized stuffed animals. If you love Panda bears, you will love him. My son wanted to do an "unboxing video" so I hope you enjoy it.  Disclaimer: I received this bear at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest opinion.
My Dogs Love Elmo  This is my Yorkies' favorite toy.  It's something they can easily chase, carry around and they love to make Elmo giggle.  One of them always has Elmo close by ...until he got plopped in their water bowl.  His giggling has stopped but they still love him!  This is their 3rd Elmo.  Will be purchasing another.
kids love Hello Kitty!
He's just too cute..  It's not really like owning your pet, but it's pretty close to it :) My little girl loves it and carries it every where she goes. When I drop  her at day care, I'll say give Boo a kiss and say good bye and she does it. So adorable.
Thank you.
Granddaughter loves it  Along with the Minimus plus toy it is well made and easily recognizable as a Sofia the First  plush toy by my Granddaughter. She now has to have both to take to bed.
grandson loves it
Satisfied  Was a gift, they liked it.
Daughter Loves Winnie!  I recieved Winnie early and the product exceeds my daughter's expectations.  She received this as her Christmas gift.  She loves the softness of this Winnie.  Highly recommend this a qualtify product.
Ludo!!!!  Gift and she loved it
Perfect.
Exactly what I was expecting. Thank you.
Great size and quality  This is a wonderful size of Pooh Bear for a child 4 years and up - big, but not too big to carry around, and big enough to snuggle and play with.  If you are looking for one for your child to carry around in the car, etc., it may be too large, but for toting around the house, it is great.  Would also be a great size for a teen's room (very cute sitting on the bed!).
He was so surprised and happy to get it  This was the highlight of my son's Christmas!  He was so surprised and happy to get it.  Nice big size!
Great dog cuddle toys, the cloth eyes are perfect.
Would recommend.  Bought this for my granddaughter.  She calls Mickey Mouse Hot Doggy.  She sleeps with Hot Doggy.  Loves it.  Would recommend.
Lots of Fun with Elmo!  This is a great toy!  Fabulous quality and my 3 year old son LOVES it.  The hats are easy to change and move right along with his imagination.  I'm trying this product free thanks to Playskool.  I would recommend this to all moms.
sailor moon plush!!!   I was really pleased with the plush :) just like picture!  Was really cute and would get one more to have for myself then to have as a collectable.  Well wroth the price.
Minions!  He is very cute n cuddly. I love minions so he fits right in. He is as advertised.
Good quality plush toy  Very fast shipping. Good quality plush toy. My kids love them 
Soo cute
good buy  daughter loves it
Adorable  Super cute! Soft! Great detail for a stuffed animal
AMAZING!!!  AMAZING!!! My daughter loves this! We got this because my everyone ingot my daughter out of her carseat she HAD to buckle it before going in the house, so I found this and now Bella comes everywhere with us! Such an amazing toy!
My wife loves pigs!!! So when I saw this i had to get it! Getting her this for Christmas. ..and I always tell her that she is my Miss Piggy because she has a piggy type nose Lol.
... little smaller than I thought but my granddaughter will love  A little smaller than I thought but my granddaughter will love it
Hawaiian Tropic Ozone Sunscreen 70  I have used this product for 8 years. It is fantastic! I have not burned or had an allergic reaction to it. The only place I could find it this year was Amazon, thank gosh. I recommend it highly.  You won't be disappointed. What a tan you can get when you use it regularly. I use it as a moisturizer every day of the year and as a sunblock.
My boy loves it!  Looks like Shrek which is a bit hard to come by. Just the right size to carry around for a 2 year old.
I need them all!  I have the collection of Star Wars Tsum Tsum and this toy was perfect to keep working on completing it. The price is great and the quality/finish of the toys are awesome! I want them all!
Cute toy and very soft. My daughter uses this as a teething toy.
Very cute.  My girl is going to be thrilled!
my nephew loved them
Love this sloth  Love this sloth.  I ordered this for my daughter who was going through a tough time.  It has become one of her favorite things.  It is soft and cuddly and the face is adorable.
It is very cute and growing collection of my children.
Daughter loves this "baby". We had a sea horse version and I love that you can press it once to get music and again to shut it off.
Wow!  This is the one thing my son HAD to have for Christmas. I was so nervous because he told me last minute and could not find it anywhere near me. I found it on Amazon.com and it shipped so quickly! I'm ecstatic and cannot wait to see his face! Thank you!
There is a difference!  After reading a few reviews for these wine glasses, I was skeptical about whether you really can taste a difference when compared to other wine glasses. I purchased a set anyway because I like how they look. When they arrived, I immediately did a taste test with a Sauvignon Blanc. I poured the wine into an ordinary white wine glass and another into the new Bormioli glass. There was a subtle but noticeable difference. I'm not a wine expert, but even my unsophisticated palate was able to detect the increase in flavor and depth, with the more subtle nuances being exposed in the Bormioli glass but not the normal glass.  The next evening I tried the same test with a Cab/Merlot, and it was improved as well by the Bormioli Esperienze. I'll be ordering more of these!
Will Buy Again!  Good quality, exactly as ordered, quick and fair prices shipping!!!
Cool.
For my daughter's birthday  My daughter love it, my daughter loves it, use the Furby Boom app and have a lot of fun
Great gift for my nephew!  My two year old nephew loves Caillou (I find him annoying and way too whiney, but that's neither here nor there).  I bought this for him for his 2nd birthday and he loves it!  He carries it around and wants it with him during nap time.  It's a good size and not too big.
Just beautiful ...  My daughter was watching cartoons emosiona winny pooh, so we decided to buy it for amazon and that is a complication disneystore buy. When I hug my daughter and she loved it.  beautiful product  thank you very much
Came nicely packaged and phrases are cute  Bought this for my toddler who adores boov. Came nicely packaged and phrases are cute.
Genuine Lion Guard  Genuine Lion Guard plush. My daughter was very happy with it, perfect size plush toy.
I LOVE IT EXCELLENT SHIPPING AND PACKAGING THANK YOU REGARDS CATHY
Good product  Looks like the picture, constructed well and the kids enjoy it. A good purchase if your kids like Angry Birds.
Cowabunga dude!  My nephew has been having so much fun with his favorite turtle pal Raphael.  It is well worth the price and the hours Elijah has spent playing with it.  Everything about it is pros and no cons!
Nice size too  So cute! Nice size too. Can't wait to see my child's face when he gets this.
I love it  Excellent
great quality  This is a really good quality product, the only complaint I would have is the hair color and its size, other than that great for my collection and like I said it is made very well
Great toy!  Awesome toy! My child is obsessed with buckles
gift
Snuggle buddy  Great for late night snuggles, and sneaking him into my backpack I adore shark-kun to bits and would recommend this,
Love it!
It's perfect
very nice, high quality
Buy it - it is adorable  This plush kangaroo is fabulous!  It is soooo soft and looks real.  I think those little eyes are looking right at me.  It is a perfect size to sit on a bed. It is the best stuffed animal I have ever had.
Love these, they are very functional  Love these, they are very functional.  The hose actually stays in the wheel--a new concept for hose guides.  Not to mention they rust and fade into the mulch.  If you want fake garden animals that show everyone you don't have any taste, then get something else.
Adorable!
Granddaughter chose it and she loves it.
Collecting the sheep  Love the sheep. They are the cutest and I hve quite a collection now. Not all of them- but clos . I don't really know how many of them there are but my goal is to have the entire flock. This one arrived in great shape. Thank you to the seller.
Cute!
Super duper cute in person and very, very soft. Arrived much sooner than I expected!
Perfect  Perfect
Odd looking doll  My grandson loves this doll..  Very soft. Well made. Hand spot wash.. Haven't had it too long but so far so good..
Very cute and soft
Love her  Just as described, Great quality. I've attached a picture of her near a box can for size comparison. She's a birthday gift for my niece. I couldn't be any happier.
Will buy again  Great buy kids loved them.
Great!  Super cute! Strongly recommend!
Love it  Adorable plush
NICE AND BIG  NICE and BIG....a lot of room to write notes for each date....!
Very Cute!  When I got this in the mail, I was very pleased.  The plush is soft, and well made.  The bottom of his feet are flat and sturdy so he can stand upright.  Shipping was fast, arrived in a matter of days after placing my order.  Overall, I highly recommend this to any Kirby fan or just anyone who wants a soft plush.
ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  ITS A COMPANION CUBE!  Its soft and not really cuddly, but its great for any portal fans. I recommend it for anyone actually, if you explain its meaning. Haha.
My Little one loves this toy. It eats batteries like crazy though but it's a really fun toy if your child loves Oloff.
Good gift  It's a nice gift and it looked a lot better than I expected
My six year old son loves it.  It arrived very quickly.
I love my Emolga!  I got mine really fast!  It's incredibly adorable! It's small, but it's very high quality. It's incredibly soft! The darker fur behind it's head, etc. is lighter than Emolga in the game, but that's nothing to really complain about. Highly recommended!
Awesome
good item and arrived in time or before
Love this toy!  Yet another great planet in the Celestial Buddies line. I love the level of detail included in the pattern on the planet surface, as does my detail-oriented kid.
Kids love it.  Bright and durable so far.  Kids love it.  Bright and durable so far.
Adorable! Good quality.
Great quality plush toy
My great grandson is in love with Elmo.  Doesn't put it down.
Furby pink and blue  Product was as I expected. I worked really well and at a good price which was something I was looking for.
FREDDY
Very cute and well made, she looks just the the character in the book!
Hours of fun  23 month old and 7 month old both love this buckle whale! Hours of fun and great practice for buckle and zipper.
Good price!  Really cute Olaf! Love it!
So adorable! Worth the purchase :) It sheds though, so not for toddlers.
An elephant any child will love...  We gave this toy to our new grandson. He's only a month old, so he didn't have much of a reaction, but his Mom loved it. I'm sure when he gets a little older, he'll enjoy playing with it. It's very soft and has a sweet face.
Awesome Product!/Gift  Very sturdy, and Quality is great, 100% recommend!
good product  good fun!  Keep up the good work!
My daughter is extremely happy.  My daughter is extremely happy.
Best Silver plush ever made!!!!!!  I'm a big fan of Silver,this plush meets my expectations without a doubt!!!!
funko plush  grandson loves it.
Granddaughter loves it..
Amazing deal!  These are great! They sell these for $10 a piece at the store and I got all of them for around $13 here so definitely a great deal! My boys love them!!
Exactly as shown in the picture...
My daughter really loves this Joy doll. It's a large size  My daughter really loves this Joy doll. It's a large size, which is great. I kind of wonder if she'd like it more if it was just soft (instead of the speaker being in the body) but it being able to say the 5 quotes is pretty good, and she enjoys that. The quality seems decent, but not great. Only time will tell how long it holds up.
Thank you
Cute  This little Rudolph was a favorite in our house for the holidays.  Both my 4 year old and 6 month old loved him!
It is the perfect distraction during plane rides or dinner  My daughter is 18 months old and loves this toy!  It is the perfect distraction during plane rides or dinner.  A little pricey for what it is, but worth it.
Great motor skills toy  I purchased this toy for my 18 month old son. Great motor skills toy.
Nice and fun
Hilarious  This thing giggles every time it is shaken. Makes me laugh every single time and my baby loves it.
They are cute
favorite character from the legend of zelda
arrived in good condition, really I loved  The product arrived in time and form, is what you would expect, arrived in good condition, really I loved.
Awesome plush!  Morton is one of my favorite Koopalings. The shipping was on time and he is of pretty high quality. His face was a little lop-sided when I got him but I didn't find that to be a big issue. I also own the Sanei Ludwig, Roy, and Iggy plushies. They are all great and I would highly recommend them all.
Kirby  (kid's review) This is one of the few Kirby toys you can actually find in the US. While there are other Kirby plushes from the same company currently out (Jester Kirby, Parasol Kirby, etc.) this is one of the best ones. His hat and frying pan look just like they do in his games, and his expression is adorable for what he actually does in the chef suit - boil people alive.
A gift  It was a gift. And seeing the expression on his face was just perfect when he opened it. I want one myself now.
granddaughters will be happy
Perfect size!
Awesome!  It was just what I expected :)
The cutest tiny pillow EVER!  A must for Invader Zim fans!
Baby #3 and all the kids still like this little toy
I echo the other reviewers on this product  I first purchased these containers from Sharper Image at least 5 years ago. I've used them non-stop ever since. They are absolutely remarkable. So much so, that I started a web search to see if I could find them again. Thanks to Amazon, I've rediscovered them! I needed more containers. I've tried the "green" bags but they just are not the same. That's why I was unwilling to buy the "green" containers. They may be good, but nothing can beat these yellow fresh sets. Fresh blueberries (unwashed and dry) easily last a month or more in them. When the berries are really good and in season, I purchase them and store them in these containers. I wash them as I use them. A truly great product!  I HIGHLY recommend them!
My niece loved this! Perfect size for her to hold.
Tentacle Kitty is the best!  I loveeee the Little Ones!!! I already have Tentacle Kitty, Ninja Kitty, the Rat Tailed Unicorn, and the Red Little One... Now I aim to collect them all!!!!!!!!! Be sure you follow Tentacle Kitty on Facebook for all the latest things! They just had a huge kickstarter event fans loved!
Sweet toy  Got this for my granddaughter who really loved it. Sings a very sweet song.
Our child thinks its great
Great quality product  This toy is awesome it has such attention to detail and realistic characteristics. It's one of my daughters favorite Christmas gifts.
great addition to Thomas Family  My granddaughter loves it, as she does her Thomas plush--- It is a great night companion along with the others.
My daughter got Sylveon for her birthday and she loves this Pokemon. All TOMY products that we've purchased have been very well made. Would definitely buy again.
Soft and adorable. My daughter LOVED it! It's about the size of a softball (bigger than fist size)
All good  As described, delivered as promised!
Adorable  This item was a little smaller than anticipated, but still completely adorable and well made.  I will use this seller again!
Really cute
This Super Mario was a present for someone special  This Super Mario was a present for someone special.  It was exactly what he wanted - I couldn't ask for a more perfect response.
Very soft and lovable
My Grandson Loves This Little Guy  I bought this puppet for my grandson's pre kindergarten graduation and he has not put it down since.  It's been almost 3 weeks and he takes it everywhere. From a durability standpoint, it's still in one piece and in good condition but dirty as you would expect.
Daughter loves it. Details and colors correct.  Bought this for my Daughter. She loves it but I am not sure I do. I wish it came in a little larger size.
Very cute and cuddly.
must have if you love monster high
A little smaller than expected but one of my favorite investments
Little wormy  Got the lowly worm to go along with the book. He is small, good size for a small child do carry around.
Awesome!
This is a super cute disney plush  This is a super cute disney plush. I bought this for my friend who was leaving America back to Thailand. She's never owned a stuffed animal in her life and loves Pooh Bear so I bought this for her. She loved it. The bear is super soft and nice. And looks exactly like it does in the picture online.
They were adorable dolls; both of my granddaughters loved them.
I had no problems  I purchased this elmo, like most, worried about the programming. I have a new computer with windows xp on it. I'm not very computer literate so if I encountered any problems I knew I wouldnt be able to fix it. Much to my delight it programmed without a hitch! I bought it as a gift for my 1 yr old, and my 3 yr old helped me pick it out. The three year old is delighted to give it to his sister, from him of course. I know that this toy will be a hit with both my children. although I cant imagine that it has much educational value I think that it will help my 1 yr old with her schedule as I programmed it in
Great Quality. Super soft and seem sturdy. Looks as pictured.
It's a nice size for snuggle time  i purchased this Daniel Tiger for naptimes at my 2-year old son's new Mother's Day Out. He LOVES this Daniel Tiger! He danced and sang and hugged his new snuggle toy. It's a nice size for snuggle time. The glowing "Tigey" doll is very cute, although I wish it were soft. My Little is almost 2 and 1/2 so it's not a big deal, but if your Little is still tiny, it might not be the go-to snuggly in the crib. My only other wish is that there were a volume button so that we might control the level of sound during the Night-Night song. ;)
Glow in the dark eyes are cool!  My daughter really likes this owl!!
LOVE IT  Love this bunny. It's soft and adorable. The best Peter Rabbit bunny I have seen, after looking at dozens.
The quality of these plush were amazing! Way past expectation  The quality of these plush were amazing!  Way past expectation!  My daughter was so happy when she received this package!  Fast delivery!  I would order it all over again.
Daughter loved it!
Teenager loves it!  Got it for a 14 year old girl who is a fan of Naruto she loves it and keeps it on her bed. Was a good size plush.
Slippery Slimy Goomy!   I bought this plush on the Pokmon Center USA website a while back. I love Goomy, even his evolutions, Sliggoo and Goodra. I bought this Goomy on the Pokmon Center USA website because the prices for this little guy on Amazon are vastly huge. If you can't find a Goomy plush on the Pokmon Center USA website or eBay, then the only place you will find it on Amazon, so be careful with your money. If you buy an Espurr plush, you should buy a Goomy plush to go along with it, alongside the male and female Meowstic plushies. This one and Espurr would make a cute derpy Pokmon plush duo!  This Goomy plush is quite average size for a small Pok Plush. He is very, very soft and made of luxurious minky fabric, He also has a cute , derpy and silly little face, with his little beady eyes making him uber adorable! His bottom side is somewhat thick and poofy, similar to the Pokmon Center Mega Gardevoir's flower-like wedding dress skirt. His antennas are also adorable and fun to play with. The only problem that I had with this little Goomy is that the green circles all over his body, even his face, are glued on to him. If you want to wash him, just surface wash him with a sponge instead of soaking him in Oxi Clean. If you soak him, the glue on the green spots will deteriorate and fall off.  "Gooby", as I call my little Goomy plush, is my little child and a wonderful addition to my Pokmon plush family. I just love him lots and lots, and he is loved by everyone in my family.  Like I said earlier, the prices for this plush are very huge, so be careful on which is the least expensive one to buy. This plush is perfect for Pokmon fans and Pokmon plush collectors of all ages!
Perfect addition to the collection  Goes perfect with my Harley Quinn Mopeez
This is awesome the only negative thing is her head seems to be bent downward a little. Still so cute though!
Peppa kid?  My two year old son loves the heck out of these dolls. Sleeps with every one of them. Names every one of them before bed. Great purchase
Great Toy  My niece was obsessed with her Lorax toy!!  She carries this little mustache guy around with her everywhere!!!  Great buy!
Very nice, exactly what I was looking for.
Came timely and it's great quality. The "ears" are floppy and not stuck in place, but other than that everything was beyond what I expected. Great!
Cute little critter!  Gift for my granddaughter, she loves it!
got here very quickly, very cute and the sound works!
They Love it!  Twin nearly two year olds. They Love it!
Adorable!
fantastic product warm flexible durable  fantastic product warm flexible  durable
... stop by the bakery and get there free cookie love him!  He's a little small but the kids who stop by the bakery and get there free cookie love him!
It's still in one piece.  And that's all you can ask for.  My daughter loves these plushes, and they hold up to her imagination.  It is fun and well-made.
Its what Kiki needs  Perfect size, delivered quickly in time for comic-con in NYC. Perfect accessory for the Kiki costume. I love it.
loved instantly!  Very cute, loved instantly!
It is just what I wanted
best Elmo around  Bought for my grandson he loves Elmo. This I think is one of the best Elmo's around.
Great gift for a 1 1/2 y/o boy.
Kids love it  My kids love these birds- fun bird for a reasonable price. This brand is great!
Very cute Boo Dog  The mouth on mine looked different than the picture it was higher on one side than the other but I thought that looked cute.  Boo is a very soft dog.  I thought it was a great price.  I paid under $10.00 on Black Friday with free shipping.
nice  Very nice and big. Good quality and soft. My daughter really loves it
Too cute  7 inches is much smaller than you might think it is.  My son loves it though because he has his very own Beast Boy
Great love it
very nice feel, good quality  Got for the kids, very nice feel, good quality.
Durable  Washes well in the washing machine and dries quickly without the dryer. Definitely the right size for a toddler hug.
Very Cute. A must have for Paw Patrol lovers
Love  My grands love Elmo in any form
Tree Spirit for my car  This is a great plushy for any fan. It is just the right size to be my vehicle mirror ornament.
Nice plushy, nice addition to a childs collection if they are fnaf fans
I named mine "Jay"...  now it won't stop mocking me about that bad Hunger Games pun.
Cute as a button!  This little item is just as described and cute as a button. My son bought it for his girlfriend who is a Toadette fan. It was a hit. :O)
My students love this doll with the books that I read
Super cute present for my boyfriend  Arrived sooner than expected. Super cute present for my boyfriend! :)
Absolutely adorable. Got this for my bf and he loves it! Originally wanted it to put it on his car's towing hitch, but he put it on the side of his car window.
Absolutely adorable as described.
Panchito!!!  You can not purchase the Three Caballeros at Disney anymore which makes them impossible to find. My youngest is a HUGE fan and just adores her little Panchito snuggly friend. He is very soft and cute! Great price too
Love it!  I bought this for my son, but I think I enjoy it more than he does!  So many different ridiculous noises that sound true to the Rabbids.  So much fun if you step on it or sit on it without realizing.  Always a good laugh.
Super cute  I'm not a fan of the plastic dolls and thought these dolls looked super cute and 'voo-doo'. They're excellent quality and the packaging is really cute too. Such a shame they haven't brought out more characters.
Awesome Squirtle  Cute, soft, and totally worth the money! Shipping was a bit delayed but it looked just like the picture.
Gave this as birthday present to 92 year old political activist, saying "every girl needs a doll." She loved it and everyone wanted to know where to get one!
Love it
Love MIckey  Replacement Mickey for our little grandson...he hugged the first one so much it lost it's stuffing!! This one will be loved just as much.
grand babies love them
Great for my daughters newborn pics. :)
Excellent product and seller.
Cute piece for a small window.  This is a cute suncatcher which I purchased for my bathroom window. I would make sure that it is out of reach of small children.
small but great quality really nice
My favorite pokemon!  Im so glad I actually found a plushy of my favorite pokemon! Its mall but very cute and well made
Adorable, Worth Your Money  It's so adorable. It does not stand on its own though, I have to lean it against something or else it falls over. But the quality of the item is great and its a must have for any Final Fantasy fan.
Loved it  Got it as a gift for my girlfriend since she already has the Judy. Its a perfect match. Packaging could be better.
5 year old grandson loves this blue toad.  It helped complete his plush Mario set.
Buckle and unbuckle, repeat  My granddaughter does not put this down!!!  So proud of herself when she buckles each one!!!
so cute love it
Love my Lucario plush as much as my Riolu  Renshi is the name of my Lucario in the Pok&eacute;mon games, and this plush is an awesome representation of her! At least as a Mega Lucario. The plush is super, super soft, and sewn really well. I'm not rough with my plush toys, however this one doesn't feel like it's going to fall apart at all. It's perfect for any Lucario fan.
Great item!  My 23 month old has fallen in love -- with Elmo.  Altho I did not particularly encourage this, it happened.  I had trouble locating an Elmo that was just s stuffed, plush animal that did not laugh, jump or do anything wild.  All of those toys were hard and not so cuddly.  This one is perfect for cuddling and allowing the child to use their imagination.
Totoro Plushy  My 8 year old daughter received the Totoro Plushy for Christmas 2011. She went crazy when she received it and she still loves it 6 months later. It is very well made and well worth it. Who knows, If she is still into Totoro next Christmas perhaps she'll get the really big Totoro. It's a little too early to say what's coming from Santa's workshop in 6 months!
Super cute  He is so cute and cuddly. His fur is a little matted and pulls out easily,  so I wouldn't reccomend it for real younger children. But other then that his is adorable.  (The polo shirt does not come on the sloth ;) )
Thank you!  Great purchase!!!
This is a fun toy for the car  My toddler is interested in buckles! This is a fun toy for the car, grocery shopping, restaurants, etc. Great way to keep them busy!
Granson loves it! It is very soft.
Hair isn't a mess and they are small enough not to take up much space  I got one of these several years ago for my oldest and all my kids fight over it. I was glad to have found some of the same and surprise each one with one this year in their stocking. I love they are small and can click on. I especially love that their hair doesnt get mangled like their bigger ones (dont have yarn as hair).
Very cute  It's a small cute Pokemon. It's fits in well with my child's Pokemon collection. She plays with this one where most of the other Pokemon are for decoration.
My niece loved this gift  My niece loved this gift! She has worn it for the New York Comic con! Everyone always stops her to ask her where she bought it!
great gift... soft and plush.
VERY well made!  VERY well made! Perfect details, soft, and cuddly!
was a bday gift for a coworker she cried
beautiful
Nice and cute America  America the Hero is a nice plush to have
very good product!!!
Adoreable  It was adorable in the movie and looks just like him. So soft and cuddliest. I am sure she will be very happy on Christmas morning!
Love  It's a good price and a good size and got here really quick. My girl loves it. Which play with it everyday
kids love  was a lot larger than anticipated. very well made, kids love it
"He must be controlling them with some sort of hyper cuteness"  I got this for the biggest Futurama fan, my daughter.  She keeps it on her bed.  It's soft and his third eye stands just fine.
Adorable!  This victini is so adorable!! The embroidery on the eyes and mouth is very well done! Great job, Banpresto! I LOVE your UFO prizes. This price is good for the item you get :) Highly recommended
It looks great in my  So cute and shipped so fast. It looks great in my nursery
Hugga monkey  Tho this was not on that child's list, it was my choice to present it... he was delighted, and happened to be wearing a Monkey shirt at the time.  Before long, his head was on Monkey as a pillow, near the Christmas tree.  I am glad I ordered it. The service was fine.
cute and well-made
Super cute! This was the perfect accent to my sons nursery. It's well stitched and not over stuffed. Very happy with it!
Mario is a hit with my son  My son loves his baby Mario, he plays with a bit rough and it is holding up well from the abuse.
Cute plush got it when I had gall bladder removed and it is now a conversation piece! Very durable and a decent size!
Fantastic Toy!!  It took my son a little time to warm up to Horton but now he LOVES him. The rattle inside is very quiet so this is great when you're trying to settle your baby down. I also love that this is a "safe" non chemical toy for our baby.
I purchased this for my newborn niece. It is so cute and well made. I can not wait to give it to her!
This thing is AWESOME!  You know,when this thing come i was amazed how big was,also the details and color make it great and is very useful for Alien Fans
Well constructed, very soft  This is the same plush toy that the official Disney store sells. It's really well constructed as is all the other plush toys we've ordered from them. Our toddler loves it and instantly recognized the character (and she can't read his shirt). It does have beanies in it to help weigh it down so that could be a concern for some, however, like I said before it's well constructed and unless your kid is the Hulk, it probably will never be an issue.
Two Stars  My kid like it a lot.
Lots of buckles and a zipper, oh my!  My 15mo. old granddaughter is really into buckles and zippers.  This was the perfect Easter gift for her.  She loves it!  And I think it's so cute!
Awesome! Also came when expected
Great buy  Bought this and Oh for my grandsons they love them, great products would definitely buy again.
The CUTEST Dora doll I've seen! All soft/plush and has a the little map in the backpack's pocket. You can even put small things in the backpack (like a pacifier). My 16 month old loves it. Washes well in the machine in a laundry bag.
Matched the picture perfectly, seems well sewn and durable and my 4yr old absolutely adores him!
Great toy!  This is probably one of the weirdest things I have seen since the Siamese Twins! Who would have thought of a plush chestburster? As a huge fan of the Aliens/Predator universe, I found this very interesting and unique. It makes a good amateure movie prop, and is also good to cuddle up with if you are a toddler, although I would recommend a teddy bear for most little kiddies. I gave its educational value 3 stars because it shows you what xenomorphs look like after they burst through your ribcage! And on top of this, the plush also has a pair of inner jaws that can be slightly extended outwards. This makes a great piece of merchandise to add to your collection if you are a fan of the Aliens/Predator universe like me, but it can also be used as a movie prop.
Scary little sucker!!!
Arrived exactly on time and was perfect!
Cute and good quality  My 5 year old loves it and it travels often with us, even though she doesn't do this often with stuffed toys.  Its cute and seems good quality.
so my granddaughter is very happy. Thanks to  It was actually what I wanted.  I already have another one, but could not find it, in our stores in Austin, TX, so my granddaughter is very happy.  Thanks to Amazon
loved these
Nice quality
My son will love it.  Arrived quick. My son will love it.
Gaara!  Gaara is my favorite character in the anime and this plushie is my favorite out of the ones that I have, it hasn't ripped at all
My son loved both plushes.
Adore it  Great quality and very soft. Looks just like the character with all the details, and keeps its shape well. Perfect size. Very pleased.
Cute!!!
Exactly as described good quality my daughter loved it!
super soft and adorable. its better quality than expected
<3
Happy Child  My grandson could not be any happier. He loves his MICKEY!
olaf plush  Cute and cuddly perfect for my grand daughter
Wonderful Product  Our dog ate my daughters Marie I bought her at Disneyland.  I bought this to replace it.  She loves it, well made.
Nice purple peep plush  This peep is adorable. It is in the basic shape of a peep but is a bit thinner at the bottom. It isn't weighted at the bottom like the bunny but is just as soft. As an adult, I can say it was absolutely a good purchase and at least true to description. The only problem I can foresee is sleeping on the hard plastic "Peeps" tag on the bum so watch out for that if you are purchasing for a child.
Glad I ordered this one.  Beautiful!  Very well made and colorful...met all my expectations.
I got this for my bff she loves these
It was beautfiul
gift  It is the cutest thing goes great with the book and is perfect for young tot or even a teacher.
great
Elmo scores again  My grandaughter loves this.  Elmo has introduced her to the world of Sesame St.
love it  I love it I got it for my sons first Christmas
Lol compliments
Great product  Shipping was great. Although it came a little squished, just fluff it out and it looks super cute!! A great gift to give to someone.
Amazing!  I was baffled at the amazing quality of this item. Coming from China I expected it to get here in several months and to be of bad quality. I was very impressed and I got it a week after it shipped!!
Perfect for teething haha  My 9 month old loves buckles and straps. Perfect for teething haha. She thinks this toy is the coolest thing. I like that the back has numbers and animals. And there is a hidden zipper too! The pillow part is really soft and the whole toy is a very nice quality.
Hours of fun  18 month old twin grandbabies love this! My daughter is constantly having to unbuckle everything so they can redo it. They can buckle, but have not figured out Unbuckling yet.
Perfect in Every Way--Even Better Than the Photo!  I bought this stuffed Cairn Terrier dog for my daughter to use as Toto for her Dorothy Halloween costume.  We couldn't be happier with it! The photo doesn't do it justice--It's much cuter in person! The dog is soft and supple, made with quality materials.  Its features are all very realistic looking and it's the perfect size to fit in a little basket. Don't hesitate to buy this stuffed dog--You'll love it!
Adorable  It was adorable. Order for my niece.
Looks adorable in my sons camo and hunting themed room.
My boyfriend a huge bender fan surprised him with this guy for v day. I got pie win win. Oh he loves it.
Arrived on time and just as pictured
Levi is cute  it was smaller than I excepted but she loved it anyway and kept it with her in her backpack
The Ultimate AV Rack  This is a very high quality AV rack.  This has a very "open" design, which is fantastic for heat flow.  There's really nothing negative I can say about it. Buy it!
We loved this new toy. You change his hat and he has different sayings!
Fuli for real  Daughter loves it.  Great quality
Adorable, affordable and it comes in a beautiful box!
worth it  This is a great buy....my son loves to make believe with these two.
Just the thrill I got from this, watching my granddaughter opening this for Christmas, was Well worth it!
Dora Beanie Baby  My kids love the TY Beanie Babies.  We have the whole Dora and Diego set.  We keep them in the car in our Dora Backpack!!
3 yr old loves it  3 year old daughter loves this. Have replaced it twice being she loses it when we're out and about and or on trips. Can't live without it
Great and beauty product, all Pokemon fans must have one of this
Grandson loves it!  Was bought as a gift for our great-grandson for Xmas. It is his favorite toy! Is exactly as advertised.
Adorable!  My husband and I bought this for our Elmo loving toddler granddaughter.  We can't quit playing with his nose but will surrender him soon as he is one of her Christmas gifts. He will be the last gift I wrap! This toy is completely adorable, the phrases in Elmo's cute baby voice are precious. As she is a very nurturing and affectionate baby I am certain she will love and pamper this sneezing little Baby Elmo.
Favorite toy for our standard American Eskimo puppy!  Our 18-mos-old standard American Eskimo, who usually tries to destroy most plush toys, LOVES these birds!  He plays fetch with them and will bring them to us when he wants to play.  We have to cut off the little "feather" parts, or the ears, because he will chew those off and swallow them, but other than that, he mostly leaves them alone, and wants us to throw them around for him to chase.  All we have to do is say, "Where's Bird?", and he's searching for it all over! They're well-constructed and the sound chip (which feels pretty big, actually) gives off some cool "Angry Bird" sounds, but is so deeply buried inside there is almost no chance of him getting to them.  I suppose if he really put his mind to it he could dig into the plush far enough, but he has too much fun with them in other ways.  He's even brought them to me when I felt bad, and just left them next to me as if it were his gift, hoping that I will feel well enough to play soon.
It is amazing
love it
Perfect!  I would highly recommend  Perfect size, super soft, my 2 year old grandson LOVES his Elmo!!  He's with him all the time!  I would highly recommend
My daughter loves him!
She loves it
Baby Shower Gift  I am hosting a Peter Rabbit themed baby shower in January and this little guy is adorable! Very reasonably priced, too!
Great product works great.
Super cool PLUSH
Awesome Paper  This paper is so nice and thick!!! Perfect for the recipe book I made.
:3  My Sister and I love it and it is bigger than the picture shows and it looks so cute and adorable.
I bought this for my daughter who loves Monsters and Monsters U.  A nice sized doll that has been very durable and no strange odors coming out of the bag.  I love Squishy
Adorable 10/10 worth the buy!
Great gift!  Exactly what I was looking for!
It was amazing
Beautiful doll and great customer service  Doll is very soft and cute. My daughter loves it and quality of material is also so good. The customer service was great. Seller immediately addressed the issue that I had.
Cute  Cute, soft n cuddliest.
A party hit  A party hit
Received exactly what I ordered and in a timely manner. My son absolutely loves it!! Thank you
Awesome
Adorable swishy little fellow  I purchased this cutie pie for myself but my daughter fell so in love with "her" that I'm going to have to get myself another. Love that the eyes are not buttons that can be ripped off but are actual thread sewn on. Can't wait to see what comes out next from Marshfellows!
I NEED TO BUY 50 DON'T YOU HAVE ANYMORE?  I NEED TO BUY 50 DON'T YOU HAVE ANYMORE?
... a Christmas gift for my daughter and since she love Pokmon so much she loves it  Brought this for a Christmas gift for my daughter and since she love Pokmon so much she loves it
Wonderful product. Made well.
Granddaughter loves it.
Great Gift  Something different and he loved it
Great gift!  My 3 yr old granddaughter loves it!  It's bigger than her.  She drags this doll around by the head and won't go anywhere without it.  And it is made very well!
Great Product!  We ordered the Frozen Olaf figure for our granddaughter, and she absolutely loves it!  It goes everywhere with her.  Sure glad this is a washable toy.  Very pleased with the quality of the product.
Nice product.  Well-packaged.  Thanks.
Fun
great for my grandson!
No one would surrender to the Dread Pirate Wesley!  Cute toy. Says two phrases.  "you wish to surrender to me? Very well, then I accept"  and "no one would surrender to the dread pirate wesley"  Fast shipper.
Great quality. My little girl loved it  Arrived fast. Great quality. My little girl loved it.
Sulley  It is a well made Sulley Doll that is very soft and plush. It is great gift for any Sulley fan
my friends son loved  so cute and fluffy, my friends son loved them
Granddaughter loved  Elmo "stuffy"  Definitely put a smile on my Grandchild's face!  She loves Elmo, it appears to be well constructed.  Nice size for child to cuddle or take to bed.
Good buy  Great toy for an infant to chew on and look at colorful letters!
My girl friend loves it. It is in her cubical at work surrounded by evil minnions.
so cute my daughter loved them.  couldn't find this in stores anywhere
Adorable!  Purchased for nephew and he absolutely adores this plushy.  He like to wrap the wings around the plush and sleep with it every night.  It is a great size.
Would buy it again  Great item.  Loved the song.
was great the way I accepted  Yes,was great the way I accepted. ..
... wanted to keep it for myself it was so cool. I might just order another one for me  I gave this to my friend for their birthday but i kinda wanted to keep it for myself it was so cool. I might just order another one for me.
This will be my grandson's first truck! Cute.
ugly dolls  It is quite difficult to choose a birthday party theme sometimes, my eight year old really enjoyed his party, it was an original theme, plus even though this fellows are called Ugly dolls they are simply adorable, even my teenager guests wanted to take one home!!!
Sunny buy  Quality little plushy with nice details. No loose threads or weak seams. I would purchase again from this company
Adorable!  So. Cute. I bought this to go in my daughter's Christmas Eve box this year because we have a llama theme of sorts. So thought she'd get a kick out of this.  It's smaller than I expected but then again, I didn't check the size before I bought it, so no blame to the seller because it was listed. I'd absolutely recommend this little cutie!
Domo is cute  I got this for my boyfriend for christmas and i have to say it was so cute i wanted to get one for myself! go Domo!
It was perfect!!!
Good condition. Soft  Just the right size. Not huge, not small. Good condition. Soft!
SOOO CUTE!  I had a really hard time convincing myself to spend this much on a stuffed animal, but my daughter love's the "Tangled" movie and Pascal is her favorite part.  So I splurged and got it for her fourth birthday and she is completely in love with him!  He's terribly cute and seems VERY well made, which is a good thing because she's been sleeping with him every night and taking him with her everywhere.  Totally worth it!
Great Toy  Purchased for my 2 year old granddaughter for their plane trip from Fl back to MI. She LOVES buckles so this was a perfect find for her after seeing it on Pinterest. She played with it 75% of the way home.
Quick delivery  So cute
This was the first christmas wish list item for my son needless to say when he received it, he went nuts.  He takes it everywhere with him!  (he is 8)
Perfect for your Pokemon Go fan!  This is a great little plush for your pokemon fan!  MY little dude was very happy to pick up the Dragonite.  And he didn't need a 100 dragonite candies to get it either.
Itty Bitty Cuteness  Sooo cute, so soft. Be aware the numbers in his jersey are pink.
Looks legit
Pink Panther  My 2.5yo toddler is love his Pink Panther! It's long and lean enough for him to snuggle and drag him around.
Great Minecraft Skeleton Plush !  Bought this for my 6 year old son and he loves it !  It was bigger than I expected and is well made.  It makes a great addition to his plush Minecraft collection and it's bigger than the other ones too.  Very happy with purchase !
adorable Peter Rabbit  He is the cutest and my daughter who loves the book of Peter Rabbit couldn't believe he was in her own easter basket.  Very well made, very sweet little "blue jacket with brass buttons, quite new."
It was cute, well packaged.
Neice loves them
Adorable learning tool  Absolutely love him!  Perfect for showing my students that cells have different structures depending on their function in the human body!
Five stars- Are You Ready For Freddy?  This Freddy plush feels great and is very comfortable to sleep with or on. Also you can put him on your shelf and admire him. Another thing you could do is pet him and collect all his companions for the full Five Nights At Freddy's Experience! Product is official and made by sanshee. It was worth my money for this Freddy Plushie even though he sits there and just stares at me from my bed. Freddy's eyes cannot move even though it might feel like he's watching you he's not
Love Doc  I love the Doc and her friends!! A good role model. Enjoyed by old and young family members. Cool toys!!
Adorable  After vacationing in the mountains, this adorabable deer plush head mount was perfect for the little one! Can't really "play"with it, but it reinforced little ones new word....DEER.  Loved it!
Item arrived on time, was undamaged, and meets all descriptions offered.
The plushie is adorable! I love him and his grumpy little face. :)  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/9-34-Black-Butler-Ciel-Phantomhive-Plush-Doll-by-GIFT-Brand-New/dp/B005IQMB7G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">9" Black Butler Ciel Phantomhive Plush Doll by GIFT ~Brand New~</a>
Granddaughter loves her Elephant....what more is there?
Our son loved it. Just as described
Fun gift  I bought this for my roommate after she got her gallbladder removed and she loves it! and it came so fast that she was only without a gallbladder for less than a day before this stuffed gallbladder replaced it.
Pig is Awesome  Bought as a gift for a nice lady at work that introduced me to this cartoon a couple of years ago.  She would always clip the comic from her paper and bring it to me.  Pig is my favorite!  I saw this and had to get it for her.  When I gave it to her It made her day.  I didn't realize it but she was having a rough day and that was just what she needed.  She was so happy.  It is simply adorable. I want one for me now.
Yoshi!  It's a purple plush yoshi.  It is 6 inches tall.  It is soft and cuddly.  I'm not sure how to review this because the product is exactly as described and perfect in every way. *flies away*
my 18 month grandbaby loves it
Great product. Very happy with my purchase   My grandson loves it. Great product. Very happy with my purchase 
Ada is so sweet & my daughter loves her.
I just love it! It's just perfect I bought it in 3 different colors
My son is so happy with his new yellow mushroom.
Good product  It is manufactured great
too cute!  This doll is so adorable, I Love it and think my granddaughter will also.
rainbow dash and tag condision is very good! and hight quality I love it!
Cortez Approved!  My grandson enjoys this which is all that matters. Everything is just the right size for his 2 year old hands. Thanks!
Whale buckle toy  I have been really happy with the buckle whale. I got it for my twin toddlers to use during church and other quiet times. I love that it's a self contained activity with pieces that can't get lost. The buckles are all a little different, the whale is super soft and cuddly and the zipper is a fun added little extra. There is also a little pocket inside for smaller treasures. My twins are 21 months and still need a little help to manipulate the clips but I thought that would be the case. They are both very interested and will hang with it for a long while. I may need to get another!
I got this back in October.  I had this delivered to me back in 2012 , I still have them in good condition , they last long and are worth it.
Happy grandson  It was a gift
Granddaughter loves this toy!
Fantastic!  The plush doll is very adorable and cute! There are some spots that bothers me but overall it has great quality. I would recommend this for other Sword Art Online/Kirito Fans!
Love it.  Cute!
very nice
Buy this so you can send a friend Leprosy for a gift:)  My son loves to get these in the mail.
My little sister loved it!  Exactly as advertised! My little sister loved it!
Adrable stuff llama  I chose it because I have bought the books for my little granddaughter and I thought that she needed to have.it.  She loves it .She carries it everywhere and even sleeps with it. I recommend it, but you should buy the books , too.
perfect  Everything arrived perfectly and my child will love it thank you
Excellent, adorable and very soft!  This is an adorable stuffed sloth -- excellent quality and very large.  Well made, soft.  Arms and legs are long.  Just perfect!
Received my Woobat yesterday!  So cute! Thank you!
Kirby Is A Hit!  The Sanei Kirby plush arrived exactly as it was promised: brand new, perfect condition. The material is super soft and huggable. I would order this product again.
So Cute!  They were everything I hoped and more!
Absolutely adorable! Love it
my grandson loves it  My grandson loves animals, insects, anything that moves.  Living in Florida, he loves to catch little lizards in his back yard and study them close up, before releasing them.  He also catches every insect he finds and researches it.  He also uses it for cathcing tadpoles in the local stream.
Great!  My niece loves this!!
Awesome!  I really like the this toy, although I feel funny calling it that. Its much bigger than I thought it would be. And by looking at the picture the head looks much small than it is. The body is very small, but the head; HUGE! Its so cool, and when you squeeze its head it makes eating sounds! Takes four double A's and if you have it on you bed I would suggest taking them out, or else its going to munch on your head all night...
Very soft and looked great on the Diaper bike
My cousin's love it
Good quality, very cute  This is a very good quality plush. It came exactly as described and in good condition, and it looks exactly like the pokemon. It's also pretty soft and cuddly, and seems quite sturdy.  EDIT: I found a small damaged area on the nose. It looks like the fur was melted from the back in a tiny spot. Still a good plush, but the little stain is a bit frustrating now that I know it's there. However, based on the great quality of other plushies I've gotten from this series, this was probably a one-time thing and I don't think it should happen on anyone else's.
My son loves it but somehow the package was open.
her favorite.  My granddaughter loves it, her favorite.
Just adorable!
Perfect for your toddlers imagination or creative play!  This 13" piggy has made my son super happy! As soon as I received this in the mail, he immediately wanted to latch onto it....and that he did!  He has slept with it every night and looks for it if it's not on his pillow when he goes to sleep.  The piggy is super cute, not to mention so soft and cuddly! It is made of 100% polyester and is a soft plush. My son has named his "ice cream", I assume because of the color of the piglet. It is so cute hearing him speak about his new friend, Ice Cream!  I highly recommend this piglet for your childrens creative play, imagination or to cuddle! I received this item free or highly discounted in exchange for my honest review.
i Like it
The little ones love this wonderful toy, and play with it every day.
shes so special with her despicable doll  My daughter love her present it was for christmas and she like it because she love the movie...!!!!!its so speciall
Smiles from my grandchildren.  Smiles from my grandchildren.
... glasses were a bit off placed but overall it's nice product.  The glasses were a bit off placed but overall it's nice product .
The best ever!  So very cute! I put all of them on a new backpack I bought for my son and he absolutely loved them. Each clip on is just like it is in the picture. My son takes it to school and all of the other kids love it so much. when he came home from school he was the happiest I had ever seen him.
My 4 year old nephew loved him
My daughter loved this.
Loved it.  My dog He-Man loved it.  I would re-purchase this gift for my pet.
Daniel and Tigey Homerun  This little guy is just the right size. Althought our 6 month old cant do much but smile and chew on him. She loves her Daniel and Tigey. The length of the music can be adjusted and the little light in Tigey is just bright enough for a infant to toddler! You can not go wrong with this. Made Dad look like a champ for a 6 month half way there gift!!
Exciting Gift  Excellent item that my Grandson loves!
Very cool plush toy!  My son loves this plush toy! The coolest thing about it is the jointed sections which allow it to hold different shapes...wasn't expecting that feature! It measures 30 inches long and is very soft. Took a very long time to arrive to Connecticut, exactly 5 weeks from the day I ordered it.
Fun toy  Of all the Christmas presents, my girls loved this one best!
So cute  Just awesome.  Soft and accurate looking!
This bunny is definitely a favorite!  This is the 2nd time I've bought this bunny.  The first one got mauled by the dog and my grandson (7 yrs old) asked for a replacement this past Christmas.  Very soft and cuddly.  Amongst the dozens of stuffed animals, this is one of the favorites.
Nat and Jules Plush Toy, Chocolate Labrador  just what I wanted. Shipped promptly
Grandson loves it  Grandson Loves it .
Bwaaaah BAH BAH BWAAAAAAAHHHH!!!  Bwaaah bah, bwaaaaaa bah bah bah bah* *translation: Quality stuffed Rabbid.  Does not actually talk or move on its own, thank goodness.
An adorable soft cuddly musical toy to help baby sleep. My granddaughter loves it.
Bright, Fun and Personalized  Cora the Smart Cub has been a hit with my two daughters (5 years and 13.5 months) since we received it!  The bright pink, soft plush toy is eye catching and perfect for cuddling.  My oldest daughter loves pressing the various touch points and my youngest loves making the heart light up.  The best part about this toy is the personalization.  The smart cub comes with a USB cable that attaches easily (I had no problems with the connection) and the parent simply heads over to VTech's Learning Lounge to download the program and begin the process of customizing.  I did this one evening while my girls were in bed.  The next morning when they began playing and heard familiar names, my 5 year old could not believe it.  She seriously thought it was the coolest thing!  I was able to include favorite food items, toys, play songs, greetings and holiday/birthday reminders.  As for me, I love the soothing lullabies and think it is genius for the cub to play them in intervals of 5-30 minutes!  It's the perfect background for winding down or story time.  I was sent a complimentary Cora the Smart Cub to review, all opinions expressed are my own.
Loved it  Great brand, great product, great quality, there is not much else to say. Symple, easy busy like that ok, ok.
Darling Rudolph  This little guy is so cute! Our little 1 year old grandaughter just loves him and has already figured out how to play his song. His colors are so vibrant.  Delivery was very promp also.
Love this stuffed snowman.  This met all the expectations.  Soft and very huggable. A very nice gift to give for "The Snowman" fan. My grandson feel in love with it and is now apart of his nighttime routine.
Works great, grAnddaughter loves it
As promised
Just darling and the bunny looks exactly like the book.
My niece loved it!  This stuffed animal was huge! It also appeared to be the real deal. My niece loved it!!
Lovable!  Exactly as pictured. He's a big lil guy!
Love!  So soft and great quality
Who doesn't love Goomba?  It's a stuffed "animal".  The quality was great.  My little cousin loves Mario and was excited to have Goomba.  Aside from the obvious, that this looks exactly like a goomba from the game,  this inexpensive stuffed toy is tough.  We took it all over Milwaukee.  He flew off balconies, was tossed around, was tied up and of course stepped on...everyone knows that's how you kill a goomba.  And in the end this thing is still holding up.  Very well constructed, perfect for any Super Mario fan.
My grandson love this toy.
I like that.  As always , hello kitty is cute...the stuffing to this doll was on point..I like that..I bought this doll to use as a sewing pin cushion...
Very soft fabric and the buckles are easy to use  My son loves it so far! Very soft fabric and the buckles are easy to use.
My 15 month old loves the toy  It's a great toy for the little one's eye-hand coordination.
Bestest buckle toy when you have a kid who loves buckles!  Best toy for a toddler obsessed with buckles and esp great as part of several toys when flying!
Grandson loved this doll
Good
Well worth the price  Great product, great quality, great price. My son loves Gudetama.
Perfect for a little mermaid  Love these mermaid dolls.  Granddaughters are collecting them and want them all especially my little 3 year old.  She is obsessed with mermaids rights now and these dolls make her so happy.
Cute little thing.
I bought these for my son. I can't wait for him to see them!
My daughter loves these dolls  Great doll! Good quality and detail.
My grandson loved it.
no surprises  just as advertised
so she was happy.  It was similar to the you my daughter had that had gotten chewed up by our puppy, so she was happy.
Loved it!  It came as ordered and my son loved it. Perfect size and it was in great shape when we got it. He would buy it again if needed.
Very happy.  Looks like the picture. I can't wait for my kids to get it along with Naruto,Sasuke, Sakura, and Gara! :)
Very cute and soft.  Very cute stuffed animal. Better in person. Nice product.
So cute. Worth the Buy
My son love it! Great quality and price.  He has got quite the collection now.
Awesome she absolutely love them they were perfect for a 3 or 2 year old
It's Elmo!  I bought from the warehouse, but received with lots of issues such as tears and paint stains. Amazon corrected this and my daughter's truly in love with her Elmo. He's the perfect size and he's nice and soft.
My daughter loved it--it was a birthday present for her.
Amazon Purchases  I am a first time customer with Amazon shop online and I have never'd had any problems with my purchases, they are really efficient with everything they do!!!!! Amazon is the way to go!!
Very adorable, my little sister loves it and sleeps with Boo..
Great little Elmo plush  My granddaughter loves this soft and cuddly elmo plush.  It's just the right size for her to carry around and sleep with.  Delivery was super fast and elmo was safely packaged.
Fun and sturdy  Meta Knight rules. I hear he will also be an amiibo. Our Meta Knight plushy is a fun and sturdy toy.
great baby and dog you  My son loves his elmo. Had to buy a second fire to grandma stopping it in some oil but definitely worth it. The first one got hand washed and given to the pups and they love it too.
Daughter loves it. I find it annoying
soft and cool eyes.
Thank you so much.  This was for my 8 year old great nephew.  He was absolutely ecstatic about it.  Thank you so much as I could not find one in the city of Houston.  I ordered late but it still arrived in time for me to mail it to my nephew.
They each loved it. My daughter sleeps with her every night  Bought one for my daughter and one for her friend for their birthday's.  They each loved it.  My daughter sleeps with her every night.
I gave this to our grandson for his 2nd birthday since the theme was Cat in the Hat.  It is so cute with his very floppy legs and arms.  Our grandson loves this and takes him to bed every night!
Really cute  Super cute Zombie! Love it! We are big fans of Plants Vs Zombies in our home. This stuffed toy is so adorable and hangs up or sits down. He has cute clothes and a awesome ear ring. He is all cotton inside of him. His eye patch is cool. His Brown shoes match his shirt and his pants are blue with holes. He is Green. He has a doo ray on his head that is stunning. I took lot's of photos so you can see my Zombie. This is a five star product and is made in China. It shipped fast even though it came from a long ways away. I recommend this product to everyone who is a big fan of Zombies. I love it! I got this for my husband so it is not just for kids. Disclosure: I received a discount on this product or for free in a special promotion. My review, my opinion and experience is honest and 100% genuine and are unbiased in exchange for this product.
Nice plush  My son is a HUGE super mario fan. He requested a Larry toy. I did not think they made them until I researched. I am glad that they do make them. Larry is nice and soft. He makes a great addition to a mario plush set.
Great plushee!
THIS is the Bulbasaur plush I've always wanted!  Perfect size. Very sturdy, soft, and absolutely adorable to boot! It was worth the price and I'd highly recommend any Bulbasaur fan to add this to their collection!
... was a gift for my daughter who happens to love all foxes but especially the Fennec  this was a gift for my daughter who happens to love all foxes but especially the Fennec.  Very well made and adorable.
LOVE this toy!  My 2 year old LOVES playing with this toy! She was constantly trying to do the buckles on her high chair, and I was worried she would pinch her fingers. These  buckles are perfect for her little hands, and I don't worry at all about them clasping too tightly. Thanks for a great toy!
Adorable  This croc and his socks were a great addition to gifts that I was giving to a new mom. I liked that instead of just a stuffed animal, he comes with 4 pairs of socks. The recipient was very happy with this gift.
Its a good sized toy for a toddler  Bought this for my toddler that loves Iron Man. He literally carried it everywhere for the longest time. Even slept with it in his crib. Its a good sized toy for a toddler.
Worth every penny!  I've had my sulley stuffie for YEARS and he's still in tact. This has been with my daughter since she was born and she's about to turn five. So you're talking about a kid running around with it ALL the time and taking him everywhere. When they say "premium plush" they mean it!
Great Toy for Curious Minds  A great toy! I have a 23 month old and was seeking a toy that would keep him occupied on our flight to Italy this summer. I briefly showed him this toy and he was hooked- so I quickly pulled it aside so it will be new to him on the flight.
Good quality  My 5 year old daughter loved it! I paid more to purchase this doll because it looked much better than the ones sold in stores.
Daughter loves it!
I highly recommend!  my 2 year old carries this Kion everywhere we go! I highly recommend!
Quality material, very plush  Great stuffed animal. Good quality materials. My son love sleeping with it
Pal for Rudolph!  I bought this to accompany Rudolph as a gift for a grandchild. Clarice is soft, cuddly and so cute! Well made.
It is a great plushe version of Espeon that is very soft and it actually arrived very quickly. This purchase was definitely a great one.
super soft and cuddly! perfect size!
I love him. Worth  Rocket is so cute! He sits at my desk all the time, I love him. Worth it
awesome slippers!  These slippers are quite bigger than I expected, but they fit perfectly. They're extremely comfortable and soft. Being this size they're perfect for winter days when you need to warm up your feet. All in all, they're wonderful stompers and I'm very glad to have them. Highly recommended for any godzilla fan.
The 1st one has become the favorite bedtime companion for the baby girl who received it  This is the 2nd one I have purchased.  It is just the right size for tiny tots.  The 1st one has become the favorite bedtime companion for the baby girl who received it.  The softness allows the tiny toddler hands to get a good grip and hold on.  The facial expression of JAX seems to have a soothing effect on its human baby friend.  This 2nd one is to be a gift for my yet-to-arrive, new niece.  They should become inseparable friends.  Highly recommend.
Very happy with the product!!
LOVE this Rex  LOVE this Rex! So cute and soft, with a fun texture! Little lovers of Toy Story will surely smile.
My grandson loves this gator!
Like them!  Nice little quilts/throws. Well made and pretty.
Very plush!! I was very impressed with the quality of this toy.
I love puggles  I love this perfect puppy sized plush puggle. Very soft and cute, perfect for anyone that loves dogs and stuffed animals!
Perfect Size Elmo For Toddlers  Great lightweight toy for a toddler to sleep with or carry around
kids love it
Super cute and very quick delivery
and it is a wonderful combination with the book  So cute and soft, and it is a wonderful combination with the book.
As described and the kids love it!
Chewy  Very fluffy, I love it. I think it's a very good size and my nephew will love it. He is a big fan of Starwars!
Everyone loves Sadie.  No one loves her more than their 1 1/2 year old Weimareiner dog.  She takes and hides it every chance she gets.  She been washed 5 x already.  I'm sure it's not the last Sadie I'll be buying!
every dinosaur lover will love this fit in the hand dinosaur
I bought for my super awesome friend. He absolutely loves it
The size is just right.
AWESOME!  3 yr old grandson likes it.  Loves the movie so had to get him something from the movie.  He does a lot of voice things.  Very soft plush material.  Very cute!
Fantastic. My daughter loves it.
Best plush to date!  Well made and at a great price, I could not ask for more. I was very happy to see it came on time and in such great condition! :)
great gift idea for kids, or even your boyfriend or girlfriend. very cute.
I've never seen anything like it in the toy stores  SO cute!  I saw a kid on an airplane carrying one...I've never seen anything like it in the toy stores! :)
My son loves it. Thank you.
They are fantastic  My son loves them!
Good quality, very pretty
Elmo's a favourite!  My little boy loves it!
Very useful with a baby...really!  Bought two of these several months ago for our nursery.  They are great!  Just as long as claimed, sturdy, soft, and well-stuffed.  The head is well-made with a definite "expression" and shaped with seams and eye ridges.  We love them. One goes over the nursery window and reaches across a double window with snake hanging down on each end. The other goes with baby...  On the bed, it goes under the covers and keeps her from rolling off. On the floor, it wraps around 3 sides of her floor mat and keeps her from rolling away.  Wrapped about her, it makes a great sitting support. Washing it was a breeze. A few quick wipes with a soapy washcloth, a few "rinse" wipes with a wet one, and done. We bought it for looks and decoration. It's turned out to be more than sturdy enough and soft enough for a heavy-use toy AND is very very useful with the baby. I only wish we'd been able to find a third at the store!  I've gone on to buy a few other Fiesta toys; all of them seem to use the same strong seams and sturdy, soft materials.
Great  My daughter loved it! Everything was smooth through the whole process.
He loved it.  Bought this did my nephew. He loved it.
Got for husband for xmas!
Perfect!  Shipped promptly and is exactly as pictured! SO soft and my daughter loves it!! Good quality for a good price. Have had him for two months and still looks like new! Highly recommend!
... for my grandoughter and she loves it if you like jack skellington then you should buy it  Bought this for my grandoughter and she loves it if you like jack skellington then you should buy it
Great!  It was actually a little bigger than I expected. My son loves it, hoping to get him the rest of the Puss in Boots plush collection
My 3yr old and 19month old love this!  Will keep them busy for hours!
so cute  we have all the books so our daughter just loves this, its soft and cuddly looks just like that little llama llama
Soft, detailed and way nicer than expected.  This little guy is just great. Like other reviewers have pointed out he is a little floppy, but it's because he is so darn big. Plus he looks great slumped on the bookshelf. And he's soft! So soft. There's also a ton of detail/character in this plush. I've never described a stuffed animal as "detailed", but he truly is. From his big floppy hat to his expression and whiskers, to his distinctly Seuss-style fingers and toes and his long curly-ended tail. The character is wonderfully captured  in a quality and detail that cannot be done justice by the stock photo. Seuss fans young and old will absolutely love this lil' guy. I've ordered Horton and Grinch as well.
... am 29 years old and bob brings so much joy to my life  I am 29 years old and bob brings so much joy to my life. He is made well and I feel we will have an everlasting friendship.
Just right for a large one year old  After looking for a toddler safe Elmo doll for our Elmo enthusiastic grandson's first birthday, we settled on this Gund product.  Since he had started walking at 10 months, we were able to measure, ensuring the 20" doll would not be a tripping hazard for him.  It was just what he wanted and did not include hard eyes or anything that could be pried off.  The slightly weighted butt of the doll is also helpful in being able to sit it next to the child as opposed to some stiffer stuffed figures that can only recline or stand upright.  Of course it can not stand with its soft legs, but it is so often carried around that standing is not needed.  So far, the surface has remained clean, so I can not report on cleaning the "fur".
Cute  My niece loves Yoshi. She was happy with the way it looked and felt. She plays with it everyday and it arrived on time.
Very soft  This is much higher quality than I expected for the price. It is soft an well make.
Small body with a Large Head  Made for a great gift. Perfect size.
Cute soft snuggly doll  My two year old loves this little Dora.  She is well made and soft.  My daughter likes to sleep with her.  She is also a great price.
The plush was well made, all stitching was firm, and overall, was an enjoyable piece.
love this toy  This is the cutest toy ,looks just like the real thing makes a great gift for a child or dog .good and strong
My granddaughter loved it!!
My grandson was happy
Great detail  I'am in love with this brand all their toys are super detail and very well made
cries for it  baby boy won't go to sleep without it baby's father had one when he was a baby he also really enjoyed his glo worm
Dry Bones is awesome.  Dry Bones is awesome.
Durable Ratchet set  Don't be fooled by how its look. It is a heavy durable ratchet set which can reach almost any angle. The plastic is strong and can with stand almost all impact. the only con is the price and package.
Everyone should have a Minion  They are exactly what you expect: adorable minions. They arrived on time and were a perfect gift.  Worth the $25 I spent to get them.
So funny, my 1 year old son loves this! My mini dachshund has his eye on him though! ;-)
Great gift.  My twenty month old granddaughter loves her Elmo.  He is one of her favorite stuffed animals.  I would recommend this one over the 15" Elmo.
The little critter really looks like Mario  Very well made. The amount of detail is really great, the little critter really looks like Mario.
Easter Tradition  My Daughter is in her 40's but I still give her a bunny every Easter, tradition.  Cute bunny.
It's so freaking adorable i love it
arrived in time and he loved it.  I bought it as a birthday present for my nephew,  arrived in time and he loved it.
My daughter's favorite!
Execelente
I wouldn't say it was large still it's a good size.  My daughter Love's It. It is very well made, aldo, I wouldn't say it was large still it's a good size.
Was a big hit with the birthday recipient.
Adorable!  I got this for a male friend as a joke because of the Deadpool movie.  We both had a great laugh about it!
Great gift! She  Great gift!  She. Loved it so much. She wouldn't let go of it to take the tags off
Excellent product
My daughter liked it too much  My daughter liked it too much. She is having very  good time with her new furby. It became a member of our family.
quality is amazing and the price it's totally worth it  It's even more soft and cute than I thought it'd be, quality is amazing and the price it's totally worth it; I'm really happy with him! It's the perfect companion for a Mega Man fan.
The 80s strike back and win!  Adorable! I am an 80s child so was excited to get these for my kids! I am definitely glad I did. With the new advances in technology it makes these toys even better! My girls will play for hours with these and the interactive ipad app! Furby is a great interactive friend.
Cute and funny  I gave this to my boyfriend as a bit of a joke. He thought is was hilarious. They're small so it can sit on a self and not take up to much room which is really nice.
Loves  Camilla loves her gloworm! Hers was old, teething, she chewed its ears so we bought her another but she wants both!! She holds them while sleeping
very pleased.  excellant product. everything they said it would be.very pleased.
great deal!
cute  Just like in the movie.  This stuffed animal is the perfect size for children to cuddle up with in the bed.
Fun product.  thank you . Fun product.
My 3 year old daughter loves it. It's as big as she is.
Great for fine motor skills  My grandson loves it!  Great for fine motor skills.  Great for airplane play.
Dvd included  Came with exercise dvd
a great gift idea  I got this for my son in law who manages a plasma center.  It is perfect!!
well made
good  I thought that The price was a little much, but my son loves Umizoomi, and loved the Geo toy. Good buy.
Met my standards  Loved it , it was a gift for my mother! Nice teddy bear for bed set for my room |
GOOD
Thanks  Ha my son was scared of it. But I got it to add to the rest. Thanks again. " "
A little on the small side,
great expressions, I'm going to get them all  Well made, great expressions, I'm going to get them all!
Perfect for our Elmo Loving Toddler  Great product for the price. I love that the eyes are soft so our little one is able to sleep with him. Elmo for the win!
Best gift ever  My friends son loves it. Best gift ever.
Great Toy for Toddlers!!  My Daughter Received this Item free thanks to Playskool, My Daughter is 4 1/2 and she love Elmo and the whole sesame street gang!!  for a preschooler this is an amazing tool, not only do they involve themselves in imaginative play but also they are learning while they are playing.  My Daughter pretends that she is a princess, so with her Let's Imagine Elmo she had her Prince to play along with her.  She also loved to count with Elmo!!  I would highly recommend this toy for your toddler, it gives them hours of play!!
Adorable!
Very satisfied with the overall transation.
Everything as we expected
Very cute!
Loved it
Perfect.  The little ones love it.  Classic toys are always great, and this is perfect for small hands to play with.
great item  Got this for my 18 month old for Christmas as she loves Elmo. Its a great toy. Never had any issues. And she loves her elmo carrying him all over the house.
Nice!  While I must admit I didn't read the description thoughly enough to know these are super small...order can packaged well and seem to be of good construction.  Will work as good give away for my daughters old country fair party for prizes/favors!
They're great!!!
It came about 1 week before it said it would come. It is a good quality item and I would recommend this product to others.
a little scary to look at but kids have fun with it
Beautifully made with high grade materials.  Such a beautiful plushie.  I fell in love with this the moment I saw the picture, and I was right to do so.  Now it sits on my bed next to my large dolphin plushie and they look just perfect together.
May need to buy more than one  It is a fantastic toy. I got it for my cousin as a christmas present. It was so good my uncle had to buy one on December 26th for his sister. They live in the UK so it cost them 60, about $80!
So adorable!  This was a shower gift and the mom to be loved it for her "under the sea" nursery 1
My daughter loves this  My daughter loves this.  She dressed it up today as a peacock to match her Halloween costume.  She gives it ponytails.  She sleeps with it.  It is her companion.
great price.  really cute! great price.
Great toy, super customer service  My 15 month old son loves to play with the buckles on the whale!  We had to contact customer service and they were super responsive. I'm very happy with the product and would definitely do business with them again.
Got this for my maternity shoot, and it was perfect. It's made of a material that kept it clean- we used jello and fake blood for the shoot, and I washed it on gentle cycle once, and it did not stain.  It has wire in the tail so it can be wound around something to pose it too.
Huge Hit!  Soft yet firm so makes a good action hero! A six year old runs around the house, aka Gotham, and helps save the Spot dog from harm!
Love the Batman. So well made
awesome
Too cute and cuddly  Cutest bunny ever--and well made. I bought it for a baby and then ended up keeping it I loved it so much. I will have to buy the baby another!
very cute one of my personal favorites
Great Toy for Toddlers  My 19 month old Grandson is not quite able to unbuckle the buckles yet but he will soon and I can tell he is going to spend a lot of time playing with this one.
Perfect for his new car  Purchased it for a friend that purchased a red Chevy Sonic! Perfect for his new car!
Squeezable and cute  Daughter loves!!  So, so adorable and a great size for squeezing!  (Jessica C.)
Pretty cute.
true to picture color. very soft and cuddly
Love Bubble Guppies  My 1 year old great granddaughter dearly loves Bubble Guppies!  These are not too big so she can carry it around.
Great stuffed catfish replica  Adorable & well-constructed. Very pleased with this purchase!
My daughter LOVES this definitely what I was looking for and not a fake.
love it
So cool looking  So cute and detailed! He sits up on his own, and looks both threatening and adorable ;p This would make a fantastic gift for any fan, male or female, of The Black Panther, or even just a Marvel fan.
Great size and weight for travel - well made, great looking.  I bought these for my grandson whose LOVES Elmo and Sesame Street. They are small enough to travel well - we took them on our vacation to Iceland - do not take up much space or weigh much. They are well made, look great and he loves them. He often holds them when getting changed, distracting him from the task. The eyes are hard plastic but well-attached to the fur so there is little risk of choking when he chews on them. I am much better at mimicking the Cookie Monster voice so he 'talks more'.
Hammer throw  My son collects Mario toys and stuffed animals so when I found this I knew he would love it. And he does! It came quickly after I order it and was in perfect condition.
<3  i've always wanted a tuxedo mask doll so when i bought him, i just had to buy sailor moon, hahaha. this plush toy is perfect! i love it! :)
Nice plushes!  VERY nice plushes! Recommend!
Cool gift  Bought as a gift for my nephew who thought it was cool!  Yay me :)
how cool is a zombie virus - great add to the collection
Cutest!!!  This is the cutest plush ever! My son takes it every wheres with him he just loves it! It looks so real sometimes! :D
Plush and Cute!  My sister loves hedgehogs, so this gift made perfect sense. Soft and super snuggly.
Good for my trooper collection great item sender fast..
loved it
I definitely recommend this item for a Sonic fan or wants Rouge in general.
cute and fun  These little stuffed bears are so cute some of them a little lopsided but that just to make makes them cuter. My grandkids had so much fun with these little things they carried them around for days until they got lost. What a great bye.
My son loves it!
Perfect
Gave this as a gift my grandson is in seventh heaven this is his favorite character minion Dave  Gave this as a gift my grandson is in seventh heaven this is his favorite character minion Dave.
... rainbow stuff animal was a gift and my daughter loved it.  This rainbow stuff animal was a gift and my daughter loved it.
A Terrific addition to my workshop....!  I finally saved enough cash up to buy a Unisaw. I also chose the one with the 30" table and fence to save space in my workshop.  I paid a little  extra for shipping and chose the FEDEX method.  It arrived in a few day's  with one problem....3 out the 6 packages arrived damaged, one so bad that  the contents were "crushed".  It happened to be the extension  part of the mobile base.  I quickly called the Tool Crib...and they sent  me another out "FEDEX..overnight" and it arrived the next day.  I  was very happy with the service I recieved and would not hesitate to  purchase more tools from them in the future.  The saw took me an entire day  to set up....and it was worth it.  It's a powerhouse...and I'm sure it will  suit my needs for years to come.
Son loves this super cute!
Very good quality. Came faster than expected  Very good quality.  Came faster than expected.
A great likeness  My kids loved this character in Frozen and badly wanted a plush facsimile. Seems well made and has not melted, although it has not yet experienced suuummmerrr....
Great Grand Loves this little doll
Cute & Fun  I gave all my grandchildren an animal of some sore for Christmas. It was the hit of the stocking stuffers! They don't fly real far which is okay but the sounds they make are so hilarious that the kids kept trying to fly them. Their sound all seemed to work and they will be enjoyed for however long they hold up or get tired of them. I would recommend them to others. Fun for all ages, even adults....hehehe
Bought this for a 10 month old as she always wanted someone to sing ABC song. She loves it & her parents get a well deserved break. Win win for grandma! One of her favorites toys. Been unable to push the tummy with her fingers yet but she quickly figured out how to step on Elmo to him.
One of my great grandson favorite toys.
A great little flounder!  Love this fluffy flounder pillow.  These are hard to come by and make great, unique gifts for boater friends and little fisher people.  I just bought two.
Great little plush  Looks just like the picture and is really soft. Only downside is the feet look glued-on and not stitched.
This was the best toy I ever bought. My daughter plays with it all the time.
Kids loved it!
Hank rock's Disney nail it.
Waluigi is adorable for a plush toy.  I hope this item stays available and gets more popular. The size is alright, but he would be more attractive and worth it if he was approximately 11 to 12 inches. Please, look carefully for this adorable item in medium or larger size. Thanks for everything.
I love it
Cute Pokemon  Awesome and one of my favorite plushies. Very detailed character and a nice size as advertised. The colors are very nice and a Pokemon center official. Definitely buying more like this.
My daughter loved it.
amazon rocks!!  This doll is so cool my son will love it thank u
Awesome!  The 12 inch pokemon plush are the way to go for any collector or for a child's toy and this one is right there with them all. They are well made and very plush! A great buy!
Great Quality. Great X-mas Gift
His freakin' ear comes off!  It's kinda mean spirited to make fun of a tortured genius with a plush toy. I still lauged though. I lost the ear. Sorry Vince!
Cute!  He is so adorable! I actually must have read over the size because, i was surprised at how small he was but i still love him just as much as charmander was always my favorite. Sadly my dog seems to like him just as i do haha
Very cute
No loose threads or stitching like other reviewers claimed  I thought these were cute.  No loose threads or stitching like other reviewers claimed.  Maybe I just got lucky, or maybe the company improved the product.
Cute but a little tiny.
Cutest little penguin ever.  I gave this penguin a 5 out of 5. Super soft, cute, adorable and just the right size. I got this for a girl i really liked as a Valentines day gift. We both love penguins so it was perfect. HIs nickname is the same as mine and its absolutely adorable in person. Comes in a nice bag to keep it from getting dirty during delivery and it was pretty timely. It took over a week but i ordered it way before Valentines day with regular shipping. I got it for the girl i like and well she is my girlfriend and i am happy to say we're in love and we are together :D so this penguin is quite cute and is always there for her when she misses me.  Cons -shipping might be a tad slow but definitely doable  Pros -soft -perfect size -well packaged -price is outstanding for how cute this thing is (i looked at several several penguins) -just great in every aspect  I love it and so does my girlfriend :)
favorite toy  This toy is a favorite for my daughter; she plays with it daily.
My daughter absolutely loves this doll. She will not go to sleep unless she has this doll with her. The only thing I don't like is that it says you're not supposed to wash it in the washing machine.
I love this plushie  I love this plushie. My sister got it for me in the past and i loved it. Im not sure if this is the same seller since i was the one who told her about it. But i believe this is the same seller. It was an awesome plush and i still love it. And to be honest, i believe this is probably the best look alike to Migi than every other plush since in the anime he is actually posing this way and is cheaper than every other plush. (The one my sister got was $15). I think your best option if with this plush type if you want: 1. Best look alike 2. Best price ;)
Great gift!  It was a gift and the person loves it. The company Blizzard Entertainment is a great company to buy from. I would recommend this to anyone.
Cute and well made.  Perfect little plushie for my daughter. Not too big, very cute. Well made.
Great Santa Jorge!  My daughter loved Santa Jorge!  It was exactly like the picture.  Santa Jorge was a nice addition to my daughter's minion collection.
A must buy  Love this Elmo, was leary to buy this brand;  I won't hesitate again so soft, great addition to our collection. My toddler won't put him down.
Give the Gift of Ky-yah!  I got this for my nephew for his 4th birthday. The first video game he ever learned to play when he was 3 was Kirby's Epic Yarn. I thought it would be a good one for him, since in that game, you cannot "die" like in other games and there is very little reading required to play it (which he couldn't read until his mom started homeschooling him when he was 4). He became obsessed with Kirby and Ninja Turtles for a while, so I got him this stuffed toy.  He has spent over a year playing with this thing, and he still takes it in the car with him everywhere he goes. However, if he hadn't played the video game first, and fallen in love with Kirby, he probably wouldn't have enjoyed it at all.
perfect size for little hands to play with  very cute & colorful, perfect size for little hands to play with. My grandson loves this mermaid.
Beautiful toys, great quality!  Beautiful plush toys, great quality and size. My Daughter loves them! 
great-grandson loves Ghostbusters!!!
Awesome!  Exactly as expected. Good quality, and it looks adorable. My toddler loves it! A great toy for any Frozen fan!
amazing  I have had this plush for quite a few years now and it has held up well through out the years. I would recommend to anyone.
Lifesaver at bedtime  The only thing my three-year-old is more afraid of than the dark are the shadows in her room. So, since she insists on sleeping in the pitch black, Gloworm to the rescue. I loved mine when I was little, and now she sleeps with one of her own every single night. It's been a lifesaver for keeping her in her bed, in her room, lighting the way to the bathroom if needed, and just giving her a general sense of comfort in the darkness. I'm so glad this kind of toy is still being made. I went ahead and bought one for my 10-month-old also, but I doubt she'll really need or want it until she's a little bit older!
Great  Came in a week great item just what daughter wanted no problems at all
A sunny ornament to brighten up the office!  Super cute and  makes a welcome addition to my office! It stands up on its own quite nicely after you position its stem. I definitely have Zombies On Your Lawn stuck in my head. :) "Sunflower!"
Very Good.......Excellent
Legit Product, Not a Knockoff  Well made, as good as all the other FF chocobo plushes I've bought.  No loose threads, official tagging.  This one is the real deal.
Our 3 year old grandchildren love these. They are about the same size as the babies. So fun.
Best Hook  This is the best Captain Hook Doll. My daughter lives for Captain Hook and I just happened to find this doll 2 years ago. He traveled everywhere with her and one day he was dropped and we went back 2 minutes later and he was taken! We had to look all over for a replacement and I only found 1. Now this Hook has been around for 18 months and after many washes and travels he is now showing how much he is loved. I think I'm going to purchase another because he truly is a great doll and will be well loved by all.
So cute and cuddly!
Awesome!!  Order arrived in 2 days!! I'm so pleased with the transaction! These toys are sold out everywhere. My nephew is 7 years old and is an Angry Bird Fanatic! I can't wait to see his face Christmas morning!!
nice
Just popped up on Amazon, didn't really need it but couldn't resist.  My roommate and I played with it for quite awhile before we wrapped it up for the kids.
Perfect plane activity  These buckle toys are amazing.  Our two year old twins played with it for an hour straight on an recent plane trip and asked for it a week later on the return flight.  GET THIS
Nice toy  My son loved it, it is a little bit small but beautiful
My baby girl adores Minnie Mouse and I must this is her new bestfriend. She doesnt even want me to touch it. She even hugs her and gives her big kisses. Would Absolutely recommend seller on delivery and this item for any minnie mouse lover
Looked exactly how it was pictured online
Made my daughter happy
Great product, every detail is present  Great product, every detail is present, the hat, the jacket, the cat feet, the gloves.... It was a very good surprise to my wife. May be if it had the cat tail striped it would be perfect.
Realistic look  Beautiful, realistic look. I had bought many plush toys and this one is among the best
love it !  Love this little  guy ! We hung ours from the ceiling fan  hes very detailed and adorable I was really excited when I got it in the mail so quickly we ordered the tonberry too and they arrived together . Hehe
Great price and loon sound1  The sound is just like a real loon.  Got it for my daughter after a camping trip up north.  She loves it!
Liket
Good Quality stuffed fox  Item exactly as pictured. Bought for 9 year old niece as a Christmas gift. She loves it and sleeps with it every night. The stars do not glow as they do in the movie, but we added a little glow-in the dark nail polish to solve that issue. Fox is very soft and appears as very good quality.
My boy was so happy.
Perfect gift  I Bought this for my girlfriend, and she absolutely adores it!
Love it, but it could've been made with more room.
They are a good size and very cute  These are the same plush that Universal Studios parks carry in their Jurassic Park water ride. My daughter loves dinosaurs and after an injury from a hard plastic dinosaur we opted for plush ones. She enjoys playing with these. They are a good size and very cute. High quality material, stitching. I would recommend these.
Cute  Love him he's so cute and fuzzy. The size is not huge or super small but more on the small size. Adorable, love him.
perfect!  Very hard to find muppet, perfect!
Very soft  Super cute and great quality for any animal lover to have
Adorable!  We got this for our grandchildren to snuggle while we read the Llama Llama books to them. They love their little Llama Llama!
... what he wanted for a birthday gift and he loved it!  Grandson is into Harry Potter and this was what he wanted for a birthday gift and he loved it!!!
great quality
So cute.  Hello Kitty as my favorite Kiss member? Awesome
FANTASTIC TOY  Our 20mo & 3yr LOVE this toy. It's sturdy, brightly colored & the perfect size!
Super cute!!
Great!!  Good quality and my daughter was thrilled.
Loved it!!
toy story peas in a pod  at a "peas in a pod" themed baby shower, these smiling peas were a hit!  the middle pea wore a tiny hat with the baby's name on it.  very cute!
Naruto Akamaru Plush Toy Review by Lela Essary (Akamaru was ordered by Georgia Essary)  I love Akamaru, he's my second favorite Naruto charecture! He's SO soft, plus I love how the fur on his head and chest sticks out and its all fuzzy! He's just so adorable!
exactly what I wanted
Extremely happy with this product!  Turned up on time. Can't say how happy I am. I was a little worried by the other reviews but honestly, I couldn't ask for more. The giraffe is stuffed to perfection. Not too hard, not under-stuffed. It stands up on its own, looks gorgeously realistic and yes, has bendy bits! Love it. :)
love it!  Shipped fast, the fabric is wonderfully soft, the quality is fantastic, official pokedoll tags. Very very happy with this purchase. :)
Minecraft fan  My granddaughter loved it. She loves Minecraft. I'm just old enough to wonder what the fascination is...but oh well..
i love it
A baby and his mom's 1st Peter Rabbit.  To have and to hold and to make real the Peter Rabbit stories and characters.  A very well done depiction of the "real" Peter
As expected.
Very nice to add to collection
kids loved it!  used as a raffle prize...kids loved it!
Super cute
60  So funny..a hit at  the party!
Not So Ugly Doll: Ox  I received this Ugly Doll as a present from my family and I LOVE it! I love every one of their products and I am NEVER disappointed in the quality or the uniqueness of it. I love the color and the size. I have bought Ugly Doll products for several of my friends. They all love it! Well worth the price! I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!  The material feels like fleece - very soft. The pieces for the eyes and teeth feel like a regular cotton fabric. Note: The tags say hand washing or something similar but they are VERY durable. Just throw them on the top of whatever your washing and then throw it in the dryer.  Conclusion: A great gift for all ages. The "stuffed animal" is soft and durable. A perfect gift for those who love quirkym unique items. I have never had a problem
Love it.  My 2 years old sing along. Love it.
Adorable!  Possibly the most adorable plush I've ever seen!  In case you can't tell from the photo, the top spout is shiny ribbon and the bottom is corduroy.  With the embroidered eyes and mouth, it's a great present for an infant.
Service was really good too.  This is exactly what we expected it to be. It even had the Funko tag attached. Service was really good too.
Realistic and small enough to tote around. Highly recommended.  Soft and realistic. This makes a wonderful gift for a guinea pig fan. I enjoy this product and will for many years.
Bulba-Bulbasaur!  Our daughter loves this lil'guy. Stitched very well and amazing quality for the price, looks authentic.
Very cute!  We love her!  My kids are angry bird fans, and the new star wars stuff is awesome!  I love how they incorporated the characters with the birds!  I would recommend to any star wars/angry bird fan!
Cute little gift for anyone that likes Naruto.
Cuddle Up With Vader  I purchased this for my little cousin for Christmas, so I can't really say what his reaction is...but my reaction: ADORABLE! So what if he's a deformed plush? Darth Vader is awsome! :) It came in excellent condition/ as it was described. I recommend this to any Star Wars fan who wants something fun either for themselves, family member, or a friend! :)
Good size plush  Ordered for my friend as a gag gift, since his name is Patrick and we always call him Patrick Star! Good size plush, small.
Always have Chewbacca sitting by my side!  Always have Chewbacca sitting by my side!
DOMO KUN!  I just got this Product at FYE on sale. this particular one was on sale for two dollars! WHAT A DEAL! turns out it was on sale because one leg is shorter then the other by like a cm. But you know what? I love that it's completely unique and that I got to take it home with me and add him to my collection of Domos~ He glows in the dark and my 14 month old daughter just loves him.
My son loved it i thought they were gonna be small but there just the right size ...
Perfect in every way~
Thank you its perfect
Adorable!  My daughter squealed with delight when she received this for Christmas. It is the softest stuffed animal I have ever seen. She sleeps with it every night. It's the perfect size for her to carry around or stuff in her backpack for a sleepover. She is 7.
Great Gift  My 20-month old granddaughter loves this! She is an Abby Cadabby fan and this magic wand is very special to her!
All Smiles!  We didn't even know they had a unicorn for Barbie.  Thank goodness, because this was what our daughter asked for from Santa.
We Love the Vampire Queen :)  Quality toy that my 5 year old loves to sleep with. We love Marceline.
my little girl takes her every place
Awww  Loved it, adorable and unique!
super cute! 10/10
THE GRINCH  It's small it says 19" I believe but I guess that includes the hat I thought it would be bigger but gave it 5 stars because the details are perfect
Must have for kids.  My 2 year old absolutely loves his Llama.  He will not put it down. The pj's stay on and so does his stuffed animal.  One of the best items I've ever bought for him.
Francessellecchia@yahoo.com sellecchia at Yahoo com
I bought this for my son who loves to play Plants vs Zombies game.  He loved how soft it was and the colors were true to the character.  I will be purchasing more plush toys from this seller in the future.
Nice and plush to. Love his color
Love this precious rabbit!  I bought this for my newborn grandson & was extremely pleased with it.  It's made very well, is very soft & cuddly, & the best part is that it's machine washable!  This bunny has personality & I would definitely recommend this for any child.
Christmas gigt he has not seen it yet.
Adorable!  Perfect for 6 year old son! The tooth fits right inside the little red pocket but not much room for money. We've made it work and he loves it! It is nice to not have to worry about waking him with trying to get under his actual pillow and we can use this instead. Very cute!
Amazing <3  This thing, is the bestest thing I own. It is literally the highest quality plush i've ever bought, scratch that, highest quality ANYTHING. I love this thing and its worth the price.
Great plush all around, even better if you love stitch 
Very good product. The most realistic  turtle plush ive seem by far. But I wish the fiber can be a bit more softer.
Great plush toy, worth every penny!  Great product! best one on Amazon, my girl loved it! Soft sweater and looks just like the movie.
Not necessarily the best for young children  It's super-cuddly! He's made of soft fabric with felt accents (Like his claws and the ridges on his head). Not necessarily the best for young children, but cute and enjoyable all the same! :)
Great scrapbooking/cardmaking paper.  Again, K&Company hit it out the park with this set.  Each page, front and back, are so beautiful and work well together.  Would hightly recomment.
This little Scar is perfect for my nephew who is playing the part in a community theater production.  It will work nicely as a momento for his collection.
Just what I expected.
Great!  Just as advertised, thanks a bunch!
Great
Love as far as I got to keep it it now riding shoot gun in a relatives car cross country!!
Wife loved it and it fit's well on her desk.
my 7 year old loves these.
My daughter lovers her  She is very cute. A nice size.  And looks well made
sunflower plush toy a plus!  I got this sunflower plush for my 4 year old son and he loves it.  And the song is great! Press this little guy and he sings 3 different little tunes. It was very soft and the perfect size for pretend play.
Amazing  I loved everything about it as you can see I decorated them they are perfect  soft and fluffy. You can see I decorated them for my son's baby shower it was all that I expected it to be.
Absolutely adorable!  This little hedgie is so plush and soft!  Absolutely adorable!
Purchased this for my parents who just lost their Springer Spaniel of 15 years. It's a very high quality plush toy that now serves as a remembrance to Maggie.
My niece's (3 months old) favorite toy!!!
Cute elephant  Super cute. Looks as advertised. It is small but a good size for an infant/toddler.
Super cute  So soft and super cute! The eyes are soft and so is the mouth.  My nephew loves it.
+++++ thank you
Awesome :)
We returned an expensive version that had a wire attached for sounds and my 4 year old loves this version! It's soft to sleep and cuddle with and is also the right size to play with his real woody doll.
what a treasure  Daughter loves it
Adorable  Hello?! It's a stuffed axolotyl! What more needs to be said?!? Super cute. Love it.
great  These things are cute.  Everything is fabric so no eyes to pop off or anything.  It's kind of flat so my daughter can use it as a pillow as well.  We really like this doll.
Please stock it again ~  This seems to be a hard item to find now. Are you going to still be carrying it ? I bought all you had and would love to purchase more.
My 9 monthe absolutely loves this toy definitely worth the buy!!!!
Lottie Dottie Is A Chicken... Bought this for my little guy...  My son LOVES Lottie Dottie Chicken. He watches it OVER and OVER again all day long. We thought this would be a great toy for him since he loves the show so much. It is a quality product... Very soft. Lottie Dottie is now one of the friends he has in bed with him. As a side note, Nromelia is the company that produces the cartoon.
My 3 year old son loves them!  My 3 year old son loves these dolls. They are the perfect size for him and he carries them everywhere.
High Quality Finger Puppets  As a teacher (and puppeteer), I found the quality of these puppets to be fantastic!  Other brands are hard to get your finger into but these are made with enough room for an adult and kid finger.  They stay on nicely as the kids present puppet plays to each other.  I purchased several of these and a tabletop finger puppet theatre for our preschool classrooms and the kids have really enjoyed playing with these.  Good product.  Good quality.  I highly recommend.
Great toy!  This is an exact replica of the Monster, inc. movie!  He is extremely soft and cuddly.  My daughter loves it!
Great purchase!  My 4 month old Grandson's favorite toy!!
This was exactly what was described and what I was looking for! My son lost his and all local stores were out. This was the exact one he lost and came so quick!
Love them!  I know the price is a little much but we got 3 of them for my sons second birthday, we just had to he loves them! There extremely nice quality and worth every penny if your child loves the sago mini games I would highly suggest buying these stuffed animals
Love Isabelle!  I love it. I wish it was bigger but it is a good size for a collectable. Materials used are high quality.
Lemmy plush  My son loves hime!
My daughter is 20 months old and has a fascination with buckles.  This toy is perfect for her and keeps her entertained while I am shopping or cooking, and I love the fact that it is interactive and tactile, rather than a "screen".  Another great aspect of this toy (especially when shopping) is when she is done with it, I use one of the buckles to secure it to the stroller.  The only thing that I wish was added would be a Velcro strap, then it would have everything...
Nice and sturdy
My son loves it, he laughs and smiles at the fox whenever it's in sight.
A HIT!  Baby loves this!
Great  Super soft and huggable, this was a gift for a 1 year old and she can't put it down. Thank You, Krista
Preschool Teacher Approved  My students have been reading Bad Kitty all year long, and loved having the stuffed animal to go with the book. They act out the story and have so much fun. The stuffed animal has held up to 16 preschoolers who play with her a lot. The toy looks just like Bad Kitty so it makes it even more fun!
Well made.
Perfect in everyway...  I was a little worried when reading the other reviews and it took a few days to make a decision on which Barney doll to buy, I am so glad I bought this one!!  The size is perfect for my 1 year old, it sings the whole I Love You part of the song (not just I Love You), and she has been using it for 5 days and the batteries are still good and strong.
I was surprised to find these still around.  Other than that, what you see is what you get.
Love it
Freddy's fazbear  Made a little girl happy.
Great product!  Great product!  It looks great on my office shelf.
KIDS LOVE SYLVEON
Wonderful plush!  I got this for a friend of mine for Valentine's day and she loves it! I did not personally see it, but I am very pleased with her response.
She loved it! Shes a Harley Quinn nut  Got this for my niece for her birthday! She loved it! Shes a Harley Quinn nut!
nice for black  butler fans  Not sure of educational value and all that- but nice little item for any black butler anime fan. Great price too!
Love it!
Great travel toy and helps with fine motor skills!  My daughter loves the buckle on the grocery store cart so I had a feeling that she'd love this toy and I was right. A huge hit and great for the car!
So well made I couldn't believe they stand up...
Price and Shipping  great price and didn't take as long as I expected shipping from China. My 6-year-old loves it.
Looks just like Boo.  This is to cute! Looks just like Boo.
Perfect for an aging person who loved and loves dachshunds  This was given to my mother in a nursing home with Alzheimer's for Mother's Day from her grandsons.  It is the perfect size for someone confined to a bed or a wheelchair...just lap size.  It is very soft.  The face is expressive and adorable.  My mother loved it...it was sweet and sad to see her petting and loving on this little stuffed dog.  This is the best gift she has had in a long time.
Great for a stocking stuffer!  Came fast in the mail in great condion!  Picture shows what you get! There's no holes or sewing mess ups. It cuter in person. Bought this for my girlfriend for a early Christmas gift, she loves it! Great for pokemon fans!
Bought as birthday gifts  I bought the stuffed Sully as well as the Monsters University DVD as gifts for multiple birthday boys. All the kids loved the gifts. sully is very well made and worth the money.
cute, large and sturdy  he says several different phases. very cute and sturdy. also a lot larger than I expected him to be.
Super cute. My sons loves it!
Grandson loves it
Absolutely perfect for babes and toddlers!  We purchased mini-bean Sheriff Woody for our grandson when he was just two months old. His grandpa is a Deputy Sheriff...AND his name is Woody - thus our search for the perfect Sheriff Woody toy. Our grandson must have his Sheriff Woody with him at all times. It is the perfect size for little hands. It is soft and flexible and there is nothing on it that is harmful. We have since ordered a second doll because Woody was lost for a day and there was major panic in the family. We highly recommend Sheriff Woody and the other Toy Story mini-beans for babies and toddlers...you won't be disappointed!
My daughter loved it
love  Spirited away is one of the best movies ever! My No face plushie came perfectly, and arrived earlier then expected.
Nice toy a little bigger than I thought.
XMAS FOR 2 LITTLE TWIN GIRLS CRAZY ABOUT YO GABBA GABBA  These toys were very well made,  just the right size, and a good price.  The granddaughters were just overcome to see these toys.  I could not purchase them in a store anywhere so had to go online.  They each got a set and I have pictures of one or the other 18 mo.old trying to hoard all of them.
Daughter loves this toy!
I'm very happy.  Big surprise! I'm very happy.
Teeny tiny  Beware. This key chain is miniscule. Seriously, my daughter was sad because it so small it barely could be seen by the naked human eye. Well, ok, she could see it, but it's small. Not really even big enough to play with...just hang on your belt look I guess, since my 8 yr old doesn't carry a set of keys yet.
Great Dolll for Ariel Lovers  Really cute, well made doll.  My 3 year old daughter loves it & sleeps with it every night in her new Ariel bedroom.
Good quality, Son loves it.
Perfect gift  My 6 year old Nephew thought it was the best thing. He stuffed  some things he'd received for Christmas in it.  It ended up being his favorite gift.
Just the right size and safe for little people to cuddle with.
Arrived in a timely manner and was exactly what I or
kid loved it.
Excellent!  This was a gift for my daughter, and she is thrilled with it!  The toy is well-made, and arrived in a timely manner.
My daughter loves it.
Toy  Purchased for chid in Lima Peru.  Parents of child could not find in stores in Lima. Husband has relatives there and he visited them and took Elmo, child loved it.
Put's a " face" to blood constituents  I purchased a number of the giant microbes related to blood to keep in my office. I work for a national blood bank and I enjoy showing them to co-workers and blood donors. As a blood and platelet donor myself I think it's cool to have plush toy versions of components I donate.
my niece wanted to steal it from me ;D
My 3 year old loves "Big Pluto".  He is so soft!
Christmas for Our Harry Potter Pan  I was hesitant to pay so much for "a stuffed animal." However, "Buckbeak"  was an instant hit.  My daughter peered into his eyes and decidedly named him Hagrid.  True to his namesake, he appears fierce but he is soft and sturdy.  It's put together well.  His body is solid, his legs a bit less (giving them some ability for movement, but still strong enough to support his standing on his own.) His wings are sewn on in a way that the bottom half moves freely for "flapping", yet won't get pulled off by too much tugging.  There are 3-4 different kinds of fabrics used in the making of this noble creature, giving him lots of texture and detail. In spite of all these things, when I've picked him up, I can't stop petting him, even as a "first generation" Potter fan!  He is so very, very soft, from the tufts of fur on his head\tail to the short fur on his chest and wings. He is holding up very well to the love and affection he's been receiving.  A lot of money? Yes. But if Harry Potter is part of your world, (or someone else's) it's worth the price.
Awesome. Perfect for a 2 year old  Awesome.  Perfect for a 2 year old.
my son loved it!  this toy has such great detail...the colors look great..and the stitching is fantastic...I would highly recommend this seller and maker of this plush doll...thanks! Job well done..
Very authentic and not too cheaply made!  These are perfect for my 3 yr old granddaughter!! Not heavy or hard!  If you get whacked with them, they don't hurt either!!!  She is ToyStory crazy right now. The perfect gift before we go to Disney World!!
Cute Tomy Umbreon Plush  I bought her as a fan of Umbreon. While mine looked a little small compared to my other Tomy plushes, I still loved how soft and cute she was. She came complete with the tag and was official. I guess she was just a smaller one. She's good for hugging, cuddling and going on adventures with.
It is a great little toy. My grandson loves it (he is 6 months old).
Cute and soft!  It is very soft and absolutely adorable!  This cuddly critter is ready to be any Pokemon fan's beloved companion.  This purchase was definitely worth it.
Adorable!  I bought this for my niece and she loved it!  I almost want to get myself one! :D
Nadine loved it!  :)
SO CUTE!!!  I bought this for myself because peas in a pod is like my favorite toy from toy story :D And I absolutely love this! It's so cute and soft and fun to play with :)
Exactly what she wanted and expected.
Great platypus stuffed animal  My daughter has become surprisingly interested in platypuses, so we bought her this stuffed animal.  She loves it!  It's very soft and I think it's hilarious.
For a gift & made a little girl very happy.
Character  Love those plush friends.  My boys spend many hours in their company.  This one seems to be well made also.
made well  Fun
Perfect gift for my niece!
Great gift from kids!  I ordered two of these for my girls to make for their grandmothers for Christmas. They both loved making them and they came out beautiful. Nice, easy craft for kids and a beautiful gift to give!
Looks exactly like the picture!!! I love it, he's so cute!
My 22 month old granddaughter loves it.
Made for a great Halloween costume!  This guy was the hit of my halloween party! I made a bad ass Ripley costume using him, it was great
He is just as expected.
Very nice
Super cute and soft
It's all she wanted for christmas  my 3 year old was just introduced to "finding nemo" and fell immediately, completely, head over heels in love with nemo. it's all she's talked about for two months and this nemo plush was perfect. great quality, great price. she LOVES it.
Love it  Soft and well-made. Perfect for little ones learning about zippers and buckles.
Cute
Prompt shipping. Item exactly as described!  Prompt shipping. Item exactly as described!
Fits perfectly on my shelf. LOL
Great Toy  Very well made and super plush. It was a great gift.
Pleased  Happy couldn't find one locally expensive but worth it. Bought for grandchild who lost hers and carries it everywhere for naptime
Adorable!  Got this little guy from Nintendo World in the city - very cute, soft, and well made! Would have liked the pan to be made of something other than felt though, it's too flimsy and seems sort of lazy.
NOSTALGIA  I had this when I was little! Oh it brings back memories! Such a fantastic doll!!
perfect  exactly what I was looking for, my daughter loves it!
I loved it. It was really soft & adorable. it was really posable. Completely awesome
kawaii plush of zero :D
My daughter loved it so cute and cuddly
Nice item, no complaints
Perfect  All three kids love it...and the youngest takes it to bed every night also.  Perfect for playing and cuddling with
What's not to like?  Cute for shopkins fans.
good toys, fast shipping
Groody is too cute!!!!  I wish that i new that Groody had come out!!! I think he is very cute and my cousins love him more than my other uglydolls. he resembles ket but he is cuter. I also think the small size is very good because i can bring him everywhere. I think these toys are educational because they don't have a gamesite that helos alot because it gets kids off the computer!!1
Great plush toy  I have a toddler who loves Tinkerbell and we only let her sleep with a toy if it's soft/plush, so this item fit our need perfectly. Daughter loves it and we couldn't be happier. Thanks!
LOOKS just like the cartoon Crackle  Very cute! LOOKS just like the cartoon Crackle! Any child would love this!
Cute!  Its the size of a change purse but very cute. Works well.
Cute  My daughter has lots of the Llama Llama books and loves them all. I got her a new book for Christmas and this to go along with it, she loves it
Lovely and a fun toy for imagination  This toy is so great. We bought this for our daughter for Christmas and we are so pleased that we did. She loves it and it has become a part of her magical fairytale adventure! This is a great toy for kids to explore their imagination.  The horse does not come out of its harness and is attached to the sleigh. The "prince" is removable and so is the princess.  It is truly a beautiful toy, well-made yet so intricate!
Very nicely made toys.
Bright eyes peek a boo jumbo giraffe  This is a peek a boo giraffe brown pink jumbo size for a Bright eyes big eyes recommend to anyone. Great price delivery
Yep.  It's the same as the image. Small, but good quality. My girlfriend is happy to have this plush Fennekin. Yep...
One of my son's absolute favorite toys!  Great quality from Gund.
Is a pretty doll  The doll is great despiste the error on the photo
item as described.......smooth transaction
Keldeo's my favorite Pokemon!
Greatest Sawhorse Ever  I am a union carpenter (27 years) and these are the best sawhorses I have ever owned. They might be a little heavy but well worth the excellent strength. Rock solid, and positive locking on the legs. I will never have to buy another set cause these will last forever. Had these for a year , with heavy use and still perform as if new.
MY BABY GIRL LOVED IT
My boyfriend loved this!
I love it
Love!  Looks like he came out of the tv! Very cute!
Loved by a Little Boy  My 2-year-old dinosaur-obsessed grandson loves this.  The toy is well made and looks as though it will hold up very well for a very long time.
Awesome seller!!  Great product...my son loved it. This seller is great to deal with.. I will be doing business with them again!
Well made item,  great price  My 13 year old sister loved this item for a birthday gift. It is a well made doll, and exact to the described size. Also was listed for a great price, I found the same item in a comic book store for $25....
Great toy, toddlers love & is very educational
These dolls are precious!!!
Amazing product, exactly as described. It is very soft as well.
Nice Otter  Bought it for my sister for her birthday. I did good, she enjoys it.
Ok
Perfect condition! I love it thanks!
I LOVE MEGAMAN!!!!!!!!!  Once I saw this, I just had to get it, plus it wasn't that expensive. megaman fans won't be disappointed at all. Nice quality, great price, and it captures his looks from Megaman Powered Up on the PSP. If you have a friend crazy for the Blue Bomber, get em this, they will not be dissapointed at all!
My daughter loves it and that all that matters  I have to admit when my daughter doesn't sleep with Sully and bring him to bed!. The fur is soft and the stuffing is perfect  where it is not too soft and not to stiff.  One things that i don't understand is that eyes are not center. I don't remember him have cross eye monster.  LOL! The one negative thing is that it is pretty expensive.  I am ok with the extra cost though
Legit seller!!  It actually looks like an oddish, which I was super excited about, and is very soft!!! My sister loves him very much!!
Love It  So cheap as an add on item but great quality! My daughter loves it
It was more than great they were perfect! Great flowers thank you
Pretty good
Impossible to find  Delivered quickly and is great quality. Also, Tracker is nearly impossible to find as a plush toy. Worth every penny to the smile on my little girls face.
All the grandkids want these!
ver good!  My little grand daughter loves this!
Exactly as expected, no problems with this purchase.
The first one was so well loved that we bought another  My 3 and 5 year olds absolutely adore this toy. The first one was so well loved that we bought another.
Easy to clean  Well made. Easy to clean.
Super soft minkie fabric  Super soft minkie fabric, great size, the eyes are embroidered. This was a good purchase. Cubone even sits up on its own if you let it lean back on the tail.
Nice thank you
Great gift  Great stuffy.  Good quality and bigger than I expected. Also purchased the Mario which is equally as cute.  Giving the Luigi with the Luigi WII U game.  Great gift combination.
Nice item
Adorable, soft  Adorable, soft, well made and arrived super quickly! Perfect add to the elephant gift card to Babies R Us for the baby shower. :)
Perfect baby shower gift  I was at a store and saw a young baby absolutely entranced by this thing in her stroller. That unknown baby's quiet delight while mommy was busy shopping convinced me that I had to track that goose down to buy a friend for her baby shower. I was pleasantly surprised by how cheap it was.  I discovered later that I could have gotten the 5 rhime version for much less at Hobby Lobby with a coupon.  The tiny recipient of my goose gift can't  smile yet but the adults love it.
Great quality plush  Bought for my niece who loves dinosaur train, she never puts it down. Has held up to 4 months with a 3 year old very well.
Easy to cook eggs over easy and make sauce without sticking Eat soup directly from this (single serve)
Perfect companion for Elf on the shelf
Great granddaughter loved it.  She is quite a Troll person.
Other than that it is really Adorable.  I got this item on November 2013. I think it's really cute, very well detailed, soft. But one thing though make sure to check out the size, because it is really small when you see it in person but I don't mind the size. Other than that it is really Adorable.
My son loves it
Baby toys  I think it's perfect for my g-grandson, little chubby hands can learn to grasp this.
Awesome snake!!  This is very well made, and the structure of the head is anatomically correct. His is BIG and very cuddly - my 7 year old son wraps the snake around him when he sleeps.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend :)
I am very satisfied with my purchase  I am very satisfied with my purchase. I bought it for my significant others birthday, he loves stitch. It was in great condition. I would definitely recommend this to others.
It's also super cute and easy to take along  My 15 month old LOVES this toy. It's also super cute and easy to take along
Love them!!  I'm in the Caribbean and I got them yesterday and I absolutely love them, I bought these for my mom, my kids and I and we have no regrets. Would definitely recommend buying these if you are as fascinated with these mascots as we were.  Good quality and super cute.
Harry  Harry Hoofs is cool - we call ours Henry Horse named after the Harry Hoofs that belongs to a cool kid of a friend of ours. Bought 2 of these for our new grandson Landen. You can never have too many Harry Hoofs.
This made a great gift!
Son loves this Elmo  Had to get two extra's for daycare and when his is in the wash.  It has turned into his "lovey".
Great quality  This was a gift, and the recipient really loves it. It's clearly a high-quality plush, and I think it was worth the price. :)
My daughter loves it!  Now we have got to talk Mama into a real pup.
Age Defying with VitaNiacin  I love this product and when I couldn't find it in the local stores, I came to Amazon.com to see if I could get it there.  I have to have this when I am getting ready for work every day. This product moisturizes my skin so that I do not have dry skin.  I also smells good, but is not an overpowering smell, so I can still wear perfume if I want to.
great size, detail, and scale  Good size, not too small, not TOO BIG, good detail, great quality! Basically to scale with the rest of them. Of course, my kid loves it!
great quality.. alot bigger then expected !
Cute!  Cute, soft, and fluffy, my wife and daughter love him!
My 4 year old has been dragging this thing around with her everywhere since she got it from Santa and it is still going strong.
Great Eeyore  He is so soft and very well constructed. A high quality piece.
Perfect gift size.  Super soft and a nice cuddling size.
Great it is  My toddler loves her Yoda! Every time she goes by it, she has to say "Hi, Yoda!". Whenever she sees a brochure in the mail for yoga, she has to show it to Yoda: "Yoda do yoda (sic) too!" Happy dad.
Pretty Darn Cute and Accurate  I find the giant microbes line to be good overall quality and accuracy-wise (I have about 30 of them).  This little buddy is no exception.  I'm not sure how it would deal with heavy play or washing, but I can say that it is well constructed from a collectors standpoint.  The attached card is a great introduction to C. elegans as a model organism.  Having worked with them in a lab, and knowing others who do, this was both an excellent personal purchase and gift.
My son loves it  Very happy with this purchase. My 7 year old son loves it and the free app for iPad makes it a fun and interactive toy. Highly recommended!
Super Buy  Wonderful toy. My grandson just loves this. He sleeps with it. Has held up well .. construction is great. No issues.. Would recommend.
Great! Exactly as expected.  Adorable and soft! It was the perfect size.
Great detail, arrived early, and it's over all a very good plush.
My child love it!
Big & Soft  Pretty big Goofie! Our daughter loves him to death! He's big. He's soft. He's perfect!
Perfect size for little hands  Read the reviews prior to ordering so I knew it was just a bit bigger than a barbie. Perfect size for little hands.
This was a gift to a friend living in a care facility and she collects stuffed toys.
I love it  A great addition to my kitchen. Detailed in every way as the charter. And I'll be looking for additional items, in the future.
completely adorable.  Cute. Durable. my almost 3 yr old granddaughter now has a small and large mermaid so she can play mommy and baby mermaid! Good service too. Fast.  *added about 16 months later,still in good shape! still loves it!
So adorable!
The recip[ient loved it!
We love it !!!???
and is very comfortable to wear  Hat is very well made, and is very comfortable to wear.
Great toy  I was little bit concerned about paying this much for a toy but we had an Amazon gift card for that amount. It shipped quickly and our one year old likes to play with it. There are six different buckles. Even though he cannot actually put any of them together just yet, he likes to watch us buckle and unbuckle it. He does try to buckle them and take them apart --- enjoying trying as well. I suspect in a few more months he will be able to do it himself. Either way, it keeps him busy for a short time usually between 5 and 15 minutes alone and perhaps another 10 minutes or so added to that with a parent or older child doing the buckling while he watches. Also it should be pointed out that the pocket is the perfect size to fit 2 to 4 small toys that you can take with you when you got out and this whale comes along. We like having that extra pocket for a second activity for our child to do. We are happy with the purchase.
It is perfection.
I would buy this again
my review  so charm y loved it
He was so adorable and soft  Bought this little guy for a baby shower. He was so adorable and soft.
So adorable! Has the official Disney stamp on his foot and his ears are so huge lol. Very happy with this purchase!
Very Lickable!!  My dog loves this toy!  The high pitched noise excites her immensely!  She spends hours licking it, I think she believes it to be her baby!!
Perfect my daughter loves this doll and couldn't find it anywhere else.
I was surprised by the quality for the price  SO CUTE. My granddaughter loves it. Great bargain!
excellent. Shipped fast.
KK slider! love it!  KK Slider plush looks just like how the character does in the game. Awesome! Get him before its too late!
pure cuteness  SOMCUTEOMGURIMMAGONNADIE
My mother always bought a musical toy every Christmas to play with the grandchildren  I loved the tradition so much that I have continued it for my grandchildren.  This one was a big hit with them.  Each Snowperson sings their own part and the sound is very good.
Best Kirby push I've seen!  Softest, squishiest plush I've ever held. I had originally gotten it to leave on a shelf somewhere in my room as a decoration, but I can't stop hugging the dang thing. Perfect gift for any Kirby fan.
Fun, biodegradable and NO Static cling!  These are really great! I don't use packing peanuts often as most of the items I ship are books, but occasionally I do have a need for peanuts. I really didn't want a huge amount, and I wanted some boxed as they are easier to store than the peanuts in the large bags.  These fit the bill perfectly. They do a good job as a void filler, they're biodegradable, and they're cute, too! The little bone shapes are fun and different than regular peanuts. The best thing of all? NO STATIC!
Enjoyable  This product is very nice, I'm happy with it so that is cheap and good. I like it, thanks for all
Perfect for a newborn  Adorable stuffed animal for a great price! First one I received had a rip, so I requested another be sent - it arrived two days later & I was still able to keep the original and work on my sewing!
Love it!!!!  My 2 year old little girl LOVES this plush! It is the perfect size for an awesome price! I recommend any winnie the pooh character plush as a gift!! They are so soft and durable and a 100% kid friendly SAFE!
Love her !
Small, but cute!  I put mine on top of my secondary computer monitor because it's cute... but it is small. The difference between 8 inches and 12 is a big one :)
I love America from Hetalia  I love America from Hetalia. Also know as Alfred Freedom Jones this plush looks as the picture and he is now a collection in my plushes I look at every day and admire. If you want an America plushy buy it here.
I thought this would be like a security blanket for my son but he didn't really attach to it. When he sees it in the car he yells MELMO!! and then proceeds to just chuck the thing across the car. I'm like dang what did Elmo ever do. Giving 5 stars cause Elmo is still ok in my book.
Looks awesome I'm buying this
My 2 and half year old loves it.  No complaints yet, he does get frustrated with the un-doing of some of the buckle styles, but it's not so tight that he can't do them at all.
Cutest thing ever!!!  Cutest thing ever!! Nice size for the grandkids.. they pretend its a horse and pretend riding him. lol PRO: Cute and very well constructed.. legs are very sturdy CON: Could use a little more support in the neck.. its fine for now.. lol
big hit  My grand daughter loves Elmo so this was a big hit.  I love seeing her carry it around.  It is almost as big as she is .
Best friend!  It is amazing, I mean it. I love this coyote he is one of my most fav Looney Tunes chars. Maybe he can go to ACME and order us a new car xD!
Sanei Jigglypuff  Very accurate form. Good materials, soft and cute small plush. My kids love it!
Named him Ned. He's a total cool bean. Sits on the window sill being all cool and whatnot. Also has other uses such as keeping the cat entertained, keeping your children entertained, shoving down someone's throat, keeping yourself entertained, making all of your house guests ask what the hell it even is, playing catch with, watching Princess Mononoke with, etc. 100% worth wasting my money on.
yr old loved the colors & played for quite a while  Quick deliver. ! yr old loved the colors & played for quite a while. Recommend
My gamer loved this gift!  This is a great gift for any Kingdom Hearts fan, adult or child. Finding this kind of plushie locally is impossible so I was glad to find it as a gift for my gamer daughter.
furby  Grandaughter loves it.
We used this little guy as a sort of "elf on the shelf tradition" but for st pattys day.  It was a big hit with the kids.  He will help us make memories for years to come!
Great! Arrived on a Sunday too  Great!  Arrived on a Sunday too!
Quite possible the best notebook I've ever used  I'm an engineer and require use of a notepad to write down a log of experiments, meeting notes, etc.  I've used other notebooks in the past, but none compare to this one.  The binding rings are fairly strong, the book can be opened and lay flat with 2 pages exposed or folded back for one page.  The leather cover has good weight and tactile feel, its also rugged that it lasts years of constant daily use.  The pages are ruled well, the paper is quality and doesn't easily rip out, but if you wanted to take out a page, there is a perforated edge which will allow you to remove page without leaving a mess in the ring binding.  The pouch on the front cover is awesome storage space for business cards
Very cute and information accurate as listed.
cool robot cat toy  Very fun toy, son likes a lot
SO cute!  My 7-month old baby grandson loves it, too, so I bought one for him to keep at his house and one for him to play with when he's at my house.
It is very nice and soft  It is very nice and soft. The size is just right for my 20 month old niece. She loves it and we do too!
easy transaction; prompt delivery  Quality product; easy transaction; prompt delivery; highly recommend!!
So Cute
The sexual piccaddilloes (sp) are endless. Marvel Select "The Thing" has had his way, more than once.
daughter loved it, great present  So cute!!! daughter loved it, great present!
yay  Its elmo! My daughter loves him. We have washed him a handful of times and he still looks new.
I bought this for an 8 year old granddaughter and she loves it.
Best toy ever!!  This Olaf is amazing!!!! Not only that it's adorable but it's really big!! This has the best quality ever!! Plus it came super fast. If your a frozen fan you should totally get this. I bought it for my daughter she loves it !  This is the lowest price I could find and was really cheap only 13.00$ it was really worth it. I highly recommend  this to everyone of all ages that loves Olaf 
Cute as a bee!?  Perfect for bumblebee theme diaper cake!
Present from Santa  Excellent quality, vibrant colors and my son loves it.  He takes it every where.  I hesitated buying because of the price but glad I did.
Great tester for the old knob and tube wiring to help identify the hot wires and tag them - used this tester for years - love it, when and where can I purchase another one ??!!
He's lovely!
Super cute! I was hesitant to purchase thinking it may be low quality, but hes super great, plushy, and looks very nice for a good price. Great gift.
Cuddly Pokemon  I gave this to my son for Christmas. He was the envy of all his friends. Bulbasaur is a favorite around here. Thanks so much.
Perfect for small children  I love this ar-at because it us detailed enough yet soft and the baby does not get hurt when playing with older brother (usually at-at fets thrown multiple times)
Good toy for the kid
Great toy  Grandson loved it!
Exactly what I was expecting  It is absolutely great. The fit is perfect for my head size, and it is the exact plush and adorable hat you would expect.
perfect and i wish the made a sonic figure for rouge the bat
My daughter loved it!
Soft and cuddly  Perfect addition to the plush Sofia doll for my daughter's Christmas. He's really cute and super soft.
Lovely doll
Very cute.
perfect!  It was exactly what I expected and even came early! It's the perfect size, soft, and clean.
great price on time with the shipment.  Love the new star wars angry bird collection . Made well no problems .
Awesome and cute  Awesome and cute
Adorable  This little fellow reminded me of my grandson, who always carries his favorite blanket everywhere! We all love Linus and his blanket, so I bought him for my little man. LOVE IT! (and so did he)
Now watch Snuffy whip  I got this as a gift for a friend who had a childhood fear of Snuffleupagus. He now is over the fear and thoroughly enjoyed the stuffed animal. He especially liked making "Snuffy" whip and nae nae with his very long trunk. In fact he even used Snuffy with sunglasses on as his avatar for a little while. I would say this was a rewarding purchase.
Cute Oshawott for that Oshawott lover in your life for Christmas  The cutest of the trio of starters, Oshawott has a lot of detail and is ready for the holidays. The plush like any officially licensed Pokemon plush is very well made and fits together with both other Pokemon collections and Christmas decorations. The Pokeball has a bell which is just a nice extra touch when you go to move Oshawott to get you into the holiday season.
Foxy is great  My grandson was very exited when it arrived. Coloring & detail are very good
High quality  Seems very high quality and my son loves it
amazing  my toddler daughter loves yo gabba gabba and this toys made her so happy that it really worths it, I just wonder how to get the remaining characters.
Happy and Disappointed  The toy is awesome and my grandson loves it, that's why I've given it 5 stars....HOWEVER...it took way to long to be delivered. This was the longest we've ever had to wait for an item that was guaranteed sooner at the time I placed the order.  I was very disappointed in the delay....
My son loves it.
thanks
Very Cute!  Grandaughter loved it!
Super soft and good size
Story Buddy  I use this to go along with the book, Llama Llama Red Pajama. The kids find it very engaging. They enjoy playing with it. It's also extremely soft!
Very Very Happy!  So thrilled with my purchase and fast delivery!
Cute and adorable.  Cute and adorable.
Great quality and price!
Highly recommend!  I wanted to buy a doll for my daughter who is into Frozen right now.  She is only 3 and likes to sleep with the toys that she loves, so I wanted a soft doll.  These were soft enough for her to play with and sleep with.  Highly recommend!
Looks so much like Boo.  Very well made! Looks so much like Boo.
Great product, it is everything it says it is  Great product, it is everything it says it is. Has multiple sayings while being soft and easy to cuddle. I recommend this.
Lovable Pooh!  Cuddly, lovable, snuggable Pooh!!! The best stuffed animal I ever had my hands on. The size is perfect and the stuffing is just right. I actually ask my daughter if I can sleep with him. He is great for hugging.
Love it!  Really cute!
toooo cute
Cute little plushy
Too too funny for words
He loves it!!!!  My grandson held him the entire time we  watched "Shaun the Sheep" movie!!  Great "Shaun" sound.
My daughter loves it!!
My toddler loves this toy.  It's the right size to go most places, and doesn't have accessories that can get lost.
Exactly what my 7 year old wanted.  So much cheaper than local store.
Great
Perfect quality! Sailor Uranus is my favorite sailor senshi  Perfect quality! Sailor Uranus is my favorite sailor senshi. Happy to finally have a plush of her that is affordable. Very fast shipping!
My grandson sleeps with him every night.
Nice  Great size, head is a little big compare to the body. Not a big deal. Great quality. The color is really nice.
Grandson's Delight  I gave Softy to my grandson as a surprise.  He was absolutely thrilled.  Loved the story of Softy.  Well made and very soft.  Good choice.
My Grandson loved it  However the seems were open on the tail an the belly side. Instead of returning this item, I  sewed it, as my grandson was saddened when I suggested that I would have to return the Vaporeon Poke Plush. I feel that a new Vaporeon should be sent as a gift to me without charge.
My son loves it!
My little niece was expecting the 9" one, so this was a HUGE hit! I'd glad I looked around - the white one is almost half as expensive as the red one. (WTF?)
Perfect and cute.
BIG AND HIGHLY DETAILED.  I picked this up for my daughter, to add to her collection of guppies.  When I received it, it was definitely bigger than her other ones from ToysRus and Kmart, which was surprising.  But it is well made and the detail on the character is great.  You guys can see the difference in size in this picture, compared to the ones found at different stores.  [...]
wonderful
Owned the PS20 for over Two years + LOVE THIS BOSCH  Plenty of power/torque. Battery(s) are long lasting. The P20 is light weight and fits my medium sized hand like a glove. The p20 is my "go to" drill/driver.  The built-in magnetic bit holder has spoiled me. My OTHER drill/drivers (and some Bosch drivers) do NOT have the built in magnetic holder. When a screw is placed on their "phillips" head bit ,, IT FALLS off. The bits I like to use (Bosch P2) won't hold in my other tools if inserted directly into the "chuck". ie: no power groove necessary with "short stubby bits".  The Bosch #2,, P2 screw bit is my favorite phillips head bit because they last and are inexpensive / tough.  The P20 drill/driver is NOT a "ratcheting" type. JUST pure torque/low speed with a "torque clutch". Usually the Clutch is set at the INFINITY setting. I've removed screws with this driver that my ratcheting driver driver WOULD NOT BUDGE". Hold it straight, puts lots of pressure on back of dirver to remove screws and they will either start to come out or,, if it is a thinner screw (#8) that is really screwed in tight this will will more than likely "snap off" the head near the threads. A (#a6) won't break but expect to damage the screw/bit if you're not careful.  The magnetic holder is built into the driver hex head. NO NEED to use an accessory magnetic holder. Thus you can use all the "stubby bits" that would normally require an accessory holder by simply inserting directly into the P20.  Some of my other tools will NOT hold the short bits I use,,, these bits are the BEST. I rarely use another type. Amazon for some reason does not sell this bits but check out ebay and search for:  BOSCH #2 PHILLIPS DRYWALL SCREW DRIVER DRILL BIT P2. ---- these can be purchased 10+ to a box. Try some,, work great in a "power groove" magnetic holder but with this gun,, insert them directly into the chuck.  The P2 bits come in a plastic box,, like a tic tac candy mint box. Not sure why but the drill firmly holds the bit? To release it you need to pull the front of the gun,, (like a normal quick change bit) but when in the gun the distance is MINIMAL.I have no problem putting a 2+ inch black sheetrock screw on the gun/bit and the magnet holds the screw firmly. Can then raise or lower the P20 and the screw STAYS on the bit.  Noticed P20 drivers were getting scarce. They maybe (or are) discontinued. Depressing to think they couldn't be purchased so I bought another P20 "bare tool" to make sure I'll have a working unit if my present wears out.
SCULLEY  IT IS FOR KIDS BIRTHDAYS (3 OF THEM BORN 1 MONTH APART) BUT THEY WILL GO CRAZY WHEN THEY GET THEM... THE 6 YEAR FIRST THEN THE 2 YEAR OLD AND LAST THE 4 YEAR OLD....
Awesome! Can't wait to give it to my granddaughter for her birthday.
yay
real cute. it hangs really well on my window
absolutely adorable, just as pictured soft plush toy for babies
COULDN'T RESIST... NEWBIE UGLYDOLL FAN!  I'm here looking for Xmas gifts for my grandchildren and see this doll. It instantly brought a smile to my face. Ninja Batty Shogun looks so silly it makes you laugh and come to love it! Those bug eyed blue eyes, pointy teeth and funky horns, not to mention the wings, are a riot! I'm a newbie UglyDoll fan!
First impression: This product was nicely packaged and had a label like a toy you would find in toys r us vs a toy you buy off eBay from China that comes wrapped in cheap see through plastic wrap. Upon opening it, I was so impressed with how soft it was. This is so so soft. The stitching and embroidery are of high quality, as are the buckles. The whole toy is very well made and seems like it will endure lots of play time.  The toy has 3 different types of buckles; the regular side release, a circle center release, and a weird square center release. The square center release buckle was difficult to clip and unclip even for me, so my daughter is completely incapable of doing it herself. There's also a zipper on top with a pocket.  My daughter is 16 months old and found this toy very entertaining. She needed prompting to play with it, and once I showed her how to do it, she was very eager and persistent to clip allall the buckles . She is able to clip all of them but needs help unclipping them, so for now, she's too young to play with independently but I'm sure with practice she'll master the dexterity to do them by herself.  Overall, I'm impressed with the quality and it passed the toddler test. I will update my review when my daughter finally masters it to give you guys an idea of how much play time to realistically expect and how long it takes to master it.  I received this item at a discount for my honest review. I receive nk benefits from rating a product high vs rating low, so you can be assured that my review is unbiased.
I think you should include written billing info.
I love them
Fast delivery and wonderful product.  Cute toy for toddler. Fast delivery and wonderful product.
Love  Very cute.  Love it
These are great. ANd a perfect price. They are soft and cuddly. They arrived as expected. Would buy again.
happy customer  A great buy
As described!!
Great quality..very well made. Love it.
It's a cute toy!  Let the big Chewie roar!  It does amuse my wife!  This chewie is big and fluffy!  Gotta love this thing!
A Big Winner  Who doesn't like Donald Duck if you're a kid.  We are a Baby Rental business and include this huggable little guy in our Toy Boxes.  The kids adore Donald but who wouldn't?
Nicely made and cute! My daughter loved it!
excellent condition, and much softer than I expected  Very cute, excellent condition, and much softer than I expected! Seriously, this thing has softer fabric than any other plushie I've collected. :)
Good quality  So cute, used it to hang on the outside of a baby christmas gift.
very cool  My kid loves this. We hung in his room, very cool
My 9 year old LOVES him!  This little guy is so stinking cute, it melts your heart. My daughter loved the movie and loves this little plush. Despite the fact that she knows his "real" name, she calls him "Little Toot-Toot". So cute!
Excellent Quality!  Very cute.  Well made. My toddler loves it.
Great looking hat.
fabulous  Great product, but so hard to find at our local stores.  Thanks Amazon for your market.  I was able to find several things that my husband and I like.  We will buy again.
Exactly as pictured.  Exactly as pictured; perfect quality.
Great product and service!
adorable
Great gift, reasonable price, fast service!  Recipient loved it.
Super cute and soft
Great Eastern GE 8960 Sonic  Perfect!
my Granddaughter says it looks like a MARSHMALLOW!!!  i bought another one of these for my Youngest Granddaughter' Birthday because she liked the one I gave her sister !! They just love it... It is a very cute toy !!
Excellent!
The Bestest  My five-year-old grandson reviewed this item when I gave it to him on his birthday:It is "the bestest!"  He sleeps with it at night and at nap time every day.  It obviously is" the best present ever."
It was great to find them all together.  Came fast and were as described.
CUTE!!!  He is adorable. I fell in love with this movie and can't  wait for it  to come out on video. SVEN is my favorite character, as he is similar in personality to my horse.
Very well made and cute.  Very cute and will make a great addition to our collection for the year of the dog coming up.
Son lovvvves this item!
Just right size for little ones
My boyfriend was turning 23 and he told me he wanted a husky for his birthday. Unfortunately I couldn't get him a real one, so this was his birthday present. He loves it! And sleeps with it every night. His mother tried to steal it from him, but I told him to steal it back cause I didn't spend 20$ for her. I asked him how I should rate his gift, and he said ten stars, and I told him that wasn't an option so he settled for five. Woo hoo
Super cute- well constructed- cool jointed neck and bendy legs  This is so cute and so well made. I expected quality but I received a very fun, very bendable but sturdy and well constructed with realistic markings on this LARGE Giraffe. It is large enough to be enjoyed by the 5 y/o and the baby. It takes a bit of a beating (I wouldn't let the kids go nuts but it's well made) and its C U T E! I gave this as a gift and especially liked the JOINTED neck and the long bandable legs that allow it to staand and not topple over easily. Over all a BONUS for a great price! I caught this on a great sale for the holiday's but its actually affordable to begin with.
Perfect doll to teach independence!  I absolutely love this doll almost as much as my 3 year old daughter. Okay so she pretty much likes any doll, but I love the idea of this doll. My daughter is at an age where she strives for independence in every aspect of her life. The Dressy Kids doll is helping her learn dressing skills everyday through play. I'm so glad I found this doll and my daughter is glad she found a new friend!
A great idea and collector's item!
Very detailed  High quality
so cute  loving this little hippo he is so cute and soft perfect for a lil crib buddy for my baby to come
lol funny little toy  I don't know who loves this more, me or my toddler!!!  I played with this for hours...lol  funny little toy. cute. and durable.
Great condition!  My 8 yr old LOVES it, and this is one picky kid!! Lol. 5 stars for sure :)
well made,large,bright colors,  my 6 yo grandson loves her and sleeps with her every night. she is well made and the colors are bright. exactly as described. arrived very quickly. will order more from this seller.
Christmas present  I got this as a gift for my nephew. He was absolutely in love with this doll. Great purchase worth every penny.
very nice
I don't know about the authenticity but it is super cute.
The real deal and best price  Best deal around. This is 3-4 times as much in the Disney store and is 100% authentic.
SSOOO CUTE!  this got hear on the day thay said it would witch was today,good fast delivery,the details are great in my opinion looks just like pansage/yanappu and it really cute,the only thing is that its some what litte flat compared to the others that i got like purrloin for example to where thay have more stuffing in the head,but oh well i would still recommend it to any pokemon fan who is a collcter of things like this or anyone that just likes pansage/yanappu alot.
I have previously reviewed this excellent product and excellent seller  I have previously reviewed this excellent product and excellent seller.  However, I neglected to leave the correct rating.  I hope this rectifies the error.
I like it a lot  It is taller and bigger than I thought. Surprised me. I like it a lot. I will keep it for many Cristmas'S to come. Looks great on my fireplace.
Love it  I loved this it is very cute and has a bit of a glittery shine, they showed up a few days early and was packages well so I was very happy
Love, choose light only or light with music  Love this thing. Helps my toddler at night. You can choose between light with music or just light. My kid just prefers the light. Its perfect for a nighttime buddy to help a toddler sleep at night. I had one as a kid and its nice for my kiddo to have one too
This Elmo is just the right size for my granddaughter (2 yrs. old).  She takes it everywhere and this is the second one I purchased so one can be in the wash and one in her hand.  The soft cloth eyes make it very safe!
i love domo  i am absoulutly in love with domo and i love this!!!!!! plus it was the best price i have seen!!!!!XD
very warm
My son is a Peppa Pig fan!! this is a great size - he will love his gift exactly like the picture thank you Reena
was very pleased  was just what I expected . was very pleased
awesome  awesome product was everything I expected and then some look forward to buying from you in the future thanks again so much
JUST WHAT MY KID WANTED
Thanks
Star Wars Angry Birds - Awesome!  My 6 year old is a collector at heart, and this was a great addition to his collection.  They are constructed well and hold up nicely. And it is Star Wars!
FAVORITE car toy!!  I  will be buying this as gifts for toddlers in the future, WHAT A FIND!!! my girls (ages 1.5 & 3.5) LOVE it!
A Grinch needs a heart!  The Grinch is fabulous, to be used as a toy or a Christmas decorative item,  He is soft and when you squeeze his hand, his heart lights up and pulsates. The heart is constructed of a durable plastic. My 2 year old grandson put it to the test with no problems. The Grinch endured a lot of hugging!  What more could one ask for?
Worth it! Must buy!  best toy ever for traveling! You can buckle it to your suitcase/diaper bag and it can double as a pillow! My daughter is 21 months old and is super into buckles right now! I have to undo the clips for her, but she's getting really good at clipping them back together herself! There are 3 different types of buckles as well as the zipper and the color coordination helps her too!
Loved it! Goes great in my collection  Loved it!  Goes great in my collection.  In great condition as well.
Soft and lovable  My 5-year old loves this Sully! It's soft and good-sized!
Golf Head Cover  I found this stuffed animal to serve a greater purpose then just sitting on the shelf. I am an avid golfer and an avid Godzilla fan, so when I was unable to find a Godzilla Golf club headcover online or in stores I decided to create my own. The stuffed Godzilla toy has a good size I was able to gut out some of the stuffing and stitch in a sock to finally add this to my golf bag. I feel everyones golf bag should represent a part of their identity on and off the course. I mean Tiger Woods has a Tiger headcover so why shouldn't I have a Godzilla headcover being an avid fan and a monster off the tee ? This stuffed animal served it's purpose well and I would recommend it as a toy or a possible project for your golf bag.
I bought it as a birthday gift and my girlfriend loved it!  The item arrived on time and fits the description and image posted. I bought it as a birthday gift and my girlfriend loved it!
Some of us have really long necks.  Love the Little Ugly Fea Bea. Besides the exquisite neck that culminates in the square face, Fea Bea has piquant pink eyes for that special color contrast. Some might say Fea Bea is oddly shaped but I think she is a towering beauty of an Ugly.
Exactly what it looks like on the picture u get what u see
Gift  I am purchasing these birds as part of a collection for my 4 year old Grandson.  He loves them...they are very well made.
The quality is fine  It's a nice doll.  We got for around $6 and it's a a decent size.  We feel the quality is fine.  Our girls love it.  (6 and 2 yr olds).  We'd buy it again.
As a huge sailor moon fan I absolutely love how how big and well made its a great collector plush.
Yoda  It was everything that I expected it to be. Just had to have it to add to my growing collection of Movie related items. The Plush Pillow is very well and any young child would enjoy having it on there bed and to use it to cuddle up while sleeping ( would recommend that only an older child of say 4 to the 6 range tho). for the Adult collectors it is a Wonderful item to put onto a shelf and display it.
This Simba is authentic and adorable!  I wanted a third tsumtsum (I already had Stitch and Peter Pan), but wouldn't be making it to a Disney park any time soon. This Simba is authentic and adorable!
Perfect for kids or adults wanting to reminisce.  Very soft and project just as described.
Nice sturdy stuffed  My friends grandson was so excited to to get this for Christmas. It sure ia a Star Wras pleaser. Nice sturdy stuffed Chewbaca
Excellent  Will buy more from this seller! Excellent
hk bunny beanie baby  I gave this product five stars because it's so cute and colorful. Perfect for Easter time, or in my case, year-round displaying.
My daughter loved it.  She sleeps with it.  Thank you.
Toadette plushie  Came in awesome condition and durable. Holds up to my 5 year old and made it through the wash a few times
This plushie is so cute! It's perfect to carry with my Asuna cosplay and I love it!
Cute ..well made
Good plush elmo  Son loves it and walks around the house hugging it. It has taken some abuse and is holding together well.
Worth it :3  Adorable! Great quality toy, well stuffed and not flimsy!
Cutie
Cute Foxes  These foxes are very cute.  They are soft, well made. and a good price.  I highly recommend them for both young and older children.
Kids love it.
Kid loves mickey and good quality.
Gread  Thank you.  This was bigger and cuter than I thought it would be.  My grandson loves him.  Great price as well
Everything is perfect
I think its adorable my grandkids thought it was a monster.
I have the original and love that also
Baby Minnie Snuggly  It was perfect. My daughter absolutely loves it and takes it everywhere with her and sleeps with it every night! Thanks, again!
Great for fine motor skills  My 20 month old daughter loves it!!!
Gorgeous Jellyfish  If you have a girl that is interested in jellyfish then this plush is the one you need to order! Everyone at her birthday party remarked on how beautiful it was! She was so delighted with it!
Great gift  It arrived in great time, and my 9-year-old boy absolutely loved it!
... as a birthday gift for my 27 year old best friend who many think is made of stone  I got this as a birthday gift for my 27 year old best friend who many think is made of stone. Tackle the Purple Derple as we call him has brought out the soft side in her and she can now feel emotion. This is the most adorable stuffed monster that ever existed and has changed both of our lives for the better.
Neat!  Little girl loves plush animals, and we like the alien movies, so this made a great gift for her. Decent quality, teeth are just piece of felt so you have to lay them flat on the mouth, or they just stick straight out. Neat though, would buy again
Cooper the thylacine is cute!  He came faster than expected in the mail. Very cute and came with a little koala key chain which was sweet.
Great travel toy  I got this for my 18-month old for a plane trip.  She really enjoys playing with it, and my 5-year old wanted to play with it too.
Pokemon XY Rayquaza Dragon Black  Great Christmas present for a 12 year old boy that collects these.  Very please with this product.
Dogs loved it.
good wool comb  I'm a hand spinner and bought this comb to use on individual locks of wool from fleeces.  Holds up much better than plastic-handled ones.
Fast shipping, item exactly as described.
Our great grand daughter loves her Winnie
Super Cute  I bought this for a friend of mine. It's very good quality and super cute. She loved it. There were talks of building an army :D
Love it....  My son loves it!
Very cure and cuddley!
I loved it
Just as described, worth the price!!
Buy buy buy  Just amazing.... like the product, the shipping was quick, anxiety very reasonable on the price tag!
Great Gift for Elderly Persons with Dementia  I purchased the Ittybit bunny for my 97 year old mother, who has dementia. She's at the stage where she needs help bathing and doesn't remember when or if she ate a meal. She is comforted by and likes to hold my 5 lb. chihuahua. I also noticed her "petting" a stuffed dog she owned, so thought she might like one of these bunnies since the reviews state how soft they are and how much children gravitate to them...as those of you who have experience with dementia know, patients become progressively child-like.  She loves it. I gave it to her on Christmas Eve and ever since she has slept with the bunny and even keeps it with her during the day. I brought her 3 year old great-grandchild to visit and she had the bunny hidden under a cover she wore while sitting on the sofa. She told me she didn't want him to see the bunny in case he might be tempted to take it from her. lol. (Not to worry, he had plenty of toys to play with while at her house.)  I'm thrilled she likes it so much. Because dementia patients often pull away when being shown affection, it's nice to see her cuddling with something, even if it is an inanimate object. I will buy another Wee in the Bunnies by the Bay series for her.
Adorable!
Cute and small in a good way  I know it says 12" but it seemed small when I got it. That didn't seem to matter as it was for a baby who loves tinker bell. It turned out to be the perfect size for her. And even still, it would be an appropriate size for an older child to play with since think is so small anyway.
Perfect for the car seat  Our 2.5 year old loves this toy. Perfect for the car seat, church, and even places like doctor appointments where she needs something to do without a lot of space.
perfect  My baby loves it
Nice toy
Granddaughter loved it. Thank you
... is a very high quality plush toy at a good price. SUPER soft and furry  This is a very high quality plush toy at a good price.  SUPER soft and furry, realistic fur, and a nice, soft squeezy feel.  Nat and Jules plush animals are the best - very cute, soft, and realistic-looking.
He lasted 18 years so I he is pretty good quality  I didn't buy this, but my dad got it when it was still being produced. I just found him on the top shelf of my bedroom.. He lasted 18 years so I he is pretty good quality...
Great product and quick delivery
This arrived beautifully. I have never ordered online and was pleasantly surprised. It came packaged well and even moist. It is still looking beautiful after several weeks. My only comment would be that it would seem to require repotting soon after arriving. Yes
Cute and Soft  My son loves this little guy.  He's held up well to whatever my son puts him through.  Washes well.  It's nothing too fancy or spectacular, but it doesn't need to be.
Perfect!!! I really love it, thanks.'
Great basic Elmo!  My 1-year old daughter adores Elmo.  I was looking for a basic Elmo for her and found this one on Amazon.  After seeing all the good reviews, I decided to buy this one for her.  It is really soft and high quality.  It is the perfect size for a small child.  My daughter can easily grab this Elmo and literally drag him on her adventures.  When I first showed this Elmo to her, she grabbed him out of my hands and wouldn't let go of him for a half hour.  The price is reasonable also and I think this Elmo is cuter than the "My First Elmo" that I've seen in the stores.
Great plush toy  My son loves this!
Awesome!
Awesome!  Love it! She better beside her man Kirito!
Perfect size and just enough fluff  Just what I wanted for my birthday! Perfect size and just enough fluff
good
Everyone Needs a Lovie  We received a Lambie Lovie for review on our blog and we absolutely love it! He's quickly become one of my daughter's favorite toys. She likes playing peek-a-boo with him (using the blanket part) and cuddling with him overall. We love the quality and she loves the textures on the lovie. Every child certainly needs a lovie and we would highly recommend anything from Lambie and Me.
Perfect!!!
love
Another Beautiful Adora Doll  SO DARN SWEET!  I purchased this for my niece and it's absolutely adorable as are all the "Adora" dolls I've purchased!
Adorable Emo  Soft cuddly and adorable my granddaughter loved it
Super Cute Sun Flower  This sun flower far exceeded my expectations. It is a quality product any little girl would love. The bendable stem is a big plus too. Our little one sure enjoys her sun flower, even though for now, it's almost as tall as she is. :)
A hit with my grand daughter's birthday! She loved this better than most all very expensive gifts she got that day!
Big Hit  This plush was purchased as a gift and was well recieved.  It was well made for a low cost item.
grandson loves this toy
Fun,fun,fun!! My Grandsons love him!!
In for the long haul!  Bought this for my 2 year old as we had a 22hr plane journey to endure, and long story short, it kept him entertained on and off the plane. The buckles are good to attach to stroller or backpack easily too. Job done!
Love it!  I was so excited to get this for my daughter for Christmas! It's actually bigger than I expected and is definitely new with tags. Very cute. I'm excited to gift it!
BE DO BE DO BE DO  Awesome addition to my collection
so soft!!!  Perfect!! I love it. Super soft, just as described!
Loved the baa-ing sheep  I used this product as favors at a shower. They were a definite hit. I loved the baa-ing sound they made. They were as described.
Please note the toy walks and sings, very cool
Sadness makes me happy!  This cuddly is great. I didn't expect her hair to be sparkly and wonderful. She's perfect!
Beautiful.
Amazing product.  My boyfriend loved this it was the perfect gift.
It was perfect, my granddaughter loved her!
received in perfect shape.  cute little guy...received in perfect shape.
Good Gift for girl or boy.  Purchased as a gift for a 6 year old girl. She opened the present and carried Olaf around most of the day. Really like the talking part.
Product as described Fast Shipping
Just perfect!
Great plush. Creepy at night though.
Very good  Grandson loved it
Roo  I bought Roo for my 2 year old Great Granddaughter. she loves Winnie the Pooh. When she saw Roo she was thrilled. and carried him around all over the house.
You blow my head away  This plush (dry bones) was a very nice made toy and nothing is wrong with it. It came earlier than expected and it is a very very nice plush for only 9.00$
So cute  I love this plush! I always have loved Sanrio, but Kuromi has been my favorite of all the sanrio characters, even over hello kitty and I just adore this plush!! ^.^ thank you!
Bought for my daughter. She loves it. It is made of high quality.
Great Giant Mickey Mouse  The Grandson really loved the Large Mickey Mouse. He carries it around all over the place.
Great service, and right on time before work started.
Made an awesome gift!  I bought these for my brother's birthday, he has always been a big godzilla fan since he was little. He absolutely loved these! His feet are I think a size 10 and they fit perfect. I just wouldn't recommend for anyone bigger than 11. I had my boyfriend try them on and he is a size 12 and he sad they were just a little snug, maybe they might stretch. I also tried them on and they fit nice, I would be about a 6 in mens. So I would recommend if you're BETWEEN 6-12. As for shipping, they got here in less than a week! I'm very pleased about this product! 
Don't buy this unless you want your almost 2 year old to freak out whenever you can't find it or if s/he can't remember where they left it...as in the other side of the crib at 4 in the morning...every.freaking.night. Kid loves her Elmo, possibly more than she loves me.
i love it
Great for my niece and nephew and keeps their mommy and daddy wide awake!
Super soft and nice bright colors  This is a very well-made doll. Super soft and nice bright colors. Looks just like the photo....very good quality.
prank  great for pranks!
These are probably the toughest toys of this sort lve seen...
LUV IT  I love Uppy so much! He's the cutest ugly doll ever! I would recommend this for kids under 13. I love this toy so much. It's your bff. :) Uppy is very very very very friendly and will always listen to you ;)
Great little toy for the price. It's small, but perfect for toddlers to snuggle. Very soft fur.
Our niece loved this toy too.  No issues at all, shipped fast and packaged well. Would recommend this product.
Loved it!  Needed a gray monkey to match the party theme and this was it! Loved it!
Love it!  I bought this for my children along with a number of other types of plush birds.  This is pretty and the bird's song sounds realistic.  We love it!
Great Find  I am happy that I found this item for my daughter.  Seems to be good quality and they were packaged well.
Cute and durable  My little girl loves this kangaroo and Joey. She snuggles it at night and loves playing with the momma's little baby, sometimes eats it but that's what babies do, right? Great toy, has held up from birth-10 mo. So far so good. :)
Good sized and well  Son loves these plushes. Good sized and well made
Cute  My daughter loves this. The ears have crinkle/crunchy fabric inside, so it does make the ears loud if your little one would want to sleep with this Minnie. Great gift.
Love  it!!!!!!!
It took a month but was worth it
Great Collectables  great collectible if you have a Mario fan in your house. These are cute blushes and earn great awesome condition I highly recommend.
VERY INTERESTING TOY FOR THE KIDS TO PLAY WITH THEY CREATE QUITE  A STORY WHEN PLAYING WITH THIS TOY
Great for toddlers  My kids love this (age 1.5)
pet & kid friendly--and a cool dog bone shape  Sustainable, pet & kid friendly--and a cool dog bone shape. We will be using this stuff for all our gifts and packages. Thanks Amazon for carrying something so fun and safe for our planet
My baby girl sleeps with this every night!
Great product and seller.
Gift
Dry Bones!!  XD  This Dry Bones plush is great! Official San-ei stuff! None of that bootleg nonsense XD I am very happy to have in my collection now and my niece loves playing with it when she visits. I love it!
Super cute!
Very impressed  My kids love this Stitch!! It is extremely well made, looks exactly like Stitch in the movie, and is a great size! It is almost as big as my 12 month old daughter when she's sitting down next to it. It's soft and cute and has help up great to 2 toddlers loving on it daily. This is a must have for fans of the movie like my kids!
great plush
Very satisfied.
Better than expected!  This plushy was absolutely cute - perfect stocking stuffer for my gamer/Star Wars fan brother-in-law to set near one of his gaming consoles.  The "fur" was extremely soft.  I would definitely order this product again if I find a suitable recipient!
My son loves it!  My son loves this too and it was perfect for him (he's 14 months old). He loves watching me disconnect and reconnect the straps and buckles. It's also great for teaching colors. Great product!
Great gift item!  Bought this as a gift for a Star Wars fan.  He loved it so much!  Great product to add to his collectibles.
My son was so pleased with this toy for christmas.  Easy transaction and great product
Babys favorite toy. Had to buy two because she lost one in the store and LOST her mind
Great
Fun little fellow!  This cow is fast becoming a special member of the "animal family" at our grand children's house. He's cute and the rattle has attached the attention of the littlest member of the family even though Belle the Cow was a present to his sister.  Much joy for all!
My niece loved it! She plays with it every single day.
works great!  Got this to replace a lost one. works great!
This is ADORABLE! I took it to work and it was like bringing a baby into the office, the reactions I got. Absolutely the cutest!
Ok  The feet look funny
Awesome  Son wears a size 11/12 in shoe size. Fits great. He will have to buy some inner soles to put in to wear for a costume he is making. They are like slippers.
5NAF stuffed toy was a favorite birthday Gift  My grandson loved it!
Cute Harp Seal!  Huge, adorable eyes that will melt your heart! Honestly, I bought this large, cuddly, soft Harp seal for myself! I like super soft stuffed animals, so I took some of the stuffing out. (just my preference) The materials and workmanship are very good. The seal looks more like the customer pictures than the one posted on the advertisement. Very cute, makes me smile. =D
Both my granddaughters love Elmo and the "Ready for School" song  This is our second "School Ready" Elmo since the first one wore out after several years of use.  Both my granddaughters love Elmo and the "Ready for School" song.  It's very catchy and the younger one laughs and dances to it just like her older sister did.
Liked more, and cheaper!  I decided to buy this version to alternate (while one was in the wash) between the Treetop Friends Activity Gym. The Ocean Pals, while not as high quality toy wise, my son vastly prefers. He seems to like the "glossy" material of the mat more as well as the bright colors. I'd definitely recommend buying this version rather than the more expensive Treetop Friends.
In stock  Couldn't find this in stores for Christmas ~ My daughter loves him :) He is very accurate to the movie!
My son loved this toy  My son loved this toy ... I said loved cause or dog loved it to and gobbled it right up! That doggy must have thought was a zombie. ; )
Pleased and Delighted  So happy with this little No Face :D Ultra soft material and adorable size. He came with a quarter-inch sized rip near the tag, but I whipped up a couple stitches and he's good to go!
Christmas gift  Would recommend purchase if you are a fan of angry birds or star wars.  Great product!  My son loved it.  Price is better here than in retail stores.
SO SOFT! Got this for my little guy (along with some other peter pan plushies) and he loves her.
i really love it  very cutesome indeed. i really love it
Really cool.  Sent this a longtime friend (and fellow Star Wars fan) for his 1 tear old son. Every boy needs an astromech droid.
Love my Eevee plush!
Izzy  My daughter loves her Elmo, it's great that its so soft! She's two and rough on her toys but it takes a beating!
as expected
I Want One Too!  So adorable!!!  This was a gift for my granddaughter, but I want one too!  She was so thrilled to find it under the Christmas tree!  She is 14, but still loves her stuffed animals.  I think that this one is her favorite!  Gotta get a Gund!  Top quality!
Love these things.  We ordered this for our grand daughter but, of course, we had to check it out and make sure it worked properly.  After 3 days my husband took it away from me.  Great toy.  We ordered a second for our grand son so the two of them can have a chatter with each other.  Very fun.
Cute  It's a lil small but cute , my son loves it .
it's a witch  It's a witch. It is truly a charming . very nice and cute. they're zany, they're the latest singing sensation. put a smile on your face with 3 different ways to play. I try to take them all.
Grandson loved it!  My 4 year old Grandson loved the Gizmo. It was just as described. What a classic from "The Gremlins" movie
grandson really enjoys
Cutest little thing in the world, i just wish it was a little bigger.
great price and good quality
The recipient enjoyed it.  This was cute and soft enough. The recipient enjoyed it.
My daughter loves it!
Great for babies  My baby loves these plush dolls
I am Glad to be an AMAZON CUSTOMER!!  This doll where I live is not available. It will be a Christmas Gift for my Grand-daughter!  Amazon I want to thank you for the wide access for hard to get items such as this doll!!!!
THis is a great ball!
Playskool Dressy Kids Boy  Finally, a toy I feel comfortable giving five stars! This little guy is really well made and cute as a button and even machine washable in cold water.  You can zip, button, tie, buckle and Velcro. His "hair" is a plush fabric and the clothes are well-made. The pockets are bound and gusseted to hold up to lots of use. It is really fun to hide little pieces of candy etc. in the pockets for the three year old to find as he learns to un-button.  The orange ring hooks into a loop on the back and is handy to hook on a purse, stroller, chair or just to carry his little buddy around.   This is the only toy I've seen lately that I didn't consider overpriced.  There is also a little "dressy" girl.
Great pocket calendar for the purse
I love It, I received the ocarina is exactly like the picutre
My friend loved her birthday gift, it is just like the picture, but cutter.
Victoria Secret Gold Dog  My daughter had to have it because she loves dogs and it is gold, what else?!
Good toy for a good boy  Got this Mario Squirrel for my 7 year old son. He saw it on Amazon and just had to have it. He loves it.
Great doll for kids that loves Frozen  My daughter absolutely loves it!!
Pretty cute! Put it in the back mirror of my car, look good!
My infant nephew loved this.
Adorable  Very cute and a perfect size. My son loved opening up his Christmas eve box to find baby Jesus that he put in the manger we built together. But he didn't stay in the manger long as my son insists that baby Jesus wants to spend all his time with him and carries him around everywhere. So cute!
It's a great little Shenron!
Amazing! Keeps my busy toddler busy (but still)!
it is always a felicity to remember the days we are together. reminiscencing is the only option. Thanks the ted for bringing me back to the moment once again. thanks
Great product - insufficient packaging  Mickey is a delight - he is soft and pliable. The detail is good and he appears to be sturdily constructed. But he came stuffed in a plastic bag that was stuffed in a crdboard box.
My son loves playing with these.
just perfect!
Cute  Very cute, smaller than I thought it would be but love it still.
This Zuma plush is all my 5 year old could ask for. He took it to bed with him the first night and has kept it with him ever since.
Little girl loves it  Bought this got my niece, she lived it from the minute she opened it! Plays soft music, and is cuddly!
Adorable
Cute  My five-year-old granddaughter loved getting this to go along with a book.  It made a great gift and added to a happy visit.
Adorable and great quality!  I was so happy to find this little elephant.  It is now sporting a yellow satin ribbon - just for show - will be removed when our soon to arrive grand daughter starts to play with it.  I also used this little elephant as a table centerpiece during our baby shower.  Great quality and huggable!
He loved it!  Got this for my son's bday. He loved it!
Adorable, but smaller than I imagined...  I love this cat that I got for my daughter and I wouldn't subtract a star for the dimensions, but... since they weren't included in the description I had been imagining these toys a bit bigger.  Especially for the price, you'd think you would get a more substantial toy, but oh well.  For anyone interested in the dimensions, the kitty is just over 7 inches when sitting and it's just over 12 inches total from head to toe.  I'll post pics with a ruler for a reference if anyone wants to see what this toy really looks like in person.  Anyway, it's still super-soft and it's filled with little plastic (I'm assuming) beads so it has a fun feel to it if you're getting it for a baby.  I really love the neutral expression on the kitty's face too, it's so cute!  I guess it doesn't really matter what I think though, the recipient is the one who should be the most excited with this cat and in my case she was!  I bought this for my 9-month-old daughter and she has been captivated by it since I took it out of the (awesome) box.  She smiles at it and snuggles face-to-face with it, it's the most cuddly she's ever been with a toy before.  I still do wish it were a bit bigger, but I'm not a toy designer, so what do I know?  Lol.  It's still a high-quality stuffed animal and that is apparent as soon as you see it, so I'd recommend it for anyone looking to find their baby a special lovie or perhaps for someone looking to buy a nice gift.
Happy baby  I bought this for my niece who is a huge fan. She went crazy when shed opened the package and went even crazier when she felt the fizzy hat.
Cute toy  The toy looked exactly like the picture! Super cute!
Great for car rides and church services!!!  Great toy to keep child "busy" during car rides and even works for us while we are in church. My 1 /2 year old son can play with the toy during church services since it doesn't make any noise or light up. Great buy!!! A number of mothers at the church have this toy :)
Adorable!!  I got my Rotom today and it is completely adorable and cute! Shipping took awhile but it was totally worth it. It's well made and looks exactly like it does in the picture. It's one good plush to get.
It's just as described, love it!  It's perfect for my 2 year old! About the same size too! Nice and soft just as described. Love it!
Excellent product
Good product  Quality product
Great gift for any toddler  My son has the plush but not the DVD or sippy. I gave it as a gift set for my friends and their daughter and they rave about the DVD! Great gift for any toddler!
Cute and Cuddly Appa  Mine was stuffed in all the right places! So cute and cuddly :)
Absolutely adorable plush, great addition to any collection  One of the cutest Plushies I own! Keep in mind that this is a very rare Plushie that has been discontinued by the company San-x hence the high prices. Because it is an amazing collectible that is very difficult to find, the price is worth it! If you are looking for this plush to add to your collection, buy now as prices will most likely not go down, but rather up!
Great!!
love them  Picture doesn't do them justice love these dolls my little one does too there big and cuddly
Kids love it!  Got in less time than expected. Kids love it!!!
Such a cute plush for fans of Little Blue  With a light touch, you can activate the beep noise. I was pleasantly surprised that the beep beep beep was an actual horn sound bite versus a squeaker. The bottom of Little Blue is stuff to keep his shape and the rest is soft plush. I am saving this for my son's birthday but I can guarantee he will love it as much as the books. Well done and highly recommended.
A winner!  It was exactly what my son expected. He walked around hugging and stuffing him for days! It's very soft and snugly too.
Love Elmo and so do my grandchildren. He goes to bed with them every nite.
Good buy!  My son loved this!
A+
Perfect all the way around!
gift  I got this as a wedding gift for a friend because I was teasing them about being little glow worms of joy, got a girl one and a boy one and they were tickled to get them.
Love it, so cute!!
Good quality.  Big stuffed animal.  Good quality.
Believe in the Magic  This elf has been the most fun that we have had in a long time.  My child now believes in elves and "Nicki" is now her best friend.  She wrote letters to Nicki and read letters from Nicki the entire month of December. We had so much fun with Nicki that her little brother "Mickey" showed up a week later!! What great memories were created!!
Kirby Plushie!  Ever since the All-star collection came out, I've only gotten Dedede & Kawasaki. but then after a few months later, I decided that I wanted to complete the collection, so I got the rest of the four! and I think this Kirby looks even better than the old Kirby plushie! :}  I think he looks more accurate to the games, like how the other plushie was his anime self. This one has nicely made embroidered eyes, colors, and softness! If you're getting the Kirby All-star collection, I recommend you start off by getting the star here, Kirby!  (-^o^-) You won't be dissapointed. they're all high quality, so these plushies will last you for a long time.
my kid loves it and i HIGHLY recommend this stuffed animal  Large! my kid loves it and i HIGHLY recommend this stuffed animal.
Awesome!  This doll is so beautiful and well made.  I love these girls so much more than the Barbies, Bratz and all the others.  They are soft and the accessories are all very cute.  This one is particularly pretty, and if you have a child who loves ladybugs they will love her.  Her wings are detachable, which is a cute added feature.  I really think these are great dolls for the price.
My 7 year old son was excited to get this plush pokemon character.  Is very well made and soft to the touch.
Great stuffed animal. Very soft fabric easy to personalize
Arrived as promised
Cute little Yoda Bird  This Angry Birds Star Wars Yoda plush is adorable and looks exactly like the picture. It has a button you can press that makes little Yoda sounds just like in the game. This toy was a gift for my son's birthday, and he loved it!
cute little friend for the little ones
Nicest stuffed animal I have purchased in a long while.
soft and cute and delivery was fast very nice addition to my pokemon plush collection  soft and cute and delivery was fast very nice addition to my pokemon plush collection!
We named him Winston
Love how you can switch languages and the volume is awesome! Daughter loves the bear.
Loved, loved the toy  Loved the toy, so did our Grand Daughter.  She made her first visit to the cabin this summer and heard the loons.  I sounded just like the loons we hear at the cabin all summer.
AMAZING  It's amazing!!! It looks a lot like Kirito does in the anime and it's very cute and huggable
Good size--My kids love the grandpa pig  Cute grandpa pig for my library. Ideally I wanted a quiet pig for my library because it sounds annoying, but I got use to it.
Oshawott is a hit  This is a very cute, well made stuffed animal that has made my 6 year old the happiest kid on the block.  I like that it is small in size, as stuffed animal collections can quickly take over a room.  It is small enough to carry for security and companionship, and big enough not to get lost.
Great buy  Its was bigger than I thought Id be that was also a plus
Great  Delivered faster than I thought and was exactly as described. Great servicec
Beauty is personal...  Soft, cuddly, sweet creature that begs the question "what is ugly?" - certainly not this fellow!
I got this to go with the Elmo Alphabet Playset for my toddler. He loves "Elmay". (Still working on that "O" pronunciation.)
Great gift for an Angry Birds Star Wars fan  Got this as a Christmas gift for my nephew (he's 4) and he loved it.  He played with it all day on Christmas.
Perfect match  Perfect!  My daughter got one of these little cats from a wildlife rescue. It is her lovie and we wanted to try and find at least a second one so they could be on a wash rotation. It is a perfect match! I am so happy!
Woody!  Had to buy Woody to go with Buzz They are so cute and colorful good for our almost 2  Buckaroo
Very cute plush doll.
Really love it Mike
Positive! ! +++++ :)  Just as expected! Very happy!
Ice breaker  This toy helps as an ice breaker to the subject of STIs. Students pay attention to the content when they know what the virus looks like.
Awesome gift for a Nintendo fan  It makes a great gift for loved ones too.
Hes adorable !!
Adorable!!!  Nice size
I love the fact that it does alphabets and numbers. Grandson loves it too.
great n happy I found online
Love it!
Perfect Valentine gift for Star Wars fan. !
My daughter absolutely loves these polishes.
I purchased this for my 18 month old granddaughter! She loves Doc McStuffins!
Such a cute toy! Was looking for it for a very long time! Thank you!!!
Great toy! Well packaged! Perfect for a little one, no hard pieces to worry about.
Love my captain road plush toy couldn't want anything else. Fast shipping as well.
Very good quality and so cute  This is the exact one we saw at Disneyland. Very good quality and so cute.
He fell in love with it  My grandson requested this for Christmas. He fell in love with it.
awesome item.....granddaughter loves it
cute  As expected
As advertised  On time and granddaughter loves it. Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z
Daughter loves him!
Arrived secure and on time.
grandson loves it
Awesome condition.  Brand new.
order came promptly, item very well made.  Cutest little thing, made very well, little giel just loved mo-mo!
Great Unit  I am very happy with this unit.  As stated in one of the other reviews you may pay less for other units but I loved the fact the trucking company delivered it and put it in my garage for me.  This is because I have a fairly steep driveway and would have been a pain to move it up there myself.  My unit came completely unscathed from the warehouse but the air filter and retainer housing had somehow become detached and lost along the way.  I called Maxxus and they sent out the replacement parts at no charge.  The unit did come with compressor oil and all the other parts needed except the mounting plates for the floor and whatever you need to wire it up.  All I had to do was bolt it down and wire a plug on to it and then run it for its 30 minute break in.  I should say the paper work and instructions are a little hard to follow as they are for multiple variations of this compressor.  Also my unit did not have the hose hanger that shows on the picture on Amazon but no big deal.  So far it is working like a champ.
Perfect.  I thought they were great...my helpers were a bit annoyed having to stick them on all the Kisses!
For Mario Fans only  Perfect Condition, soft and looks great for my collection
ok como esperado
If your little person is a Star Wars fan, this will be a hit.  This was a gift for my grandson's birthday (I think. Could have been Christmas). He loves it. We babysat him last night, and he proudly showed it off to Papa and GrandNessa. I need to remember to change the batteries, though.
Nice designed plush
Love it!  Adorable saying, love that I can microwave it, & it is just purrfect! I got the item quickly & in perfect condition as well.  The colors are wonderful!
Adorable
Great stuffed dog  My grandmother thought this was her dog! So cute, soft, and very fluffy. Perfect gift for matching with the ABC book I got to go with it.
My great granddaughter couldn't put it down, thank you for your kindness.
Exceeded expectations!! Love it!!  I love it. Was way bigger than expected and was amazed when I opened the package. 200% recommend this product. If you love the movie good dinosaur, you will love this product even more. The neck, and legs have bendable wire in them so you can even bend the neck and legs how you want them, so cool. I love it. I'm a kid at heart, so any child will love this, even if your an adult like me that loves Disney lol.
Great quality, loved it!
Works as described. My 1yo carries it everywhere.
Very cool 5 year old loved it.  Pretty detailed for a stuffed animal.
Real life looking!
Item as described and arrived in a timely manner. Thanks!
Get it!  My 1 yr old loves this buckle whale! We got it for church and car trips. It was much smaller than expected but I like it better that way actually so it doesn't take up a huge space in my bag.
Perfect
Funny and soft.  Very funny product, soft and excellent finish.
My daughter absoluety Loved this stuffed animal! She loves the show and now she carrys Kion around everwhere!!
This little guy moves around easily on our hardwood floors  This little guy moves around easily on our hardwood floors, but struggles a bit on the carpet.  It delivers everything it promised.
Love it!  I love her, she came right on time and she's so beautiful and soft :)
Very cute!  Very cute! As pictured! A fun gift for anyone who really loves Pokmon -- and there are a lot more to collect!
Great quality  Super impressed with this product it is super cute and super soft! Definitely worth it!
So cute  Bought this for my step dad for his birthday. He loves it! It's very soft and so darn cute
DJ Lance Rock 13" Doll for my daughter's birthday!  My daughter absolutely adores this present! It was a little too high-priced, but I could not find the doll anywhere. Regardless, I am excited that I purchased it for her, as she loves it, and it came in emaculate condition!
my kids loved it
really cute and is worth buying.
Perfect gift for a child  Perfect gift for a 5 year old, my son loved it. he plays and sleep with it and so far it has resisted his beating.
Was a nice change from the usual bday gifts of  Got this for a friend who loves KISS.  Was a nice change from the usual bday gifts of flowers
Cute  My son loves fnaf and this bear is adorable  definitely happy with my purchase
Adorable! I wish they were a little softer, but they are still super cute!
Received fast in great condition. Cute fur  So cute with its long arms. Well made. Received fast in great condition. Cute fur. Great transaction.
Grandaughter loved it, she'll be 2 in  It was a big hit. Grandaughter loved it, she'll be 2 in June
perfect size for my daughter to carry around  Cute little plush, perfect size for my daughter to carry around everywhere
Loved it!
Excellent busy toy for toddlers!  Excellent busy toy for toddlers! We bought this to use in the car, and my 2-year-old loves it! He is learning colors, so I tell him which color to buckle, and he will play with it for a good half hour. When he learns the shapes of numbers, we will be able to play even more games with it.
Nephew loved it
Grandson loves it!
Chewie Backpack  I love this backpack! It is so cute. I've taken him to comic con and wore him with my Halloween costume as Han solo. He is a good size. The zip up part can fit an iPad air or kindle with a few other items. I got many compliments on him. He is well made.
Great in price, quality. Product as described, it arrived on time. Surely buy again from this seller.
We love  Keeps my 2 year old busy in times of need. We love it
This was an excellent buy on both price and joy it brought to my children
precious puppy  Adorable little dog. My grandson loves him
Everything as expected
Very cute dolls. My 3 year old loves them and sleeps with them every night 
This is perfect for my new son-in-law and daughter and there two dogs.
A cute Isabelle plush for your collection!  Sanei's reputation once again holds up with this adorable Isabelle plush toy. Her likeness to the game is almost spot-on and she makes an excellent display (or light play for children) item.  What makes this piece stand out is a very surprising addition to detail! The ribbon in her hair has real metal bells (that jingle!) attached to it, you can see the lapel of her undershirt sticking out, there's a little piece of string tied into a bow just under her neck, her shirt isn't pasted to her body, etc. Things like this are what continue to make Sanei's plush toys stick out amongst the crowd and shame your cheaper shelf items.  The downsides - which I must stress are rather minor - to this plush are that she requires something to press her back against to sit-up, and that her design is a sliiiight bit more angular than the Isabelle you see in the game. Aside from that, there's very little to complain about, and I highly recommend her to fans of the series.
Perfect!  Bought this for my little brothers birthday and it came JUST in time!  He loves Yoshi and I was very pleased with this little plush toy!  He adored it and it came very nicely packaged and decently put together.  Very pleased.  Recommended to anyone who likes Yoshi or needs to get a cute little gift for someone!
Great Addition to the Mario Family  I have two boys that absolutely love Mario Brothers. This has been a fantastic addition to their plush set they have been accumulating over the years. One boy saved up his money to buy this and it did not disappoint. It is well made, is a decent size and fit in with his other Mario plushes.
Nice
I love this Good Night Moon Blanky - ordered two for baby gifts along with the book.  They were very well-made, much better than expected.  Precious!
Cute!  Daughter wanted this and she thinks it is perfect!
Love it.!!!!!! cute as can be
Beautiful and cuddly Orca!  I have wanted a stuffed orca for a long time, and Douglas' orca does NOT disappoint! I am extremely pleased with this purchase. She is so soft and cuddly and not stiff or hard at all. Looks just like the picture. Very life like! If you are interested in buying a stuffed orca i would recommend this one....Please do not buy the Seaward orca offered on Amazon! Do not support Seaward buy purchasing this stuffed orca...Douglas' orca is better quality. Also, if would like the support WWF you can purchase their stuffed orca (not as big or as soft as this one) and all the funds go into orca conservation! Overall I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this to anyone!
Kid loved it
Everyone likes him -- so much that my daughter keeps him very safe.
Awesome
It's great!
Kids loved it
Love that its weighted and oh so soft!!  my daughter absolutely LOVES this plush Elmo! I love how soft it is and how its hands, feet, and bum are weighted with beads. It gives the perfect amount of weight when she is lugging it around. she can prop him up, dance with him, snuggle with him etc. he is the perfect size for my 1.5 year old too -  I should buy two!
Plush n Perfect!  Received purchase quickly. Bought for my son as a gift. I was quite please. Though true to size and pic, item was above what I imagined. You won't  be disappointed with this Pokemon plush.  Definitely rate this a 5 Star item and transaction.
Charming
It was great. Everybody from new parents to relatives were happy with it. Maybe down the road the newborn, by the way named "Fox", will have a keepsake.
Good size great quality!  We were about to check the mailbox and then the package came! And I love it! I expected it to be smaller but it's still great!
Lovely Doll  These plush dolls are very popular with my granddaughter, and Snow White is one of her favorites.  This doll is dressed just like the movie princess, and is beautiful.
Excellent for display purposes - Good value for the money  I am planning for a Christmas presentation involving children and adults. This is exactly what I have been looking for. It is very cute and cuddly. My wife just loves it and wanted to keep it for herself. I may have to order more of them. The front legs have to be spread apart a little for 'Rudolph' to stand up, not fall sideways. From the way it looks, it will not stand up to the hard use and rough handling by toddlers or small children. That is ok by me as it will serve primarily for display purposes. You can't beat it for the money.
great color  i love him
Happy  My 1 year grandson loves this!
Granddaughter loves her new dog!  This stuffed Pug really is soft & plush. My granddaughter loves it, and carries it everywhere.
A huge holiday hit!
Perfect size doll.
Excellent.  Our daughter loves her Goofy.
Exactly what is pictured.  What you see is what you get.  The wings are poseable, as mentioned in the product description.  It looks great, and my daughter is having a blast "flying" Toothless around the house.  My only concern is that the wire inside of the wings may give out over time *keeping my fingers crossed for the best* but otherwise you can't go wrong with this little dragon.
Love  Was fast delivery. Love it
He's so cute and my son adores him
good
This is very cute, nice size, and comes with a mini Kuro-sensei you stick into onto car windows
It was perfect.
My God Son's new best friend!!!
love the resistance to adhesives
So much fun!  This is the best toy! My grandson (2 year old) loves unbuckling and buckling the straps. The toy is well made and engaging. I am looking forward to buying some of the other buckle toys. I will definitely make sure this is on my list of toys for gifts.
Perfect!  It's very huggable and a great quality plushie--I definitely recommend it! The chubbiness of it also made it bigger than expected for me, which is a plus~
My friend loves it.
1 stich problem but relly good
LOVE this toy!  LOVE this toy!  Our daughter sleeps with it every night and sits with it every morning listening to the music.  This has also become our travel friend so she has something from home when she is sleeping in the pack-n-play at a hotel or family/friend's houses.  Great gift!
My son loves his chupacabra!
LOVE FURBY!  I bought the Furby for my nephew for Christmas and he's going to absolutely love it!  Fun to play with and interactive, while also looking cute.  I know he wanted this specific one because it looked like a superhero to him (he's 4!).
Adorable, great party favors  Adorable,great party favors!
My daughter just LOVES this.
Birthday gift for my daughter. She loves it. Very soft & arrived quickly.
My granddaughter loves this.  It is really cute in person.  She cuddles with it. :)
Perfect delivery!! And they are too cute!!! Can't wait to use them as my party favors!!
I had one of these from my honeymoon with my ex-husband. With the new movies coming out, my mom told me about how she loves the Ewoks. I instantly came here to Amazon to see if I could find it, and was surprised that a park item was available. I ordered it, and she absolutely loves it. It's soft, and snuggly as I remember.
Happy little princess....  3rd birthday, and she was thrilled. Very happy little princess with her Frozen playmates. Thx!
BIg Hit  My family had refused to discuss this thing because everyone was Angry Birds Overwhelmed (except the kids this was intended for) and when this got opened up the Angry Bird Fatigue evaporated and people were once more enamored.  LOL!
love it!  Perfect size, super soft and cuddly, my son loves it! Shipping was fast! I will have to get another for my niece!
Adorable and soft! Great size for the price.
It has very fun stitching on it  This is just what my son wanted. It has very fun stitching on it. Overall good quality.
Adorable!
Awesime  The seller was very quick in response to questions I had about the product. Also the assured me I would receive the item before my wedding which they did. The glasses look awesome. I can't wait to give them to my groomsman. Thanks again.
gotta love Olaf  So cute and cuddly and lives warm hugs
Super cute!  This was so cute, I was very pleased. It's exactly what I expected and the person who received it, loved it!
Great
wonderful toy  Daughter loves it
my niece loved it!  Lovely doll, my niece loved it!
Great design and materials
... "Princess of Beverly Hills" dog and this looks just like it. Great product  Saw the real "Princess of Beverly Hills" dog and this looks just like it.  Great product.  My kids can't put this down.
Dogs (and cats) love it!  Dogs love it.  The cats actually play with it more than the dogs do.  The sound worked just fine.  Good quality if you don't have a dog that likes to destroy anything that gets into its mouth!  Nice to have a set so I can distribute them all over the house (upstairs and downstairs and basement).
I put in my bedroom... Made my room looks much nicer
Love My Rocket  i bought this dog for my grandson and the book ,the dog is so adorable mine was so soft and plush i fell in love with him.im sorry the above purchaser wasn't happy with the dog. Maybe she got a reject one
My New Riding Buddy!  This Pikachu is so cute; he became my new riding buddy. He is well made and looks like he will hold up for a very long time. He is very soft, and large. The attention to detail they used when making this one is remarkable. I'm extremely happy with this one, and may buy one for my kids as well.
Great buy!  Great little gift to teach toddlers some basic lessons.
It is great and my 20 month old baby boy loves it.
He looks so real!  My grandson loves him! We named him Carl, like Carl the Rottweiler book.
A birthday gift for my grandson. He loves it!
Order came as promised and animal was cute!
Great toy!  My 1 year old daughter became obsessed with buckling everything in house, from the buckles on my backpack, her stroller, highchair to my husband's Tevas. Also, I needed a toy to occupy her time during our 5 hour flight to CA. This is the perfect toy for kids who enjoy buckles and are very patient and focused on putting them together.
plush Potato  Soft and Awesome. He goes with us everywhere. My 18 month old loves Toy Story.  Toy Story toys are hard to find in stores but EASY to find on Amazon.
Goes perfectly with the plush Dory.... my 2 year old is in plush heaven with those two!!!
Perfect grad gift for a stitch lover  Made my daughter smile from ear to ear!  Perfect grad gift for a stitch lover
Excellent & very well made toy  Excellent & very well made toy.  My son & daughter LOVE their Tummy Stuffer's.  My daughter got the pink Cat & loves it.  Sooo soft & they can fit soo many things into them.  We know where to look when things go missing!  lol  Great buy for price.
Thank you!  Thank you!
Great  He's a lot larger than expected. Great deal
Great Item!  my daughter recently starting liking domo and i was looking for the perfect item to get her started. this was it. the price was great and great for my daughters. the domos are very well made, soft and fuzzy. they have held up so far. weve had them about a month. they are super cute. i would recommend them to any domo fan.
My daughter is on a Narwhal jag and was delighted with this stuffed/plush Narwhat  My daughter is on a Narwhal jag and was delighted with this stuffed/plush Narwhat.  I suppose it can't be avoided but his tusk was bent in shipping.  Its OK now, just a little askew, but I think it should have come in a longer box and the tusk wrapped to keep from bending.
It's so soft and looks just like the movie version. My nephews carries him everywhere.
I love it and can't wait to add it to my collection. I'm happy with my purchase
It will keep you laughing
It's huge, it's puffy, it's fluffy.
Great SQEX gear, love this little plushie!
Love them.
love it!!
Cute  Bought for our grandson.  Cute.  It came in it's factory seal package.
Awesome doll for toddler!  Such a cute creative toy. Wish there was a snap like the one i had when i was little but otherwise it is perfect! Colors are bright and he is built nice and sturdy. Great learning toy. Love how its a doll boys can play with. Highly recommend!
very good
Good quality.
Great quality
From all the No Face plush this was my favorite, it's super soft and stands well on its own, highly recommend it to any Spirited Away fan !
Safe and Cuddly  Safe for babies and extra cuddly.
we all have fun with this toy
Fantastic service and a beautiful product.
Good quality and my toddler loves it
My sister love it. Now she can put it in her room or her bed when she go to sleep :)
Larger than expected!
Daughter loves the ball...  We had initially bought the ball as we thought our 6 month old would like eating the tags and help with her fine motor skills, however she loves doing the above in addition to waving the ball in the air.  It is a great size (quite large), soft and really helps with gross and fine motor skills.
Love very much already! True to size, color, picture, etc... Can answer any questions about product!
Cute Sulley  Ordered this for my new grandson.  Sulley meets all expectations, colors coordinate with his nursery, he's soft, he's cute, he's large, and he'll be tons of fun to play with.  And yes, he always lands on his feet.
Great tool for storytelling  Cute and cuddly for all ages. My nephew loves it. Great tool for storytelling.
Showed up exactly as ordered and when promised!  Nothing to dislike here. This was a gift and it thrilled the recipient. Perfect!
Great for my two year old twin niece's!
Great first puppy  Very cute and soft. My son loves boo. He sleeps with him and has to have him near throughout the day.
Best plushie ever. So beautifully designed despite being small.
Grandson loved it.
So cute
Recommend   Very happy with product. My kid loved her. Very nice material. Very soft. Very pretty. Delivery on time. Thank you!
Adorable & great gift!!!!
Excellent item  Excellent item, extremely fast shipping too!
Grandson loved it!
I LOVE TO HUUUUUUUUUUUG IT!!!  HE IS SO FLUFFY I LIKE TO HUG HIM BUY HIM YOU WILL NOT REGRET SORRY I LIKE CAPS GOODBYE BUY HIM BYE HIM PLEASE SORRY
great
AWESOME!!!!!!  I bought this one and winger for my son and he LOVES them!!!! They are soooooo soft I wish they had a bigger selection I want to start his collection
He is very happy with the purchase  My son loves his ender drangon. He is very happy with the purchase.
My granddaughter loves this
My child loves this toy!!!!
Great present  Came in timely fashion and adorable, what more can I say? Adventure Time is a great franchise and any teen would love a gift from this show!
Great KH plushie  Bought this for a friend for his birthday. Came on time, and recommend it!
Love It~  I love this so much. I absolutely love Gaara and this is just amazing. Its high quality and matches Gaara perfectly.(Not Naruto Shippuden)
VTech Cora Smart Cub  My 6 month old loves this.  It will be even better as she gets older.  Very nice that it comes with USB adapter for downloading information to personalize the toy.
My kids love it!  Really cute and really soft! My kids love it!
Love it  I have him in the grand kids room and they love it.  It is so soft and cuddly.  Thanks so much
My mom loved it. It looks like Chewbacca  Thank you so much. My mom loved it. It looks like Chewbacca. Thank ya. Love ya!!!!!!
Perfect!  My daughter LOVES Peppa Pig and this George doll was the perfect gift. She loves him very much. He is very well made and even does well in the washer and drier. Thank you!
Cute!
This was a gift for my great grandson. I think he liked it.
Just what I wanted  That was the exclamation from my four year old grandson when he opened this for his birthday. It add him a very happy birthday boy. He keeps his Beanie Boos in it plus other treasures four year olds collect.
Soft and cuddly plush toy  I bought this plush cookie monster to replace the one we lost and my 4 year old never knew the difference!  It arrived promptly and in excellent condition.  This toy is very soft and cuddly, my son does NOT go to bed without it.  Great price, great product. Highly recommend this seller.
I love it!!
GREAT TOY  This was a Christmas gift for my grandson. He didn't put it down the rest of the day. He had so much fun with it that we had to replace the batteries the next day. What a great toy.
Great deal!!!!
Lovely  Such a loving little fellow, little Elmo is, and this toy is every bit as sweet and squishy and lovely!
Love Geogre, love Peppa and love these stuffies.  My daughter loves peppa pig shows. She was extremely happy when i gave them to her Peppa and George came in a clean separated bag. They are very very soft. She plays with them everyday and until now there is no hole from the stiches yet. Although i thought they would be a bit taller, but they fit perfectly in a 2 y.o. hands ( no complaint). I totally recommend this products for peppa pig fan
cute  This toy is so cute..
happy with it  Very cute, wish I could have got a smaller version, I didn't realize it was this large cause I didn't look at the size.  But, is still nice.
Perfect size for a toddler  My daughter loves it and refuses to let go of it.  Not too big, and not too small for a toddler.
Cute little pups my niece enjoys them
My grandson sleeps with elmo and loves his singing.
Vocaloid Fans Will Love This Toy  I purchased this plush for my daughter, who is an extreme Vocaloid fan. She loves it - won't put it down. Comes with the all important Miku "leek", and my daughter can't say enough about the authentic costuming and super soft plushy hair. No complaints from my daughter, and I was "Super Mom" for at least a week!
enderdragon minecraft  it was biggger than we were expect, my son is happy he really was surprised! everything the material is just okay.
Adorable but a little small  My daughter absolutely loves it. It's very small for the price but of nice quality and perfect for my toddler.
Great  Grandson loves it. It looks just like Goofy on his favorite show.
Smaller then expected but but nice
Furbies are kind of creepy BUT...  My eight year old only asked for a Furby for Christmas. Nothing else. This one has fur that looks like owl feathers and since she's also a huge Harry Potter fan, this was perfect. It's managed to hold her attention for over a month so far and while I think it's kind of creepy that she talks to the thing like it's alive, AND IT TALKS BACK, we aren't worried so far about the evil it might possess. Her personality hasn't changed or anything so probably not demon possesed. We're keeping an eye on it in case it starts moving on its own but so far, so good. She downloaded the app on my tablet and that seems to still be working ok, too.
Adorable and perfect for a shelf.
Came right on time and in perfect condition. Love it  Its such a cute bunny! Came right on time and in perfect condition. Love it!
My child loved it.
Great value for such a fun toy  Great value for such a fun toy!  This quickly became the stuffed animal of choice for my 4 year old who loves Phineas and Ferb.  I think the Perry noise is pretty accurate, too.  The fur is also really soft, and he's a great size for my son to carry and snuggle with.
Absolutely adorable!
Daughter loved it!
Wonderful service and amazing product.
Pikachu favorite Pokemon character  I liked the quality of this product. I loved the fact the plush looked just like it does in the picture Thanks Amazon.com for referring.
very nice, my son loves it!  good quality
This is beautiful and very well made. We are very happy with the product.
I love it, it is adorable.
Santa Claus (CVS) the Red Nosed Reindeer Plush  Love it, I had collected the entire set back when it first came out, but, my son loved it and displays it for the holidays.  I miss it and am starting another collection for myself this time.  Brings back so many memories of watching Rudolph with my kids and collecting the figures. Came fast, very pleased.
Extremely Pleased!  I ordered these as back-ups because my Grandson just Loves his Monkey!  They arrived sooner than expected and I couldn't be happier.  Thank You!
Son likes it  My son was 18m when I got this for him as a Xmas gift. He loves Monsters Inc and he still carries it around (6months later) roaring at us with it every once in a while.
I'm Happy  I bought Koopa for my son as a Christmas gift.  He is so cute!  I'm sure he's gonna love him.  He arrived in no time at all.  He looked exactly how he was pictured.  I'm very pleased.
This is a perfect size. Not overwhelming for a young child  This is a perfect size. Not overwhelming for a young child. He loves the singing of the ABC's.  So happy I bought it.
very well pleased  I very well pleased with item and it works very well. I have told many of  my friends about it.
Our grandson loved it!  Perfect sleeping companion for a two year old.
Super Soft. 100% Authentic  Super Soft. 100% Authentic. Adorable!! Bought for sons birthday. Yeah,  its pricey!  When this is what your child wants for their birthday present...it's better to pay the price to get the hard to get  authentic one.
great big bitd  Its big and fluffy, hoping he had a noise maker as my son calls it. It did not have the noise box in it to make it make the bird noise but still wonderful n made great.
Arrived on time and in great shape with all original tags.
Ben & Holly  My daughter couldn't wait to play with holly.
good size and stands up on its own! great to display on a shelf or desk
bigger than hot topics  Great gift got it for my gf after we saw one at hot topic for 16 dollars, happy I bought this one, it's bigger and way better
Cute
looks like the picture and its nice and soft. My daughter loves her panda so happy mom
PERFECT!  My daughter is obsessed with her Little Giraffe blankies.  When I saw this I just had to get it.  She's still very young and hasn't "attached" to a stuffed animal yet.  But I have a feeling all of that will change after Christmas this year!
Great Product. Just wished it came in a box
Fantastic Otis  I liked Otis because he was cute.  The kids and the teachers liked him.  He was a good addition to the book and read for the record day.
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Amazing
Appealing and fun toy  Bot rounds out the set of three umi character toys that my three year old grandson received for his birthday.  He loves them.  They are well made, easily cleaned, and a big hit with him!
love to dance w mouse  this mouse is great. organic cotton on the outside and a natural fiber on the inside. it's large -- about as tall as my 6 month old. She enjoys it. it's a great value for a large plush toy that isn't polyester
... gift for my sons 2nd birthday and it's his favorite thing ever  Got it as a gift for my sons 2nd birthday and it's his favorite thing ever. The 19" is from the tip of his bill to the end of his tail, so it seemed a little small to me but it fits my son perfectly. I'm considering getting another as a backup just in case something ever happens to it.
Adorable, soft, sweet.  Your child will cherish.  I bought each of my daughter one of these little bunnies at the age of 2, and they both absolutely adore them.  Their bunnies, or "Fluffy" as we call them, are definitely one of their most cherished childhood toys.
Kids love it!
My girlfriend loves it!
Easy for toddler to make the noise  Bought this for my 3 year old nephew.  He loves it.  Very easy for him to push the button to make the sound.  It's larger than I thought, too, which is nice.
My friends son loved this toy and loves wrestling
Adorable! Our granddaughter loved it!!
perfect!  He is a wondeful soft quality and looks like he came straight out the movie!
Love this guy!  He's so great! Way better than I expected. Love his clothes and his texture. Wonderful quality.
kids love these
Toothless  It is small but not too small. You can shape the wings to anyway that you want. It was pretty neat.
Glad to receive what I expected  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TOMY-Pokmon-Small-Plush-Pikachu/dp/B00TV402ZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TOMY Pokmon Small Plush, Pikachu</a> The cute lil 6 inch pikachu met my expectations and wasn't a cheap copy. It had the TOMY company's tag too and feels legit too. Satisfied with the gift i bought.
Good size.. Looks just like the picture and my son loves  foxy
Completed my set
Great buy!
Don't get soggy and limp  These work great to save on dishes, very sturdy won't get soggy and limp like other plates.
Good buy!  It's a hit with all of my kids. Good buy!
Very Adorable!   I bought this plush for my 12th birthday a few years ago. This plush may be a bootleg, but this is very well made for an unofficial plush toy. This Vaporeon is very soft and huggable. This was my first Eeveeloution plush alongside my Leafeon Pok Doll. At first, I thought this plush was going to have the colors that the one has in the picture, but that's not bad. Vaporeon is one of my favorite Water type Pokemon, and I was so happy to receive this plush in the mail!
Cute Dory  You gotta love Dory! Very cute addition to my stuffed animals!
MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT
Great way to develop eye hand coordination  Keeps my busy 1 year old distracted for at least 5 minutes at a time. Great way to develop eye hand coordination. Horrible way to teach them how to unbuckle shopping cart seats
Love it
Adorable!  This Vaporeon plushie is super adorable! I have him on display in my house because its so cute! He has a hard time standing up on his own as a fun display item so you may have to spread his leggies a little or prop him up against something, otherwise you can use the suction cup to hang him in your car!
Excellent purchase. It came in right on time and looks exactly like it does in the picture. The material used is suuuuuuper soft and is really nice to just touch. I was a little concerned that it arrived in a bag instead of a box, but Pumpkaboo was not damaged in the slightest.
These are extra large plates and very sturdy.  Arrived on time. These are extra large plates and very sturdy.
Thanks!
Niece loved it!!  Was a Christmas gift for my niece and she loved it!!  She gave a scream when she opened it.  She will really enjoy it.
My wife fell in love with this guy  My wife fell in love with this guy. He's very soft and adorable. He arrived earlier than predicted as well.
I'm in love!  It's amazing and I love it soooooo much!!! It's so cute!!!
Beautiful doll  Beautiful doll
So beautiful!!
Will buy again....
Cool  I got this doll when I was obsessed with the sugar freak lol It's cool, but my friends think it looks creepy! Whatever. I dropped it a couple times and it still survived. The jeans and shirt feel like the real material. I would recommended buying this if you love Death Note.
He is so cute
Excellent deal...cheaper then anywhere else, came ASAP.  Excellent deal...cheaper then anywhere else, came ASAP. would definitely re-order from them again. It came as shown in the picture. My son got it for exchanging gifts at school. He was very impressed, it was quality made and not junky or of poor quality.
Perfect
My grandson love him
Great quality! Looks just like Kyle on the movie.
My daughter loved it!  The doll was exactly as described.  Coupled with Amazon's customer service, this was an awesome buy!
But soon my Evee settled down into suburban bliss and is now best friends with my wifes Growlithe  My Evee arrive well packaged but struggling to get out, and a little grumpy after the long journey. Beware of that! But soon my Evee settled down into suburban bliss and  is now best friends with my wifes Growlithe.
Real Disney Peas  Perfect! These are the real Disney brand and not a knock off. They have the airbrushed rosey cheeks and are well made! So happy.
Adorable  These stuffed characters are absolutely adorable and my 11 month old son absolutely loved them ! They are soft and well worth the price.
Wendy!!!  Our 7-year old daughter was thrilled to get this for Christmas and completely surprised as the Disney store has been out of them for quite a while.
Glad I got the studio ghibli one  Very high quality. I am SOO  glad I bought the real one, and not a knock off. I didn't even know there was such a difference in quality possible. I wish every plush maker had this quality. GREAT PRODUCT!
Good choice  This stuffed animal is adorable and already loved by my granddaughter.  It was an excellent purchase.
Great
Adorable  Adorable, fun to collect, a great buy
A gift.  A birthday gift. Granddaughter likes it
... this for my niece for Christmas and it was perfect.  Bought this for my niece for Christmas and it was perfect.
Great toy half the cost at amusement park
SO KAWAII  Came In 1 week after order, said it would take a month. It's fluffy and soft, Highly recommend for eevee fans.
Excellent toy for stable toddlers  These buckets are fantastic for children who are stable on their feet - I would not give these to babies not able to walk and stand comfortably or just learning to walk/cruise, because they can fall on them and though won't get seriously injured most likely, it would hurt (and might crack the plastic).  They are rated for 18 months+ for this reason no doubt.  Excellent toy, my older (4 yo) daughter also likes to use the buckets individually for carrying/organizing things as if she's shopping, etc.
It speaks  We love our Yoda.
The voice is not exactly like the character's but its okay  The voice is not exactly like the character's but its okay, the kids won't really notice it if they are under 5 years old.  Good size for my 1 and half year old.  Good purchase, it would of costed more at a department store.
Son sleeps with it every nite  My son isn't usually attached to blankets or stuffed animals, but he loves his elmo.  Mommy and daddy love it because it's soft, has no hard parts that can come off (the eyes, nose and mouth are all soft) as is the fur.  We ordered a second and third one just incase and now rotate between the three of them.  We throw elmo in the wash and dryer - I don't know if that's recommended, but you should note it changes his fur.  My son doesn't seem to mind, but his fur is now matted and is not fluffy and soft like how it was when we first got it.  Totally not a deal breaker, but it is notable in that pieces of lint, etc do get stuck in there.  Perfect size for a toddler (he's 2) and it's just the right size for him to hold him (he holds his head) and it fits perfectly in his arms.  Elmo is also pretty durable, as he has withstood being thrown multiple times
Gorgeous  My elf is adorable, bigger than I thought so well worth the money. My grand daughter is going to just love trying to find where he's hiding each day next Christmas. Can't wait. Thank you so much.
Perfect!  Bought these for my eight year old autistic grandson who had been  watching the three little pigs puppet shows for weeks.  I also bought him a big bad wolf puppet to go with this.  He absolutely loves them!
He is adorable! Great craftsmanship, plush
Great value and received on time
Mostly perfect  It was so cute and it was somewhat better than the picture it was exactly what I wanted . There is only one issue the cracks on the egg body kind of cover up the mouth but I just tuck them down and it's perfect
We are big Pete the Cat fans.  My two year old got this plush Pete and the Pete the Kitty book for Valentines Day and has slept with it every night since.
... a massive Spirited away fan and one of her favorite characters is "No face"  My daughter is a massive Spirited away fan and one of her favorite characters is "No face". She is absolutely going to freak out when she opens this on Christmas morning! :D  It is very soft,plush and looks exactly like the picture. I will be buying more from this seller.
CUTIE PIE!  I LOVE this cutie! Got this for a birthday present and it's been one of my favs ever since!
My grand daughter was disappointed because  it do not talk, but love it anyway.
Grandson  loves it
look exactly like the image  Too cute; look exactly like the image.
Adorable  This was given to me as a gift and she's adorable! She looks just like Isabelle from the game. She's small but that's not a bad thing.  I love her! Great plush for any Isabelle fan. :) Also, the bells on her head jingle. c:
Order it!!!!  This is great! Says cute phrases from the movie! Sound is clear and not to loud! Perfect. Kids love it.  Would buy again for sure! Perfect size, hair is great and easy for kids to play with! Buy it!!
You must touch the scratch off ticket while that beautiful sound fills your soul with hope  This wand has changed my luck. I just couldn't win even one dollar on my "loose change" scratch offs! Times have been hard since all the gals have given up on finding prince charming. I have been trying to survive on Medicare, so now I am forced to subsidize my income with scratch offs. My wand only facilitates turning ill willed dames into tomorrow's princesses and a pumpkin into a coach. But now I have the Abby Cadabby wand, which has magically change my luck! You must touch the scratch off ticket while that beautiful sound fills your soul with hope! Voila! My luck has turned and I'm now going to use it to win big at BINGO!
The real thing not fake
Such a Cute plush  Such a cute plush. His clothes do come off, but he's so much cuter with them on. He's soft. My daughter loves him.
Cute.
Nice quality!
LOVE THEM!!!!  I couldn't be happier, my 1 year old loves them, they are great sturdy material and came just how they look in the picture.
AMAZING! I got this for my wife  AMAZING!  I got this for my wife.  She loves it so much!  It looks exactly like the movie.  It is a little pricy but it's really worth it
Perfect little stuffed toy  Great little Elmo, basic stuffed toy, which is what I wanted.
Daughter loves it!
Super cute  Super cute jellyfish! Music is loud but can be muffled-- as other reviewers have stated. Music lasts a few minutes and is super relaxing paired with the ambient lights. A must buy for a baby that loves underwater noises !
Adorable  Love, love, love! On my bed with the rest of my horror plushies :D
It is very soft and has been the perfect size for her  Our daughter loves this stuffed animal. It is very soft and has been the perfect size for her.  Out of all of her stuffed animals this is the one she selected to be her closest "friend."  It has been through countless washes and on many trips.  We have two of these just to make sure if one is in the wash another one is available!
Good Plushie for anyone to get.  The plushie was really well made the fiber was soft to the touch and the entire plush was extremely well done. The only criticism I can really give it is that the tail feels like it can come off really easily but no tear or worn was been made on the tail yet though.
Love it, love it  Love it, love it. Its totally cute. Fast shipping too. Great seller!!! Responds quickly. Will definitely buy it again. Probably soon. :-)
Chelsea's favorite toy  My granddaughter's no. # request for Christmas was a Caillou doll. I was very pleased with how quickly I received the doll, the way it was packed, and how well made it was.
My daughter loved it! Perfect for the mermaid loving girl!
My granddaughter will love it!!
perfect  i can only find positive to say regarding this!! product came in perfect condition. easy transaction and perfect shipping. thanks! my son loved his christmas present!!
My grand daughter will love it.
Wonderfully Cuddly Snowman  This snowman goes with Raymond Briggs DVD "The Snowman"  He is nice and squishy.  Kids love to hold him, especially while watching the DVD or having the story read to them.  Good quality!  A very soft toy.
Worth the money  I bought this for my toddler and he loves it! He takes Bing Bong everywhere he goes.
Gund Baby Spunky Plush Puppy  Got it for a first birthday present for my granddaughter. She loved it and still does. Plays with it every morning when she wakes up.
Cutie chibi peapod!  Cute. Nice quality. Each pea is about the size of a racquet ball.
cute
Super Cute and were a hit in my sons 4th birthday Party goodie bag!! The kids are wearing them on their backpacks!! Super cute!
Bad Kitty Doll  I teach Second Graders and they love Bad Kitty and the Bad Kitty stories.  Kitty has been a welcome addition to our stories and we can also dress kitty in different hats and costumes to go with the stories.
Christmas Wish List Hit!  My middle son wrote out his holiday wish list before Labor Day had even rolled around (he's nothing if not efficient and organized! :)), and the first item on his list read "Five Nights at Freddy's plushes". I immediately panicked, unsure of where to find OFFICIALLY LICENSED items that wouldn't break the bank.  I was super-excited to find this Foxy plush (as well as Freddy and Bonnie, which I also ordered), and after a moment's consideration and a bit of research, all three of my son's favorite FNAF characters were ordered.  My package arrived quickly--less than a week turnover time, including shipping--and I was REALLY pleased when I opened the box to find three plushes in mint, original boxes wrapped carefully in clear plastic. The animals look really nice and seem to be well-made. They are decently-sized; their description accurately noted their 10-inch sizes, so I wasn't expecting anything larger.  Were the plushes pricey? Maybe. But I knew how much I was paying for them when I placed my order, so there's no issue with that. I personally feel that they are worth the price; the smile on my son's face will be well worth the cost!  This item arrived from a top-notch seller. You can buy with confidence, and if you are looking for a Christmas morning hit, this is it.  (Santa will NOT be getting the credit for this, by the way. Lol. Dad and I are taking ALL of the glory ;))
Omg this can't get any more adorable.
Grandma did good....  Grandson LOVE LOVE this character......I'm holding off giving him the Charizard for a few weeks.
cute  Looks a little different from the  picture and from the other Mocona, I bought both as pair but the white looks bigger and fatty than the black one and it is not the same brand. But the quality is good and is cute, but still not the same brand.
Yes!! Awesome!  It took a while for me to get this in the mail but I ended up giving it to my boyfriend for valentines day. He LOVED it. It's his favorite Pokemon and it's really nice, too. I recommend this product.
grandson loved it
Great Buy  My son wanted a stuffed Alligator and we looked at a lot of them. But I have to say for the price and the size this was a good value. The detail of the markings exceeded expectations. But most importantly he loves the toy. He takes it with him everywhere, even when we run an errand. I cannot ask for more than that out of a purchase. If you are looking for a stuffed alligator this is the one to buy.
I thut I saw a puddy cat !  just what I wanted !
For my grandson  Can't wait to give it to my grandson for Christmas!
My son loves his Manny doll......  A great "doll" for my son. He has an older sister, so he wants to have a doll of his own to play with.
Sweet  My teen granddaughter as a joke wanted a rainbow llama....she is happy and that is what matters....Very soft and cute...shipping took forever, but I was aware of that when I ordered.
Happy 5 year old  Product is perfect and great price. Will do business again
Great gift for my niece; she loves it!  No problem with shipping and handling from Amazon Prime: thank you!
Great gift  My grand daughter has decided this is her favorite, she wants itvany where she goes.  I would recommend it to any one with little ones
Great for gifts for birthday parties
disney the princess and frog prince naveen as frog plush toy  great product...purchased as a gag gift for my daughter and it made her day.  it was just as described and more
Used with my Pokemon Cosplay and everyone loved it, build quality was great  Arrived on time. Used with my Pokemon Cosplay and everyone loved it, build quality was great!
apple big pig  This is a cute jumbo apple plush pig red apple hat and shirt green apple stem so big and cute great gift price and delivery
Perfect for my little grandson  Absolutely darling! High-quality plush. Very realistic. Perfect for my little grandson!
Great product  LOVE THIS! It's exactly what it says it is. Arrived on time. Recommend.
So GOOD  Good doll, best doll, is a little bit smaller than I expected, but is still so good. nice good excellent
Nemo Rocks  My son's eyes lit up when he opened this on christmas. He has Nemo at the foot of his bed and is glad when Nemo watches over him at night
My dog keeps trying to eat it... what the heck? He goes out of his way to find it.
Hilarious!  The toy is hilarious and my 4 year old son loves it.  He is delayed and is still able to press on Sulley to make the noises but it looks like he's doing CPR lol!  Sulley makes a jiggling sound when shook so my son also loves that he can make noises without having to press his spot.  The voice is spot on for the movie character.
My dog loves it!
High quality Pikachu! Thank you seller!
Really soft and adorable  I recieved the purple minion today and my children just love him, he is really soft and was sent way before the expected arrival date.  Im really impressed with quality, better then what i have seen in the stores.
Nicely made, good price, great Totoro smile  We love Totoro in our house. This is just a terrific pillow-sized Totoro, great for hugging any time.
very happy with my  Delivered timely and in fit the description. very happy with my order
Awesome toy.  I bought it for my cousin and he loved it...and so did his dad whose name is also Mario and he actually thought it to be funny. ( I had forgotten about his name being Mario).
Very cool and fun my 7y/o loves it.  Its a short fur plush, soft but not fuzzy. The rattle could be louder but my 7 y/o loved it.
We had to buy two!!!  Such a cute blanket and toy... My daughter won't leave home without him :-) We bought an extra just for back up.
Extremely Beautiful!  I honestly thought this product wasn't going to be the best quality; however, it was very good! Actually more than good, it was AMAZING! The toy is SO SO SO soft and it is white as snow. My little brother enjoys the wings and the face as they are very soft. Overall, if you are looking for a pokemon plush worth the 24$ Buy this one. Very tall and soft. If only pokemon would make all their plushies this good in quality. As of now, we are on the hunt for a Zerkon with the same quality but we haven't succeeded yet.
so soft...  Cute and cuddly!
Good Quality and Size  Plushie arrived on time and was ever so slightly bigger than I expected it to be (it's a good size).  The clothes have a lovely design, which includes the ends of the tailcoat hanging down the back.  His head is a little bit bigger (and longer) than I expected, but all in all, he is a pretty decent plushie (and a very cute one).  I love him.
Asuna Plush  I'm a huge SAO fan and I love all of the little anime plushes. This is exactly what I expected it to be. Very happy with my purchase!
Wonderful  When my Angel plush arrived she was in perfect condition. I am very happy with my purchase. I would definitely buy from Winnies Wonderful World again.
RAINBOW DASH!!!!  This Rainbow Dash is an amazing plush, and I is nice and firm, I'm doesn't flop over, or fall to the ground. I would buy this again! What a happy daughter!
Amazon delivery sevice  Always ten stars 
Came as described and fast!
This is the cutest elephant and really soft
love it!
Perfect item
Great puppet  If your little one likes Sonic puppets, you have to buy this.  It looks just as pictured.  The detail, colors, and fabric are great.  My daughter and nephews play with these puppets every day and take them on road trips.
I love it  Met my expectations and Then some
AMAZING TOY:  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED  I highly recommend all of the Little Thinker dolls.  I have the Einstein, Mozart and Buddha dolls for my two year old daughter and she loves them!  I love them too!  They are excellent alternatives to the typical doll that you can't teach much about.  These dolls have explanations about who they are and what they did and open up a dialogue for you and your child to discuss history and fun facts!  It helps to educate your child at an earlier age, or they are even great for older kids to enjoy.  I know my daughter is too young now, but I look forward to explaining to her one day the amazing accomplishments of Einstein and telling her all of the neat facts about him.  Her mind will be blown that this is a doll she has been loving all of her life and he represents this very interesting man in history.  They are all durable, and soft toys as well.  I am also glad to be able to give her another gender toy to love.  I couldn't be happier!
Best gift ever!  My daughter absolutely loved it...she says it was her best gift ever!! Very soft and cuddly, she uses it to re-create movie scenes but also as her favorite stuffed animal
Must Buy My Own  They are awesome. Every single one. All together.
Cute!  Cute!
he loves this!
Don't listen to the bad reviews, great toy!  We bought this for our son's 2nd bday and had no problem with it at all.  Just connect the enclosed USB to your computer and insert disk, very easy.  It takes you step by step through child's name, favorite animal, foods, schedule, etc.  Very fun and my son loves it.  We do too!  So disregard the bad ratings and go for it!  Highly recommend this toy!
Adorable and soft.  My daughter's new favorite stuffy.
Super cute doll!!  It was exactly what I was lookig for. My two year old niece really likes it!
Bought this for my 1 year old so cute! Lights up and plays music
Adorable  Very Cute!  My daughter loves all of the Llama Llama books so this is perfect.  It's now her favorite "baby".
Just right!  So cute and adorable for the 2 year old that loves all things elmo. The sound is good and size is right for my 2 year old to tote around this colorful elmo.
Great gift for a toddler  Cute horse.
Take off DEMO mode    Price Point: 4.5/5   Quality/Durability: 5/5   Need: 3/5   Recommendation/Giftable Factor: 5/5   Overall: 4.5/5   Who needs this: Kid who likes dolls, need for music/nightlight for sleeping   The bottom line: First off you should know you can change the time it glows/sings. This should be a lot easier to get to and know. The worm is very soft but the face that glows is rock hard. The music and nightlight are perfect for bedtime comfort. It is a battery hog, which is expected so be sure to invest in rechargeable batteries.
Arrived in good time, item exactly as described.  Grandson loves it, and price was considerably less than local retail.
Wonderful  I collect owl merchandise and this is perhaps my favorite of the many stuffed owls I have bought. It's not quite as detailed as some of the others you can find on Amazon, but it's more than most and the details it does have just have a really nice look to them. For most stuffed animals you order online, especially owls, you can't trust the picture, but this one you can--it looks just like the product I got without a bunch of fiddling and posing. Only complaint is that I can't find any other owls made by this company!
Disney Duck  This is an adorable plush toy.  My great-grandson is going to absolutely love this when he gets this for Christmas 2014.  Very well made, soft and cuddly.  I do recommend this for your little ones.  OK - confession - even us BIG kids can love this.
My dog loves this.
Loved it and he loved it  Bought this wolf for my grandson.  Loved it and he loved it!
This Elmo is perfect for a newly turned one year old  This Elmo is perfect for a newly turned one year old.  It isn't too heavyweight or too large/cumbersome for my Grand to carry around.
Got as a gift and they loved it
Nice stuffed toy for little boys  My 2 year old loves baseball and loves hats. Perfect for him..... a baseball wearing a hat!  He likes it alot.  It is made well and seems like it will hold up with rough play.  Good purchase.
Great toy loved it!!!
My son loves this plush animal.
great buy came quickly too!
This teaches kids matching (colors) and fine motor control (buckles and zipper)  My 16 mo old loves this buckle toy! She is a very active toddler and usually doesn't sit still but this is the one toy she will play with for any length of time. This teaches kids matching (colors) and fine motor control (buckles and zipper). This is the perfect size for travel and is very soft. There are 6 total buckles with 3 different types of buckles. My daughter can't open the buckles herself and I don't want to teach her how (one is the same kind on her high chair) but she's happy to buckle them and then bring it to me to "open" everything back up. I would highly recommend this toy!
My son loves it
Absolutely adorable! My husband and I are deer hunters so my 5yr old is obscessed with deer. He will love this. Bought as a Christmas present. Now to get a plaque to mount it on!
Great size, great hair curl.
Quick and Cute!!!  Hard to find some of the stuffed Pokemon.  this made my granddaughter very happy.  small item but size was in the description.  good quality.  fast shipping.  Will definitely buy from seller again.
Natural, Renewable, and Easy to Clean  My children received Belle the Cow and Pirate Pig as a gift from their Grandma about half a year ago. I am very picky about toy safety and keeping things as natural as possible and these were a great gift that have been a huge hit with both of my munchkins (2 1/2 yrs and 8 months). They look just as pictured and I love the unique personality they each display. They measure roughly 10" high and 4" wide, so on the smaller side, but a good size for little hands. I do wish however that Apple Park made other (larger) size options available as well. I've personally found that finding organic stuffed animals any larger than 10" to be very difficult...people just don't seem to make them.  The exterior fabric is 100% organic cotton that has been dyed with low impact dyes. They each contain a rattle, which I don't believe is mentioned in the description. The filling is a Polylactic Acid fiber (PLA) which is bio-plastic derived from corn in this case (other starchy plants like rice can also used to manufacture this material). PLA is completely free from petrol-chemicals and I personally feel that it is a safer, more renewable option than the petroleum based polyester fill more commonly used in children's stuffed animals and toys. One thing to keep in mind however is that PLA is often made using genetically modified (GMO) corn so you'll have to weigh the pros and cons and decide if this bothers you or not.  The farm buddies seem well made and clean up very well. Pirate pig has seen a whole lot of spit up from my son and as a result has been subjected to several "baths". I hand wash Pirate Pig in the sink and then toss him in the dryer on low heat and he comes out looking as good as new!  I hope this helps you make a more informed decision.
A fun new tradition!  Adorable little Elf, nice package with the extras.  Elves delivered to our house early with a note from Santa.  Not sure if it's more fun for the kid or the adults.
PERFECT  My fiance ordered it for me & it's the softest most adorable plush! Thank you!
Adorbs!  Great item! Durable material. Just as described. Would recommend.
ok
My boys love this dragon.
PEPPA is PERFECT   My grand baby LOVES   PEPPA  Great quality and construction.
Cute to go with DVD  Bought along with the DVD for my young adult daughter and she loved it. A bit pricy for the size but great together.
The Real Thing!!  Very genuine!! Loved it!!
I bought this for my toddler son to go along with his Winnie the Pooh and Tigger.  He loves it!!
Love Love very pleased
adorable, high quality  Soft, adorable, high quality. My 18 month old loves his pet "Carl!" \
My granddaughter lo especially this.
Perfect, and arrived on time!
great toy  My son is obsessed with Elmo and this toy is great. He is only 1 years old but loves it and plays with it all the time.but I recommend it for older than 1 years old because the head is little hard for a baby to bite onto it if he's teething. Other than that its a great toy.
love this guy  love this guy...sent as a christmas gift and it was a big hit.  quick delivery and soo cute! thank you
The toy is in great condition and is very soft and cute  Arrived fast! Also very well packaged. The toy is in great condition and is very soft and cute. Somthing indidnt know is it says "Mei" on the top for destination. Im sure my daughter will love it when we give it to her for her birthday!
So cute!  Even though this toy was meant for a toddler, we ended up using this ball as a photo prop for a cat named Grover.
Cute, well made!  I got this for my one year old niece after I got her obsessed with the song shortly after birth. She will sit or stand with it and dance until it stop. It's adorable and seems to be well made!
Great for any zombie fan.  This Zombie is adorable, and great too.
Perfect plush  Looks just like Altaria, and softer than expected.
otherwise very nice and soft  The eyes are a little too floppy, otherwise very nice and soft.
Very cute and soft. Well made.
Baby Approved  Super cute, baby loved it.
Perfect Pony  My granddaughter loves her new pony! I bought it for her 5th birthday. It is made well, nice colors, good  size,and stands on its own very well. Good choice!
Made out of great material. I have told everyone about it  This plush dog is so neat!  Bigger than expected.  Made out of great material.  I have told everyone about it.
It's my birthday I am getting this
So cute and fluffy!!!
Grandson loved tinker bell doll.
These are fantastic colors and most of the patterns match well with one another. I created a notepad holder and cannot wait to find another project to use them with.  People should note that the 8x8 and 12x12 pads have the same patterns but different sizes.
This Vader Plus will be perfect for him  The guy I'm dating loves Star Wars.  This Vader Plus will be perfect for him.  He is going to love it!
My 1 year old loves this!!! Awesome quality!  I bought this for my 1 year old since he loves clasps of any sort. This whale does not ever bore him! He loves doing the colors as well as all the buckles. It's very good quality, the stuffed animal and the buckles. I was worried about him punching his fingers, but he hasn't once!
Big hit with any toddler that shows an interest in buckles  My 18 month old loves this toy. Great for car travel or waiting for a meal at a restaurant. Great for talking about colors and pairs too.
Product Review  This plush toy was a special gift for my daughter who is graduating from college.  As a child Pikachu was here favorite Pokeman and it will make part of a great sentimental gift.  The toy is exactly as expected!
Love him  Love him and I just got Belle in the surfer outfit too.
Nice little bear found cheaper in local stores though
Adorable!  Super soft and perfect for anyone who loves red pandas! Sturdy construction and all around sweet looking. I would buy this again.
Great snowman for any child.  This toy is just as described, it makes noises (when you press the middle button) and when you move it around. It's parts can also be turned 360 degrees because they are connected and made to spin, very cute toy, my 1.5 year old loves it!
My Grandson loves this toy
perfect
poseable!
Very cute  Very cute. Exactly as described
As advertised!!!
99 souls but a witch aint 1  Love it. Like everyone says the hair is a bit blue but I don't mind it at all. It's adorable and I am glad I have it in my collection lol
Perfect size and quick delievery  My niece loved this along with her pickachu doll cause noiw her pickachu has someone to play with. Ordered this doll I believe the day after or hours later after I ordered the pickachu and got it the very next day after pickachu came.
They are precious. Really soft and well made.
My 9 year old loves this!
baby s favorive toy
Excellent quality , excellent price; pudgy and cute.
My kid loves it!
Best toy for long journey  Perfect toy for my 2.5yo on our recent plane journey! Even the woman next to me commented on how busy & quiet it kept him. And it helped his fine motor. Even my 5yo wanted to play with it! Great toy & it was even delivered a day early.
Very cute !!
Amazing. Was ordered as a gift. They loved it. I would definitely recommend this seller and item. Very happy.
Great toy.
I love anything involving Frozen!  Darling characters! Good quality.  These are normal beanie baby size, perfect for kids to carry around.
well constructed
Never Too Old  This was for our grandson who loved Raichu as a child.  This was one of his Christmas presentsthis year and he was very pleasantly surprised. Our grandson is now 20 years old and never got Raichu when he was small so this  "little guy"  brought a big smile to our " big guy's" face this Christmas.   Thankyou So Much,   Sunrise to Sunset
so creative and fun! 14 mo old loves it!  14 month old loves this!
Yes Yes  Grandson loved it
Cutest thing ever :)
Milwaukee cordless tool Combo Set  Background:  After having my 14.4 volt Black and Decker Firestorm Combo Set stolen, I spent weeks doing research on new and reconditioned tools. I found my old Combo Set very useful and intended to replace it with a similar set up: drill, circular saw, light, reciprocating saw charger and two batteries (with an additional drill and two more batteries to be purchased later).  I made multiple trips each to Home Depot, Lowes, and Sears to check sales as well as try the feel of various brands.  I also spent many hours online reading reviews and price checking.  In my store visits I encountered several sets that would have made good purchases, including a Porter Cable Combo Set on sale at Lowes.   My priorities:  I would have gladly gone with Black and Decker and 14.4 volt technology again.  Those tools were a good investment, and, at about $130, the best CHEAP deal I could find.  In thousands of hours and six years of heavy home use, the B & D set rarely lacked power.  Four batteries and two drills were adequate for continuous use in drilling holes and driving screws.  Perhaps even more importantly, I got very lucky with the balance, weight and grip of those tools (especially the drills).  They fit my hands comfortably, enabling me many hours of use with minimal fatigue.  I enjoyed using those tools.  Comfort, usefulness and durability became my top priorities in replacement. Price was important, but secondary.   Results:  It came down to Makita and Milwaukee.  Their overall reputation for reliability and customer satisfaction is very good.  The drills seem balanced and fit my hands well.  I opted for the 18 volt Lithium batteries, which do not seem as heavy as similar NiCad batteries and will probably be manufactured for many years.  However, there seemed to be occasional mechanical issues with Makita tools and batteries.  Additionally, when shopping, I seemed to be able to find more complete and less expensive Combo Sets from Milwaukee.  In part this was due to the excellent prices and selection at CPO Milwaukee.  I ordered the Combo Set about six months ago.  It arrived promptly and in excellent condition (there was minimal packaging and some damage to the box but the contents were unaffected).  The tools appear new or very close to new. I have used all the tools to some degree.  They feel very solid and all work perfectly.  I can feel a large improvement in each individual tools quality over my old set, although they are a little heavier.  The saws both feel much sturdier and stronger, and I plan to use the cordless circular saw as a replacement for my (also stolen) corded circular saw. There are nice features on the tools:  built in work lights, a good chuck on the drill, the head of the light swivels, a great carrying bag, the circular saw has an easily adjustable shoe and, an amazing improvement in ease of use, the blade is mounted on the left side of the saw.  Also, one of the included batteries was the lighter, more compact 18 volt XC.   Notes and quibbles:  Quibbles - the Milwaukee batteries are sometimes a little difficult to insert into and remove from the tools or charger.  Notes - I replaced my second stolen B &D drill with a very compact Bosch 12 volt impact driver from CPO Bosch.  I will eventually write a second review.  In summary:  I love it. I will probably purchase the matching drill. The impact driver, which has plenty of power and fits and feels great in my hand, can be carried in a large pocket.  It's only drawback, in impact mode, where it operates much of the time, is LOUD!  I have taken to using earplugs.    I would gladly purchase these tools again and CPO did its' part perfectly.  Second update, Dec 2012 (In the comments, I have done an update concerning a repair done in 2011): I use the drill frequently and still find it exceptional. The batteries continue to be difficult to insert and remove from the tools. The light stands well on its own base and the vertical swivel is very useful. On the whole, it feels well designed except for the on/off switch. It has always been incredibly stiff and difficult to push. This feels like a design flaw, not a problem with this tool in particular. The reciprocating saw is very useful and good enough for almost all my purposes, but if I had a frequent need for this kind of saw, or even if I had one project which put it to extended heavy use, I would probably buy a corded one. The same is true for the circular saw. Although I love its design (ease of use, portability, light weight),it does not have quite enough power or a deep enough cut for heavy jobs. I have purchased a corded circular saw for heavy work, but still frequently use the Milwaukee cordless. All in all - I am still very happy with this purchase.
Perfect quality
She loved it
Bought this for my son for Christmas he loved it,the stiching looked good, well put together item
great for the price
Lovely!
Friend loves it  Bought this for a friend who already had Sebastian and Ciel, and she loved it!
Great
Functional Art  I have several different knives from the shun ken onion set an love every one of them.  The construction, attention to detail and sharpness are amazing.
Stuffed Grinch  Very nice
My grandson loves this
does not see till birthday in June
Love them
Buy this now.  My daughter loves it. Great quality, goes with us everywhere.
Amazing !!!!!!!  this doll is absolutely awesome great quality and worth the money. it has a good message. i learnt a lot from myfriendhuggels.com
Adorable Plush!  I have been wanting a plush like this since Super Mario Bros. 3. This is cute, very soft, and extraordinarily well made. I purchased the Luigi plush as well and was impressed that Mario was made shorter than his brother, an accurate depiction of the characters. I love the fact that the ears are not just fat pieces of felt, they are actually stuffed. Mario sits up (fairly well) on his own. The eyes are sewn (kind of like those iron-on patches) onto the material rather than just a button, painted, or glued on. I was expecting something just a little bigger, but I am not complaining. The detailing in this plush is very much worth the price. Cute, adorable, and just what the doctor ordered, I highly recommend this plush to any Mario fanatic.
Cute and simple  Very cute. My son is a bit old for it but I couldn't pass on the lightning deal
Now redesigned compared to pictures  The plush was redesigned after all of the bad reviews. I got mine earlier than expected. It's not small or large, it's maybe 8 inches big. The face looks more happy now compared to other pictures people had. I am very pleased with it. It's soft and it's ears now sit upright.
Cute critters.
Hard to find prize  This was for my grown daughter who fell in love with Toothless in the movie. It's more for decor than for play - posable wings are a great idea.  She loves it!
Oh i see now...  My daughter loves dragons and this one was a winner. When i first ordered though i wasn't sure how they had stuffed the plush toy with a monstrous nightmare but now i realize that they meant its name was monstrous nightmare and it was a stuffed plush toy.
Great
Great Gift for Girlfriend!  My girlfriend loves the groot character from the movie. So I got her this plush groot and sewed a plush heart onto it for Valentines day!
Adorable. as advertised. Great for baby shower  Adorable. as advertised. Great for baby shower
Perfect Present for my sister  This is a simple plush toy. It looks well made and it was a perfect birthday present for my sister who loves LOTR
Thank you so much!!! My Daughter Loves it!!!
Great buy!
It arrived quickly and exactly as pictured.
loved it! so beautiful and so accurately portrayed! thank you! fast shipping too  highly recommend
LOVE THESE  these are very durable. i have a lion one for my four year old boy that i bought when he was 7-8 months old and just bought the lady bug one for my 9 month old girl for christmas. they are great! i keep them in the car for long rides and take them on plane trips - they come in so handy. both of my kids love to tote them around. its a great buy, a great pillow, a great friend, and a great blanket that is the perfect size for little bodies [i'm not saying its a small blanket cause its not just that it is great].
Really cute!  My son (3) absolutely loves this. He is a cute character that I would highly recommend for any star wars fans.
My grandson loves these
Adorable! Genuine Tsum Tsum. Soft and durable. Great for younger toddlers.
Unique  Awesome. Was exactly as I expected it would be when I ordered it. Very unique item.
Sparky was a Winner!  Our grandkids loved the movie Frankenwenie.  Sparky the dog was their favorite character.  This little stuffed animal really brought smiles to their faces. Well made with a Disney tag.  Honestly a little overpriced but the kids loved "Sparky"!
Got to get this if you are a Star Wars fan  Got this for one of the kids. They thought it was awesome. Seems to be well made and is holding up well.
not stiff like others.  exactly what i wanted.
Go lizardon!  Came in early and was excited :)
Super big. A great plush at this price.
Furby Pink and Blue Hearts Boom Plush Toy  Awesome colors and very super cute! I got it for a good price to on here also. I am happy with it
Great gift for Pokemon fans.  Got it for my girlfriend and she loves it. Its actually a lot bigger than I thought it would be, too. Good quality and is a great gift for any Pokemon fan.
My son lov thats toy
Used as a stocking stuffer! Perfectly cute.
Hes big, Cute, and cuddly.  Hes extremely big and perfect his material is just the right kind of soft cuddle, giving it to my friend and I just know shes gonna love it.
Pictures are very accurate  Handsome & well made little plush. "Spirited Away" fans will be pleased.  Item was (relatively) quick to arrive, given its origin point
Very Nice, Thank You !
great toy  18 month old loves it. Keeps him occupied in car and at resturants.
I absolutely love this! Super soft and extremely durable  I absolutely love this! Super soft and extremely durable! The stitching is really well done as well. It's a bit top heavy because of its head so I have to prop up the front feet at an angle,  but aside from that, LOVE IT!!
great condition  Arrived as expected, great condition
A bit more than I wanted to spend but they make me giggle when I look at them.
Great
my reveiw <3  I love my Soul Plushie he is adorable, AND he came in the mail 2 days early which was a nice surprise im sure anyone who buys this cute adorable Anime Plushie will love him just as much as i do
and she loved it.  Cute, delivered in a timely manner, and she loved it.
exactly what she wanted
As advertised.
My 12 month old LOVES his Sully Monster!  We took our almost one year old and his siblings to our yearly Disney trip. When we saw Sully my son filled with joy, he smiled and laughed and gave him kisses. He was so SO excited to see his favorite Disney Monster. When we went to get our mementos that night they didn't have Sully Plush anywhere in the gift shop.. or maybe I missed him. So when we got home I logged on to Amazon of course and found Sully here. He is wonderful and SUPER SOFT! He is our one year olds favorite thing aside from his siblings and parents of course ;) He is always cuddling him and "talking" to him. He just loves loveeees his Sully.
Real San-x plush  Really cute Rilakkuma bear. Authentic from San-x company. If rilakkuma Bears do not come with San-x tag on the ear it's not the real thing . This product I would recommend . Of course I'm not going to buy another one I don't want two of the same size.
bought for friend that her son was off in the services.  she carries it with her everywhere to remind her all the time of him.  she gets so many compliments on it also.
Exactly like it explained in the item description! Highly recommended!
Imagined it a bit bigger but they loved it.
Loved it.
Mickey Mouse small blanket  My great nephew is a little too young to cuddle with things yet, but I know he will.  It is adorable.
Great price  My grandson loved Elmo. He is only 2 yrs old and has a tendency to rough on his toys. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on something that may get broken. He has played with this toy for several months & loves it. Very durable and the price was great.
My son loves it and now sits and watch some Daniel while holding  his Daniel
Perfect!  Soft and Cute.  Very well stuffed.  One of our son's favorite xmas gifts.
It's the perfect size and its quality is  So cute!! Shipped fast considering it came from Hong Kong. It's the perfect size and its quality is great
We love him!  I got this for my daughter about a month ago. Now she will hug any of her toys when we tell her. She knows what it means to hug. FYI- the shirt comes off pretty easy. I thought the shirt was really stupid and I took it off, he looks like normal Elmo without the shirt.
Was loved.....
Very pleased!
great
PLZ BUY HIM <3  This lion made me and my family extremely happy and definitely recommends him. I love to death
A Great Eeyore look-a-like!  I had been looking for an Eeyore that has a likeness to the one in Winnie the Pooh.  This one is probably the best one I saw so I purchased it to go along with other Pooh characters that I've been purchasing for my Grandson.  He loves them all, and surrounds himself with his new friends while watching the various Winnie the Pooh DVDs.
Adorable, well made, and super soft. What else could you want in a stuffed toy?
Great product!  Great product! This toy is high quality and kept my 15 month daughter entertained during a17 hour roadtrip.  Highly recommend!
Great!  As far as Tsum Tsum plush toys go, this one is perfect.
Very Nice!  Really a great size.  My 8 year old Granddaughter loves it! Nice quality fabric  and beautiful colors! Terry W Grove City, Ohio
Great toy!  My GF's granddaughter just loves this! Thanks so much!
Lots of fun for a collector  Not only is this toy cute, fun, and utterly adorable I find it will help any Pokemon collector and I love the way it looks and how soft it is. I would definitely recommend this toy. It arrived on top, just like it was described.
So cute
Great
Too cute!  These little peas are just precious. I had some when I was little, and we lost them. We went through our attic this past summer; my mom was depressed when we never found my old pod of peas. So for Christmas, I bought her a new pod!
Gift  Gift for my cousin"s grand kids and they love this and are so happy they got it and shipping was fast.
Great Product!  I compared the Calphalon and All-Clad products to this one. The main differences are sturdier handles and slightly thicker metal on the high-end brands. I have used this product for some time and it works great. I actually bought the All-Clad but returned it when I found this one. It has a larger cooking surface area than the others. Greater surface area was my main reason for purchasing a double burner griddle. It heats evenly and is great for cooking pancakes, french toast, sausage, bacon, eggs....and more. It has a lifetime warranty and can go in the oven up to 450 F. Highly recommended!
Great Product  Got my Narwhal today. He is awesome. Most of the reviews were raves about how soft and cuddly they are. And they were absolutely correct. He is super soft. And his tusk is vertical and does not droop or bend. I love him and so does my dog. He took a nap with him today already. Great quality and fast shipping. Very pleased.
Perfect pink dress for their dolls.
Soft and Cuddly  My almost two year old grandson loves this cookie monster!
Nice.  Son loved it, very cute, good quality.
It arrived sooner than expected and was exactly as described.
Pleased!  Its a gift but looks like quality to me. It's heavy and appears well made. Know my niece will love it!
perfect gift for my two years old granddaughter
Hes  so cute!  My daughter loves Bulbasaur, and she flipped the day this plush arrived. His fur is velvety, his face is super cute, and all the details make him just perfect!! Shipping was fast too, thanks so much.
Perfect
The kirby came in great condition
great toy  My daughter loves this toy. Very well made and fast shipping.
My type of Thunder buddy!  This is perhaps the best Teddy I have ever gotten (and I'm not much of a stuffed animal type guy) but Freddy adds just the right amount of spooky touch to my room! And he guards me from the demons at nigtht
This is so cute. Peppa makes a snorting sound which my daughter loves to mimic.
Looks just like Sven on Frozen !  I am very happy with this product
Cutest little Sven I've ever seen! He's so soft and much bigger than I thought he was going to be. Even his little antlers are soft!
i love him. hes perfect
Children do not stop playing with them.
Perfect, exactly as described .  Perfect, exactly as described .
fantastic  service  and  quality  of  product  the order  was  perfectly  packaged and  arrival  was  early  great  job  thank  you  very  much i  look  forward  to  doing  business  with u  in  the  future
Nice and soft, perfect for a baby.
Love it! Great quality and visual aid  Purchased as a gift for a teacher! Love it! Great quality and visual aid. Will be a collector!!
Too cute!!  Soooo cute and soft, bought for a friend as a gift, she loved it, said it looked like her bichon when she was a puppy, super fast delivery!!
MY LITTLE FRIEND LOVED IT!!!!!!!  I bought Boo for a young girl that I take care of and she absoutely loved it, it looks just like a Pomeranian I once had.
stuffed boo  My son and my nephew have been very pleased with toy!! I got one for each of them. Don't see this in stores out in the boonies!
Love them!  I love these little guys! I bught them for my 4 year old sister that totally adpres Peppa Pig. Livig in California U.S, there isn't much peppa pig merchandise in toy stores or department stores, so I had to resort to amazon to purchase peppa pig toy. Im glad I did! These are DIRT CHEAP. (Price wise) the quailty is outstanding for the low proce, they are soft and well stitched.
As pictured. Perfect.  Very high quality plush looks as cute and well made as the one pictured with just the usual slight variations between sewn items. Nice looking hang tag.
They are great! Daughters friend loved them.  Received sooner than expected.
so cute
Angry Birds Star Wars 8" Plush - Leia  My daughter loves this.  It's very soft and looks exactly like the picture shown.  She can cradle it around the house.
Great Toy!!!  Great toy! With magnets in his feet that attach him to the metal skateboard this toy is one of our grandsons favorites!
) My son loved it  Bwa bwa bwa!  ;) My son loved it
Love this Elmo  I love this Elmo. It was bought for our 2 year old and she loves Elmo. And plays with it all the time.
perfect for my four year old  very sturdy and easy for my four year old to remove/put on bridle and saddle. And its much larger than other Barbie horse dolls
I love it!  I love it!!! I bought it thrusday and by friday 3 pm my doll was delivered to my home. Great quality, great service. Totally satisfy
Great  I bought this item for my 2 year old niece and 1 year old nephew and they absolutely love it. I like that it is soft so it can be for all ages and it is just the right size for children. I would recommend this for anyone buying something for a child.
The Pink Koopaling  The item, after I ordered it with nearly every other Koopaling (in another account), arrived promptly in a big box. It came in a plastic bag, and as I opened it, it felt really soft and durable. This is a genuine San-ei product, and while it carries a fairly big price tag, I think the product is worth for any Mario plush fan, especially a Koopaling fan. It must be hard to contain such excitement to see such high-quality plushies being offered at the beginning of 2014, especially since there are hardly any great Koopaling plushies on the market.  The accuracy is spot-on, and the quality is high. Roy has a burly, sturdy build, and the plush has this. The plush's shell is purple while the wand is dark gray, just as in the games, since New Super Mario Bros. Wii. The plush is designed to withstand abuses from excited children and from time overall for those less rowdy. The sunglasses are a bit loose, so they may be the first thing that comes off, but you really _have_ to yank on these things.  I recommend this plush to any Mario fan, especially the Koopaling fan, and when you consider their playable debut in Mario Kart 8, 2014 is a great year for Koopaling fans. The only obstacle is paying the money needed to get _every_ Koopaling, something that will set you off at triple digit figures.
It was amazing! I got it quickly and it looked perfect  It was amazing!  I got it quickly and it looked perfect!
So Cute!
Perfect
Fast shipping too and in great condition.  The little guy I got it for just loves it!  We had a Sully plush, and now we have Mike!. He kissed it as soon as he got it open!  Fast shipping too and in great condition.
Grand daughter really liked it
Really fun character from the movie Monsters Inc
cute and soft plushie Came on time and fast shipping  cute and soft plushie Came on time and fast shipping 5/5
Good  My nephew loves it
Very soft tail is flexible they were happy with it!!
Love it  My little girl loves her gloworm! She never goes to bed without her gloworm! It is part of the night routine to get her to sleep!
Perfect cuddle partner!  My 2 yo son loves Cookie Monster, he thinks he's just the best!  For his birthday we got him this Cookie Monster and the two have been inseparable!  He sleeps with it, eats with it (the mouth is just open wide enough for a cracker to slip in), and takes it everywhere with him. The eyes are made of fabric so the only part of him that is not fabric is the lining of his mouth which comes in very handy when emptying him of food my son has fed him. I need to buy a second one so I can wash one while he plays w the other!  He is the
Great gift. It was well received  Great gift.  It was well received.
La La, La La, Elmo Fan  Gund has excellent quality, and though it did not come in a box (really my only complaint) Elmo is definely the softest stuff animal I have ever come along minus Big Bird who was just a little softer. I bought almost all the main characters for Christmas for my daughter and when we watch Sesame Street they are alot of fun to play along with, even for adults. With the free shipping this same item actually ended up cheaper than other less expensive sesame street dolls at different sites.
In love  My son is in love!. It talks exactly like El Chavo and looks a lot like it. My son carries it with him everywhere and he gets nothing but great comments.
As advertised...
Darling Bride and Groom bunnies - perfect for girls  After purchasing one of these bunnies for my daughter and I thought she would like the bride and groom as well. And boy was I right! The dolls are beautifully constructed and have really nice details on the flowers and particularly the dress. The bride's veil has multiple layers of tulle and fabric, with a crown of rosettes. Her dress is well made and sewn onto her body. I would probably not give this particular set to a baby, but maybe to an older sibling like 3-4 and up. They are just to pretty to have a baby chewing on them!  The groom is decked out in a morning suit with bow tie, also with the clothing sewn onto him. The bunnies are both very soft and plush with those silky ears my child loves so much. She uses her other Metoo bunny as the sister of the bride when playing with them. Today they all went to the zoo and visited the wild animal (puppy). She's enjoying them very much. I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review. I will periodically update these reviews as I have more experience with the product.
Perfect for Halloween decorating
Elmo did good again  My nephew loves this Elmo, he can't take his eyes of Elmo's mouth moves as he talks and sing.  The price was the surprise.  I couldn't believe this great deal so I acted fast.  It's still working today and he's rough but Elmo is tough too and can take his the kicks and punches, lol.
Son loved it  Son loved it. He had one when he was little and lost it. I couldn't find it anywhere. So I checked Amazon. Made my son very happy!
Huzzah  My goddaughter sleeps with this now.  I would say this is an excellent buy for that alone.
Such a cutie!  I got this little guy as a gift for my son for Christmas. He is obsessed with Kirby and absolutely loves this cuddly version! It was his favorite gift! Kirby is super plush and snuggly and I definitely recommend him for your Kirby fan!
AWESOME!!:)
Adorable quality plushie.  Matched up with product picture. Great quality, eventually bought his wife after seeing him sit alone on my shelf for so long. He's soft and in my opinion well made, and was the first of many Sanei products I've since bought.
Good way to teach kids to save money
My 7 month old nephew loves it. He sleeps with Elmo in his crib.
Great, especially for the price  Its larger than I expected, kids loved it!
great plants vs zombie toy !!!!  glad i purchased  this plants Vs Zombies toy its really cool and cute too. my nephew will love it .love that it was in plastic bag and wrapped good .wish it would have come a little sooner but its fine . thank you !!!!
Excellent product and on time delivery.  Thanks!!!
Perfect bedtime buddy for little kids  So soft and cuddly. Bought for 2 year old son for Valentines day to go with the Thomas version of this plush. He loves it and they make perfect bedtime buddies!
Exactly as described  Perfect size, great quality, and my niece loved it!
His name has been changed and he travels with us everywhere!
Better than I expected!  I was so worried that the Vaporeon I would get would be horrible looking and not cute at all because of all the bad reviews on it. But, when it came, it was as if I bought straight out of a pokemon store. Tags, bag, and everything.
Awesome my baby loved it
Great gift for nephew who loves sharks!  Nephew loved him.
Love it!  This little guy arrived very quickly and along with this, I found him incredibly cute and soft to the touch. I might have to consider buying more at a later time.
Perfect  Good price, much better than $30+ at the store.
Good construction & buckles all still working  Bought this for my 2 1/2 year old grandson to play with on a 6-hour flight.  I was hoping to get an hour or so of interest from him but got much more.  He played with the buckles and the little zippered pocket in the back (storing his Matchbox cars in it) for over half the flight.  Still playing with it at home, too.  Good construction & buckles all still working.  Better than I expected.
My son loves this  I first found out about Gund because of the Brooks Brothers Gund Striped Stuffed Lamb.  As a result I bought this as well.  Both are well made plush animals that your kids will enjoy for a long time.  Gund plush are soft and made with quality in mind for durability.
My 2 year old absolutely loved this cubed buckle toy  My 2 year old absolutely loved this cubed buckle toy.  She has played with it for hours now and we have only had the toy for a couple of weeks.  Great entertainment for an airplane flight and acted as a nice pillow too. :)  highly recommend.
Great for my 2 1/2 y/o grandson  My 2 1/2 y/o grandson loves his new favorite Toy Story Character.
Our great grandson loves it.
So cute!  Got on time! Very fast shipping, yes it's small but he's very cute. Adding it to my collection of LOZ stuff!
Autistic son loves this  I bought this for a gift for my 10 year old son with autism.  He got it for Christmas and it has quickly become one of his favorite toys.  He interacts with it and his therapists have recently started using it in his ABA therapy sessions.  Although it obviously speaks Furbish, it also speaks English.  My son, who is practically nonverbal and will not have a conversation, has been talking to his Furby and teaching it new things.  Is the Furby annoying at times, yes, but what "noisy" toy isn't at times.  For my family, this has been a hit and I'm glad we made the purchase.
Must have for sloth lovers :)  If your kid likes sloths then you can't miss purchasing this. It is well made and my son loves it.
Smells so good  My kids love these! Love it!
Luna arrived in Perfect conditions!
High quality doll at a bargain.  Someone complained about the gown. The picture advertised is the original blue gown. Yes that should be changed, but the description clearly says: Inspired by Disney's Frozen Fever. So put 2 and 2 together. She just might have a green dress instead of blue. The doll still looks wonderful and it's very soft but seems very durable. And she really is 28". For the price, this is a great buy for a popular doll this size. I received the doll 7 days before estimated. Ordered it on the 27th, got it on the 30th. Can't beat that for free shipping.
My 18 month old absolutely loves it and carries it everywhere.
It was just perfect
cute~ Good for baby to grab
She absolutely loved it and carries it everywhere she goes  This was purchased as a gift for my 3 year old niece.  She absolutely loved it and carries it everywhere she goes.  Great quality and fair price.
It IS incredibly cute.  My daughter loves it. "Chicky" was a big hit in her Easter Basket. It even beat out the candy, which for a four year old with a BIG sweet tooth is really something!
Love it!  Perfect! Great quality, just the right size- my two year old loves him.
Doesn't hold much inside it, but dang it it is so cute. Gets a lot of compliments
A good product.  The product matches the description.
Great Kirby  The Kirby doll is in great shape. The exact size the description stated.  Very soft and cuddly.  Perfect!
majestic little man  isn't this the cutest plush, basically a collectible, sits proudly in my room
Amazing! One of the best plushes I've ever bought!
Awesome  Soft and fun!
Great quality  Looks better than in the picture (:
Bought it at toys r us and it is great! Soft enough to bring into bed but also study enough to leave on a shelf. Very cute
cute
Perfect for any fan and cosplayer!  My wife cosplayed as Misty from Pokemon and this little plush was the perfect size. Well stitched. It's bouncing around the kids room now and has for about three years. Still holding up well.
Love Love Love  This guy is the greatest! He is plush, a great quality, and very adorable! A great buy for anyone of any age!
It's very cute! :3  This may not have good stitching but I got this for my boyfriend and he LOVED IT, it is good for staying put on a shelf.  it can be sitting or standing and it's soft!  I give it 5 stars cause so far, (after about a month) it is still intact.  It's adorable, CHEAP, and it got delivered RIGHT not time.  Packed up real nicely.  No complains :D
Arrived on time, packaged well and as described.  Very cute and I used it as part of decorations for a baby shower.
he likes it so I like it too  I order this for my grandson, he likes it so I like it too.
Adorable  My daughter LOVES this doll!  Very cute, well made and soft.
wild life fox  This fox is so life like and plush! My grandson will love it. Can't wait to give it to him.
Perfect  This little elephant is too freaking adorable. I'm  so glad I got it as a gift I might just buy one for myself to have in the corner of the room because it looks so cute and it's so soft and feels like it's going to last a lifetime
LOVE IT!! I love futurama and this will go perfectly with my Fry cosplay!!
Sweet doll. Very soft and just enough sparkle.
Just what I wanted.  Got this for my infant granddaughter and she is thrilled with the music and the way it lights up.  It is also just the right size for an infant.
Highly recommend.  My 20 month old loves it!!  Highly recommend.
Good quality
Great plush toy  Very well made plush toy which looks like it should last quite well. Surprisingly large and my daughter loves it.
Just like the picture! It's so cute'
Hi  This is a gift it isn't out of package yet but I looked it over Thru package and it appear to be great quality no tears or loosely seen seams all in all very nice thank you
Thank u I love it
Perfect!  Very quickly shipped!  Thank you!  Perfect!
So perfect  I bought this little (or should I say big?) guy for my little sister who loves Monsters Inc. She adores him! His fur is soft, very vibrant in color and the details on him put him over the top adorable. He is a pretty good size and is very sturdy.
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!!!!!
SO CUTE!
Great Little Plush!  The doll came a day before the estimated arrival and I instantly fell in love. It is soft, small, and adorable! Recommend for any Zelda fan.
He is very happy with and fond of Olaf  Just what my grandson wanted.  He is very happy with and fond of Olaf.
Soft and cuddly Elmo  My son loves this Elmo!  He sleeps with him every night.  He is very soft and a perfect size.
My grand daughter squealed with joy when she opened this up for Christmas!  It's super cute!
It was easy for her to carry around  This doll was the right size for my niece. It was easy for her to carry around. The doll is soft and i love that it won't have pieces for her to choke on . Also she won't be taking her clothes off at all. She just loves ot and always carry's it around every where.  Thank you Ruth Santiago
My niece was absolutely thrilled!!!
Great detail and very soft  this doll is so stinking cute! My granddaughter is 1 and the doll is the perfect size for her to carry around. Really has cute details and is so very soft.
Great
Daughter Loves It!  I had this Hippo sent to my Daughter that's 36 years old. She loves it! She said that it's so soft and she's so happy with it! The reason I got it for her is that USPS commercial and she's my little girl so I thought that she would enjoy it. Well worth the money to bring happiness to her.
Love Tink!  Got Tink to go along with Peter Pan movie for my 3 year old grandaughter,she loves faries and has Peter Pan too!
Good quality as expected from a Nintendo licensed product  My daughter likes it. Good quality as expected from a Nintendo licensed product.
Loved it
Great plush toy for Waluigi-lovers  Great item for the chaos-craving Waluigi-lover.  Pro: it's a true-to-the-character depiction of Waluigi, great quality materials from what I can tell, when you hold him by the body and shake him his head and legs wobble around, exactly like the real Waluigi would  Con: can't stand up on its own (it's a plush doll, not a minifigure), never says the iconic "Wah" gently in my ear while I'm crying alone in bed
Arrived just fine. Cute little guy.
I won't him for my self
big hit  This was a big hit with my 1 year old nephew for Christmas!  He immediately hugged it and smiled!  Best gift for me!!!
my granddaughter loved it!
elmo by gund  great! i got the doll and now I just have to wait till christmas to see how my little girl reacts to it. lol but it is in perfect condition and would recommend this to a friend. it is very soft and the eyes are not hard like i thought they were going to be. very plush!
Excelent
Made our mom laugh..........  Our mom has recently suffered with gall bladder issues and we got this to cheer her up. It did the trick! Don't forget to feel the bottom of the "gall bladder" because it has some small dried beans or something to simulate gall stones - hilarious!
Pretty
Very soft and just what I expected
Black Yoshi SML  My 9 year old son loved it, looked just like the one in the picture...thank you Amazon
Super cute. Took a while to receive it  Super cute.  Took a while to receive it, but my daughter loves it.  Worth the wait.
She is beautiful I love it. Bought as gift for my niece she will absolutely love it!!!
Love ALL my Silpin rolling pins  Love ALL my Silpin rolling pins... Goes from rolling pie crust out to rolling fondant out with NO problems what so ever!
This toy was adorable.  My grandson loved it, now he wants some of the other ones, especially the giant ones. I'm sure that is what he will want for his birthday.
I love this! It is so soft and costs less than the smaller one at Toys r Us. I am very happy with this, and will defiantly buy from this seller again.
This is a great TV!  I purchased the Toshiba 46XF550U from Amazon in late November.  The TV arrived in pristine condition in the expected delivery window.  For the first week I was waiting for HD to be installed and was forced to watch SD programming.  I think that the Toshiba does a very good job handling SD signals and looked great via Direct TV.  The picture was very clear and after initial setup looked much, much better than I expected.  Even after stretching the screen out using one of the Theater modes.   I had a friend come by with his Xbox360(yeah, I don't have one) and the games were AMAZING!  He said numerous times how he was able to see details that he had not seen before.  The game intros were incredible as well.  Using an Upconverting DVD player I was able to view the TV display in 1080p.  Absolutely blows you away!  Definitely get the most of standard DVDs.   Once the HD upgrade was complete I realized TV viewing BLISS!  The picture is very good right out of the box with very little picture adjustment required.  Like most all new TVs there a a few basic tweaks to make, but after that, AHHHHHHHH!!!  Watching all of the playoff football this year has been much more enjoyable because of the brilliant picture quality of my new Toshiba LCD HDTV.  I can't wait for the Super Bowl!!!!!
Perfect
this is amazing
My little one loves elmo
son loves it  super cute toy for a little boy. My  2 year old loves it. Very well made. Also nice for a baby boy who likes to cuddle
So cute!  Love it.  It's so cute!
Great quality.  So cute! Great quality.
bonk choy plants vs zombies  love this plants vs. zombies bonk choy. my son enjoys play with it. Great addition to his collection of plants vs. zombies.
oh my goodness my granddaughter loves this thing. made well and it came in the mail quickly. he is small, but adorable
"( why would anyone discontinue such a great system?  where can i buy this stereo...ive looked all over...sold mine after 4 yrs way back in 2003  and have kicked my butt since then.....i need one i want one...where can i get or buy one...there discontinued  :"(  why would anyone discontinue such a great system?
Disgudt  Digust came in record time. My grand daughter just loved it.
Cute, Well-Made Dino  We got this for our 9 month old son, and he is a fan.  In general he doesn't care much about most stuffed animals, with there being only a few he's interested in.  Chomp, however, actually seemed to be fairly popular with him.  Its a bit on the pricey side for a stuffed animal, but my wife and I think its worth it.  Its high quality, with a great texture.  The weighted feet (full of beans) let him stand up on his own, and he's a great size for cuddling.  Overall we're very happy with him, and so is our son.  :)  A ew notes: * The spikes on his back aren't a different color than the rest of him, as some of the manufacturer images show. * The eyes are beads - some parents might be concerned with that.  I grew up with bead-eye animals, but I know it can be a choking hazard should the child manage to somehow pry them out.  Chomp is well made, however, and I don't think it would be an issue with him.
It was in very good condition and has endured her rough housing with it  My 5 year old daughter loves playing with this. It was in very good condition and has endured her rough housing with it.
Love it!!
Ok
Too Cute  An authentic TY Product and so cute
Granddaughter sleeps with it every night!
Hugs for Noface.  I have this guy in my car dash with my Catbus plushie. The winning combo.
the shipper was very good and very early on  high quality item, the shipper was very good and very early on arrival
Cute and Lovable.  Very soft, definitely cuddly, and much appreciated by a small nine-years-old granddaughter who recently recovered from a short illness.
wonderful
Great product
He's perfect, thank you! Arrived pretty quick too.
Perfectly happy customer.  This is so cute in real life. Got it as a Christmas present for a 5 year old so it hasn't been played with yet but it feels plenty sturdy. It can stand on all 4 legs or easily pushed into, and stayed in, a cute sitting position. This pup is a winner...and only a fraction of the cost of the real thing!! Yay!  I'd buy again and shipping was fast.
Great buddy to tag along on trips  This is the guy I stuffed in my bag to bring with me on trips to keep my daughter amused on car-rides
grandson will love this
nice
Liked the stuff toy!
Very Cute Little Guy  The cutest little leprechaun ever ... He was a happy addition to my St. Patrick's Day decor.
We keep it in the car as its a perfect toy for keeping her busy when on the road  My toddler loves this toy!  We keep it in the car as its a perfect toy for keeping her busy when on the road.  Could not recommend it higher!
Love it, but...  Wonderful toy, bit I didn't realize it speaks in japanese, not english.
Destruction never looked so adorable!  I'm honestly surprised this little guy doesn't have a single review yet. With Yveltal being one of my favorite Legendaries, when I learned about the existence of this Pokedoll, I knew I had to get one, and I'm very glad I did. As for where to purchase him, I highly recommend the seller Japan Syndrome, which is where I bought mine from, and he arrived earlier than expected. The wait for this little guy is very well worth every penny I paid.  He is one of the largest - if not the largest - Pokedolls to date, very well made and soft. The stitching for his eyes and the pentagon markings on his wings and tail are very well done, the markings upon his underside are clear and crisp with no breaks, and I just love his little horns and talons. My only problem is that he's a bit top heavy and will fall to one side without supporting his back against something, but other than that, I am very, very happy with him. They did a wonderful job chibifying the Avatar of Death and Destruction into something absolutely adorable, and this is a must-have for Yveltal collectors like myself and Pokemon fans in general!
my daughter loves her doll
Abdolute must have if your kiddo's a Barney fan!  Best present ever!! I bought this for my 2 year old and he loves it. Some customers mentioned the size to be on the small side but I think it is the perfect size for a 2/3 year old, it says not to wash on machine but I have and all good, Thank you for making my little guy so hapoy.
Wonderful cookware!  Good shipping and packaging. Love love my Matisse saucier pan,great cookware! I've have purchased most of the Matisse cookware products and love the easy clean up ,color, weigh and beauty .
Cute
Well-made  Dry Bones is cute, detailed, and seems rather durable. His texture is especially soft, and he's overall one of the more interesting Sanei Mario plushies I've collected.
Granddaughter loved it
Exactly what I was expecting
Classic bear.
Perfect favors for our emoji themed party! All the kids were thrilled
worth it  very good quality... way better than I expected.  For someone who likes "Alien stuff,"  Well worth the price.
Adorable Nemo who has held up to machine wash and dry!  The Nemo is really cute looking and I like the realistic depiction of his fins, with one being smaller than the other. It's adorable, soft, cuddly, and vibrantly colored.  I also like that this Nemo does not have any plastic parts. The eyes are made of sewn on fabric which makes me comfortable for my 18-month old daughter to bring it to bed with her.  This is one of our daughter's favorite toys, and for some reason, it is always her choice to accompany us to doctor visits.  For the all the germs it is always exposed to, I feel like handwash just isn't enough. I machine wash and dry this toy often and it has held up wonderfully! I use a lingerie bag, wash on cool, and then dry on medium heat. Couldn't be any easier!!!
University Scare Pal  Great toy. Children very pleased.
Nice detail  My granddaughters love this doll.
Love it  My son LOVES his llama! He enjoys all the books and to find this plush llama online top it all off. He is so cute and soft and my son takes him around everywhere
Best gifted for my new born  Is fluffy love it
Great quality, well made. Perfect gift.  I thought it was pretty expensive when I bought it... but it is a durable product and my niece freaked out when she saw him.  Love it!
... the Raven Stitch kickstarter last year and I absolutely love them. They're super soft and very well made  I got all four of these plush toys from the Raven Stitch kickstarter last year and I absolutely love them.  They're super soft and very well made.  They're made of a material pretty similar to microfiber so I use them to clean the screen of my iPad all the time.  They're also the perfect size and weight to peg people with.
Great buy.  The product was just as described and top quality! Recommended for every Animal Crossing fan looking for a plush of KK.
My daughter is so happy with the way it looks.
so that was nice as well  Gamachan is so cute! Also came in the mail extremely early, so that was nice as well. Overall - love it! However, you won't like it if you're actually wanting to hold money in this. There isn't a lot of space.
my daughter loves it
Sweet  Cutest Dumbo ever!
cant wait for Christmas
Our 2 year old granddaughter loves Pua.
This was a gift for my niece and she loved it!
So cute!  This sloth is super soft and so cute!
Reindeers are better than people!  Well-made with firm antlers.  He's a very well-done representation of the movie character.  I figured the antlers would mis-shape quickly, but he's held together with a couple of months of abuse without showing any real damage.
Kids love them!  The grand babies love them!
Educational and Good Price  My grandson has been watching ELMO  and just loves him. So, he was very excited when I surprised him with the cute stuffed toy. This toy is a teaching character too.
Love it!  Great quality! My son loves it!
My son sleeps with his Bad Kitty books.  My 6 yr old son sleeps with his Bad Kitty books so I got the doll, thinking it would be more comfortable to sleep with.  Now he sleeps with the doll and the books.  Last night he read the books to the doll before going to sleep. It's too bad there wasn't a slightly larger version.  He loves Bad Kitty.
OMG! Sooo cute  My daughter loves minions and really wanted one. She was afraid it wouldn't be soft,but it is very soft and very cute.
Perfect to Cuddle for Small Arms  I bought this for my granddaughter's 2nd birthday//she loved it and it fit perfect in her small arms - her dad told me she took Elmo to bed with her.
My nephew loved Clark.....
Love this plush Pluto.  My grandson Loves his Plush Pluto.  I bought two and will store one for when he is older, as a memory gift.
So cute!
My kid loved it
Great buy!
Buck, errr Whitherwings is great.  We purchased Buckbeak for Christmas for our 5-month-old son.  He's too little too play with him but he's perfect in his Harry Potter-themed bedroom.  Good quality and well made.
My baby loves it!!!
The dogs are enjoying it a great deal.  Small but cute toy. The dogs are enjoying it a great deal.
Adorable!
Mini birds  Perfect little tokens for school prizes. The kids love them.
thanks
Super Wonderful  The samples provided for review were donated by me to a local school that teaches developmentally challenged kids. The class was for three year olds. The teachers said that this was the first toy ever that the children had interacted with, and that they were so thankful that they have now found a toy that can help them reach these little ones. They do not grow tired of them. We cut one of them open at the bottom and the kids used them like a puppet.
Sven saves the day and brings smiles to little one's faces  Sven was so cute and soft. Grandma wanted one too. Granddaughter fell in love with him and little grandson carries him all over. Very sweet and endearing face. well made and the bendable legs are a hit because the kids can put him in different positions. Some are hilarious!
Perfect!  So adorable and snugable! My daughter loves them!
Super soft and cuddly  This is a great product.  Super soft and cuddly, holds up great in the washer and very very cute!
love
cute!
A good buy for the Pokemon lover  Well sewn together, soft and very cute!
You can't make a kid any happier than having a Peashooter show up at your house  Seriously!  You can't make a kid any happier than having a Peashooter show up at your house!  :)
Adorable!  They are just too cute! My daughter loves them!
excellent plush doll  excellent plush doll! excellent details. Shipped very fast after corrected their mistakes. This might be the best jumbo Totoro you can get!
Love it!!  I love it so much.  Comfy and fun but loves to collect cat hair but easy to get off.
the actual plush is firm yet softits a delight to pet it due to the soft fabric  I ordered this for my boyfriend for Valentines day, and since it was the 11th I bought one-day shipping so it would arrive on the 13th, the day before.  At first I was skeptical about the plush, because it had looked mushy in the pictures, as if it were flimsy or something of that sort.  However, the actual plush is firm yet softits a delight to pet it due to the soft fabric.  Not only this, but the plush itself is incredibly adorable and I fell in love with it as soon as I saw it, to the point where I almost didn't want to give it to my boyfriend anymore!  Looks exactly like the picture, except the actual product is more firm, but Im hardly complaining.  A very nice purchase, I would definitely buy it again!
Snowman  He is very soft and huggable.  I've been collecting the TY pluffies snowmen for as long as they've been making them with the different colored hats and scarves.  Great for children as well as adults that like soft cute things.
.  It's a million times better than I expected, it's cute and has the right coloring, the only problem I have is the antennas are bent but the paint is good.
Love it
Feel Better Elmo is Adorable!  Feel Better Elmo has four verbalizations, including two different sneezes, "I love you" and something to the effect that Elmo would feel better if you held his hand.  Like the other Elmo's, he is adorable. He has a non-removable bathrobe and a box of tissues.  The grandchildren love him!  I highly recommend this Elmo!
Love Jiminy  Jiminy is a great toy. He's always smiling and so cute. We take pictures of him on our travels. He brings us much joy.
Monster of Fun!  COOKIE MONSTER is the greatest. he was so funny, my two year old wouldn't stop laughing. i found him hard to understand at times, but it is more than made up for by how much fun he has brought to my little girl. this is a more good buy, then that ELMO. although i own both. Elmo is worser becuase his jokes is not as good as the one that the COOKIE monster one makes.
Great Buy  Great purchase, our son loves it. It was shipped and received very quickly. He sings and laughs with it, highly recommended for Elmo fans!!
It's big & look Just like the pitcher.
Great plush set!
DIN Rail Mounting Clips and Screws  They do the job.
It's our second one. Daughter wanted a boy and girl lol.
Perfect Baby Shower Gift  Super adorable and bigger than it looks in the pictures. Perfect Baby Shower gift.
Awesome, my daycare kids love this.
A great knife  I love this knife. The first day I had it, I put it on my belt and haven't taken it off since. I have used every feature from the razor sharp blade to the carabiner/bottle opener. For the money, you will not find a better knife. It's all weather and all purpose.
... an 11-year-old Pokmon fan for his birthday and he loved it.  I ordered this for an 11-year-old Pokmon fan for his birthday and he loved it.
Nice plushie!  Well proportioned, looks the most like the character of any of the options.
Vary cute my friend will love it
one of the best PVZ plushes we have received  my son LOVES this plush. it is of very good quality --- especially compared to others i have recently ordered.
A+
Mike is so adorable our collection is complete  Well made came so fast my son is in love he plays with this everyday!!! Great size don't take up to much room..:)
Cutest little yoda!!!  Loved this little guy, bought it for my new grandson, his parents are huge star wars fans.  They loved it, was a big hit at the baby bash....It is soft, good quality and has five sayings, the one I was looking for.... "to do or not to do, there is no try" was perfect,this is my kids' favorite saying and I had found a onsie with the same saying on it, so that was important and this plush came through with flying colors.. It was perfect and perfect for any yoda lover!!  shipping was fast and as promised, on short notice, thanks...
this is adorable  Much larger than what i thought it would be .This toy is very cute and  i think my child will love it. She will be getting it for christmas
Bouncy, Bouncy Fun  She loved it!!!
Great  Perfect Elmo doll, my 2 year old son just loves this! I shopped in the time it was supposed to and packaged nice.
Item delivered quickly & was exactly as described.
nice
Great Scrump!  This Scrump was a great present for my girlfriend's Stitch collection! The detail is exactly like the picture and it's in new condition! No regrets! Scrump was in a sealed plastic cover.
My son loves it
Rockman!  Exactly as the picture very cute and awesome even my cat loves him. Came in less then a week very happy to have megaman.
Love for Jar Jar!  It's Jar Jar. It's a Tsum Tsum. It's awesome.
Might be my favorite!  So surprised @ the size, couldn't find measurements anywhere.  Might be my favorite!
Highly recommend this  This keeps my 18 month old toddler occupied for what seems like hours, which was important on a recent trip overseas. It arrived on time.  It is easy to clean--just pop it in the washing machine. I'm amazed at how quickly he is learning how the different buckles fit together.  I can also see him progressing with his colors as i ask him to "find the other orange buckle" and so forth. Its the perfect size to fit in a diaper bag or a carry on.
Great Baby Shower gift - along with the books  Too cute for words!  Great Baby Shower gift - along with the books!
I love Elmo and am sure grandson will also  Christmas gift for grandson, but I have been playing with Elmo since he arrived (quickly with Prime, I must add).  I love Elmo and am sure grandson will also!!
Peachy :)  Super soft, brightly colored, and the perfect size for my daughter to carry everywhere! :-)
Good quality Pokmon character.  Son was very happy with it.
Buckbeak is better looking in person than this photo.  I am COMPLETELY satisfied.
Fun and cute.
Cute toy - attractive colors for my grandson.
Love, Love , LOVE LOVE IT!  It's so cute, and perfect!!!!! :) Very squishable and lovable, I take it everywhere with me! <3 I totes recommit it. Got it 4 my birthday, perfect!
Great toy  My grandson loved it. She is now his girlfriend. It is very sturdy. Takes a lot of wear and tear.
Loves it.
portal cube  Its just a soft cube really, heaven knows why my boy wanted it !!! But hey ho he is happy with it
Vert cute!
Great purchase! Exactly as described and fast shipping. My nephew loves the giant microbes!
Really good quality Nice
Good for the price  Given the considerably cheaper prices than other listings, this was a fine product. The seller was incredibly helpful and delivered everything right on time. Only issue I had with the plush was that it did not match the stock photo, and that some details were a tad scrunched or off, but otherwise, a fine purchase.
Very sturdy construction, great toy for my husband.
great toy for small dogs  I have a 2.5 lb yorkie and a 4 lb maltese, they love these toys! These are great for small dogs.
He is so soft and really easy for her to grab and hold onto  My 9 month niece loves her Pete doll! He is so soft and really easy for her to grab and hold onto. I love that she can grow up with Pete.
Perfect for a 2 year old who's fallen in love with Dumbo
cute and soft  It is cute and soft though thought the ribbon  was supposed to be detached and they both came off but did no damage to the pink dress. But surprisingly don't tangle often
Cutest thing! The eyes are embroidered on - so much safer than sewn on plastic ones!
He loves them!
Satisfied! :)  Came in great condition, only because of easier packaging his wings were bent both on one side, but with the use of your hand you can correct it in a minute and the dragon looks just fine :)
Soft Monsters, Inc doll  Great stuffed animal for an infant. Nothing that they can pull off, swallow, or choke on. Great stitching. Soft to touch. Non abrasive.
Love them--for our very own "Elsie"!
Cute doll, my daughter loves it!  Very cuter mermaid doll, my daughter loves this! We go to the public library to play and they had several of these mermaid dolls. I got this one for my 3 year old's birthday and she loved it. It's very nice and very well made, sewn perfectly and it's really just a nice find. I received this item at a discount for my honest review. This is great if your kid likes mermaids.
Adorable! so soft. Not too small.  Great quality for price.
Great product. I bought this for a friend's daughter and she loves it. Best part for me, the shipping was free and super fast. Thank you!!
My daughter loves these. And the smell last for a very long time.
Great toy!! Son loves it!!
Soft and cute
Big hit.  Big hit with 5 year old recipient.
Great "going-away" gift for a foreign traveler  I always include one of this "germ" series as a Christmas gift for the kids. It's a fun way to teach about germs and  viruses they may have encountered through the year. Now they actually understand why I won't let them eat the raw cake mix ("salmonella, Mom!") or the undercooked burger ("I don't want e. coli!").  This diarrhea guy would be a fun gift in a going-away basket for a world traveler or honeymooners to Mexico, a squiggly reminder about eating and drinking while overseas!
love the movie and the characters. son loves his banana
Cutest thing ever!  I bought this as a gift for a newborn baby. And she loved it. It's so soft and organic, each piece is safe so babies can sleep with them. The blanket does not gives any allergy, easy to clean, soft for them to take on hands or lay on it. Also it is so beautiful, makes the baby feels like an angel in heaven
Cute little domo  So my son loves halloween and domo so this was a perfect choice. This is a very good size, not too big, not too small. The white skeleton part (this is painted on) glows in the dark and it is quite bright and easy to see. One thing worth mentioning, this is not made of the same material as most domo dolls. It is not the plush fluffy material, it is very smooth and not furry at all. I assume this was a neccessary change to be able to apply the glow paint. It does not bother me or my son at all and this is an excellant addition to any domo collection.
Great plush dog!  Was the best one of the bunch for my sisters Birthday surprise! She loves her weird looking,lovable dog!
Just as described. My daughter loves it.
This arrived just as shown and my daughter LOVES it. She is obsessed with How to Train Your Dragon.
MickyMinnie  A little different than photo, but great quality, still very cute and fast delivery!
product as described
Great size
Great stuffed toy  Great product, my kids loved it.  Fast shipping
This is a quality plush!  I honestly don't think I could have been more satisfied with this item.  This doll is some of the best quality I've seen in some time and it stands as a true testament to the level of craftsmanship that Disney holds their label to.  The fabric is soft and the body is beautifully shaped.  When shopping, I saw a number of other Ursula plushes but they were not as big (as long or as full bodied) and cost more.  If you're a fan of Disney Villains or just The Little Mermaid, I highly recommend this.  Run a quick comb through her hair when you get her, the hair is also beautifully soft.
My grand daughter has to have this with her every time she watches Caillou!
Love!!!  What's not to love about Tim Burton or Frankenweenie? I got this as part of a stocking stuffer and my baby loves it!!!
Great size, shape, and quality.
just what i was looking for
Great item and good shipping service
great toy  The whale is exactly as it appears and was described.  My son likes the buckles and numbers.  Very soft and easy to take on travel.
great
Super cute. :)  Humphrey couldn't be any cuter.
Happy customer  My father who loves moose absolutely adored this. He took it to work to hang on his wall and gets many compliments.
Loved the colors and the quality of the fabric.
Just what he wanted  My son loved it
My boyfriend LOVED this minion plush!  My boyfriend LOVED this minion plush! He calls it Fred, and he keeps it on top of his other minion in his room!  I went to K-Mart, and they wanted to sell me a much smaller version of this minion plush for $20. Instead, I bought this one on Amazon for $10 and it came much larger! It's much larger than what I expected. The one at K-Mart was barely 3 - 4 inches tall, and this one is about 3x the size.  The plush is also surprisingly high quality. It comes with an official minion merchandise tag if you're into collecting these. I'm not sure how they sell these in stores (I'm not sure if they come in a box in a store), but this one was shipped to me shrinkwrapped.  Plus, the little tail that comes with it on the back is just plain adorable! My only complaint is that the plush toy isn't any bigger!
Great price and delivery time  Bought it for an autistic client my agency takes care of.  Great price and delivery time.
Vader  My 7 year old thinks this is the best toy ever. Darth Vader is his favorite Star Wars character. This plush makes the Vader breathing noises. He loves it. It is well made.
Perfect  for my grandson  Winnie the Pooh is perfect!  My 2 1/2 year old grandson carries Winnie everywhere!  Great size for him. Soft and cuddly.  We are thrilled with this company and it's products!
Cuddly and Super-cute  Purchased as a Christmas gift for an 18-month-old; he absolutely loved it! The toy was super soft and absolutely adorable.
The Enrichment Center reminds you that the Weighted Companion Cube will never threaten to stab you and, in fact, cannot speak.  Not in cruelty, Not in wrath, The Reaper came today; An Angel visited this gray path, And took the cube away.
But it's exactly as promised and my grandchildren love it.  It took a long time to arrive. But it's exactly as promised and my grandchildren love it.
Great gift  I bought these as a christmas gift for my niece that was 6 months old and she loved it also my son which is 4 and autistic was drawn to it and also enjoyed it so, i think its a great toy that can even be used for therapy and to teach children with autism a lot.
Bright Colorful -- Makes Every Kid Happy  We saw this at the local zoo for fifteen dollars more than on Amazon, and my little one was thrilled when it showed up in the mail (I didn't tell her I was buying it). It's soft and super cute. Makes a perfect addition to the rather lather species stuffie collection we've got!
There is an off button, awesome little toy!  There is an off switch, open the velcro and turn the ball a bit until you see the top, (you may have to untie the ball from the toy) on the top of the ball there is an oval push button, press it and its off, I pressed again and it was just giggle, pressed again and it was giggle and wiggle.
Adorable Max!  Adorable Max!!! Goes perfect with my collection display at Christmas. Awesome Seller!!! Item was delivered fast and in excellent condition. Highly Recommend...
a Perfect toy for 16m toddler!  It's sooooooooo great! My 16m old dd loves it so much. She plays ALONE with Buster for more than 30min; so focused!!!
Super cute!  I just got my Pusheen today and she is so cute! She's authentic, super soft and super squishy. I would definitely recommend to any Pusheen fan :)
Soft Elmo for Young Children  This is the perfect Elmo.  Large, soft, and washable.  A very important feature when considering any stuffed animal for very young children, is the eyes.  Many use hard plastics, but this one uses soft plush eyes.  I love it and so does my 1 year old nephew!
Great toy. My kid loves it.  Great toy. My kid loves it.
Adorable. Bought as a gift and was well received. Small, but was perfect size.
This Dory is the sweetest.  What a great price for such a quality product!  I love the shimmer in the fabric and the sweet smile.  What a sweet toy!!!!!
Love it!!!!
he is good quality and true to the image  this guy is soooooo cute. he is good quality and true to the image, he also came way earlier that expected. I would definitely recommend this product for any Pokmon fan
Great Stocking Stuffer!  I ordered this for my grandson as a stocking stuffer.  It was the right size and quality was very good.  He was very happy with his present.
The packaging was easy to open and he was ready to played with  I was surprised how fast cody was shipped. It told us 5-8 days, but we got him in 3. The packaging was easy to open and he was ready to played with.  My son loves carrying him around and he's the prefect size for my 13 month old.
Super cute!  I was worried about getting a counterfeit because reviewers claimed to receive them. It turned out to be the real deal and it's incredibly soft and plushy. It was very cheap and I'm very satisfied. Got more than what I paid for! I got it from the seller geyashop if anyone wants to be cautious with counterfeits.
Super cute and great price!
My 2-year-old LOVES this Elmo!  I purchased this Elmo for my daughter's 2nd birthday.  She absolutely LOVES him!  It was very easy to program right inside in the box.  Elmo is the perfect size for my little one to carry around, and she loves to press his hand over and over so that he talks.  His voice clarity is great.  The only things I would like to mention is that Elmo repeats his phrases in random order, so you may get stuck listening to one particular phrase several times before he returns to a different phrase.  He says things like "(Your child's name) loves (favorite beverage), Elmo does too".  He also says favorite animal, 2 favorite foods, and 2 friends names.  The regularity of Elmo mentioning the friends names is not that often I've noticed.  He may play the same song several times and repeat the other phrases many times before he mentions the friend's name.  This doesn't seem to bother my little one at all, as she is just excited that Elmo is talking to her.  If you are programming Elmo for your child's birthday, I believe that if Elmo is set to "off" it is not keeping track on the internal clock of what day it is.  I programmed Elmo about 2 weeks before my daughter's birthday and then turned him off, and he is still saying "your birthday is in 2 days" and her birthday was last month!!  Overall this is a great buy if your child loves Elmo!!
Grandson loved it
We love Kyle.  This took awhile to get here, but was a hit at Christmas this year. Kyle seems well made and we would buy it again. Got lots of smiles from the kids.
Official Pokemon Vaporeon Plush  I ordered a Vaporeon plush, and I was vey happy with the product I recieved! This is an official pokemon plush, You can tell because it has the copyrights on the tag attached to its back leg. This plush is very soft and isn't over or under stuffed. My Vaporeon also came around the expected arrival date which was nice. I would defiantly order from this seller again.
One Star  My son loves it!
My child loved it.
Beautiful, perfect, excellent. Prompt delivery.
My grandson enjoyed it. I wish it would have been bigger, All in all the product was nice.  Small but cute
Cute!
So cute love them  I'm a huge studio ghibili fan and these little guys are so cute.  I would have 20 of them if I could. Great quality
Best choice for Canon EOS Rebel XSi  My Canon EOS Rebel XSi/450D came from the camera shop with a Delkin 4GB Class 6 SDHC card, which worked admirably, but after I switched to RAW + L shooting, did not last through an evening show with my favorite rock bands.  I bought some comparable 8GB Patriot Class 6 SDHC cards and in spite of reformatting the media in the camera, after 5-10 photos I would get an "Err 02" code. My camera would halt and refuse to take more images until I removed and reinserted the media. The images apparently were stored OK and read correctly in my computer, but it really cramped my style.  I went back to the Delkin line and picked up this 16GB unit, and it works perfectly. I will be ordering another one of these cards, to be sure.
Soft and adorable. Disney tags attached. Perfect size.
niece for her first birthday and she loved it, The wiggles are her favorite show  I bought this for my grt. grt. niece for her first birthday and she loved it, The wiggles are her favorite show.
Really cute  This is SO cute and SO soft! My son sleeps with it every night! 
Cute!  I bought this as a gift for a friend and she loved it! It's super cute and soft! Although I hear her cat liked to go after the tail and whiskers so watch out for pets. ;)
My nephew loves his Peppa Pig Family
Bonnie plush  I love this plush. It's really big and I know my daughter is going to love it for her birthday.
Amazing plush  It is my first day having this plush and it is very soft were it is red. My only issue is that the flaps on Groudons head are covering his eyes but the eyes are still visible. Plus it can stand on its own
Great price.
Nice Addition to My Uglydolls Collection  I truly love this set of stuffed friends. The material Icebat is made from is very soft and not at all ugly, despite the makers' statement that these dolls are made from the "ugliest materials" they could find.  Icebat is fitting in nicely with OX, Cinko, and Uglydog, and with the bat fairies, Brandtii and Oreo, who sometimes visit me.  He comes with a small card describing him in detail. (His dossier is very cute.)  For those who decide they like these dolls, I recommend a visit to the official Uglydolls website for a peek at their T-shirts and the 7 inch dolls. The smaller versions are different colors than the larger ones.  J.H. Sweet, author of The Fairy Chronicles, and Uglydolls collector
dog toys with no squeeker. last a long time
Not correct size !!!  It says 21" mickey mouse but actual product I received was of 17". Product was good but the size was not same as it is mentioned in the product description.
Nice
Great.  Exactly what I was expecting. I've used the product before, and this was exactly the same thing. It came quickly as well. Thanks.
Tight
good, good price
Loved it!  I got this Mickey for my daughter. It's the size of my little one and she loves it! Nice and soft, but doesn't shed
Super soft and high quality  My nephew loved this. Super soft and surprisingly big. Looks great. He grabbed him and started chewing on his nose right away. Very pleased with this Mickey.
Very soft and cuddly. My nephew LOVES this Elmo doll!
Soft and adorable  This is a nice gift for a new baby. It's soft, cuddly, and cute. I'm guessing it will be baby's favorite!
I love these little guys I hope my grandkis love them too
good purchase
I love the fennakin
adorable.  I bought this to cheer myself uip and I love it. bery good quality. so good that a friend bought me another one anime expo 2013
Awesome!!!  I reckon for Valentines day you buy your gf this instead of a teddy bear ;)
Sven from Disney's Frozen  I looked everywhere to find Sven for my daughter. I was happy to find it here. It was exactly what I was looking for and considering it was right after the holidays the shipping was not to bad as well.
Cute orca  It's soft and super cute. Nice toy.
My Grandson Loves it!  My grandson is a pokemon fan and really likes Tepig.  He carrys this little stuffed Tepig with him now wherever he goes!
Rebuying!  My niece has always loved this toy. She got it as a gift when she was just a few months old and she had such a great time with it, until her father threw it a little too high in the air one day and didn't quite catch it. After that she still played with it even though it didn't sing anymore... but she loves to hear him sing so we just ordered her a new one and a squeeze a song cookie monster to go with it. I can't wait to see her face this Christmas!
awesome
happy to collect all of the bubble guppies for my granddaughter
Great gift for someone  Love it  Love it !! looks like a real baby wolf !!! My boyfriend is going to love it. estuve buscando diferentes y este fue el que mas me llamo la atencion por tantos detalles que tiene. Lo recomiendo muchisimo
100% perfect, worth EVERY penny  I noticed my child taking an interest in buckles and Zippers, but is too young to tie, so I thought this toy would be better then one with all those tiny strings and buttons. It was a little expensive but it was a serious hit. It is played with every day for quite some time as well. I can see how intently my child concentrates to buckle the buckles and they aren't too hard or too easy to get the hang of. My child is 18 mos. Best buckle toy ever!
Authentic tsum tsum. Thanks!
Awesome! :)  This plush is truly adorable and well made. It's a must-have for any Sasuke, Naruto, Anime and/or Manga fan. I highly recommend. :)
super cute
Overall this is a great little stuffed animal  This is a very cute toy. We purchased the Harry the Doctor version. The toy itself is very soft. The detail of his scrubs are ironed on but that doesn't bother us at all. The overcoat comes off completely and is east to put back on. There are no small parts that would worry me. Overall this is a great little stuffed animal. My kids have been enjoying playing with it. I did receive this at a discount for my HONEST and UNBIASED opinion. And that is exactly what I gave you, like most people here on amazon I rely on reviews to gauge whether a product is worth buying. So when I leave a review on a product I leave it honestly so hopefully others have a better idea of what they are buying. I hope this review helped you, if it did please feel free to hit the yes button so I know it did :).
yay James  so cute my 19 month old loves it!
This sweet doll looks just like her picture and is soft and cuddly - my three year old squealed with delight when she saw it.  The hat and sweater around the waist are sewn in, but the sweater came free when my daughter tugged on it.  It's a perfect rendition of the classic strawberry shortcake I knew as a little girl.  I'm thrilled to see this wholesome toy is still around.
Jungle Jill giraffe  Product was a perfect addition to my baby shower gift. Couldn't find the product in stores, found on Amazon and received within a week
All the different buckles and zipper is perfect for his fine motor skills  My toddler LOVES this toy! All the different buckles and zipper is perfect for his fine motor skills. He's becoming a pro at it now.
Cute toy for the daughter!
Perfect doll for my daughter who like Frozen
perfect!  It was soft cuddley and perfect five stars
I love my Socrates plush  It's a perfect doll for a library
Classic Pooh Tigger  Tigger is adoreable. I would have preferred a larger version but was unable to locate one. I am completely satisfied with him though and received in a timely manner.
Great
Awesome!  So soft & fluffy!  Gotta love the awesome smile!  My daughter loves it!
Great product. My son is in Plants vs  Great product.  My son is in Plants vs. Zombies and loves the plush toys.  These are hard to find in local stores.
a little smaller than I expected but not a problem.
My daughter ordered this and its just the right size. Goes well with her other Pokemon plushes
My son loves it!
Better than expected. Such beautiful faces and quality. I am thrilled with this product! Absolutely adorable!
My 2 year old daughter loves this toy!
Two thumbs up!!
We love our " Krinklephant" as we call it for our 3 month old.  He loves holding on to it in the car.  He is  teething so the bandana helps.  Fun little toy.
Emergency dragon!  I couldn't find this item anywhere locally & I promised to get my son one when he was hospitalized for a week. Thank you for having him, I'm very grateful! He's beautiful and my son adores him.
My nephew loves it.
Mario Brothers characters just as popular now as when they first came out!!!  Anything dealing with Mario and Luigi is a sure winner for my grandson!  Five plush characters were bought and he plays with all of them.
Bubbles.  Bubbles. Bubbles.
My son loves it
It is adorable, better than on the picture  It is adorable, better than on the picture. Very nicely put together and the apple makes it even cuter. Wonderful gift
awesome!!  the domo panda is awesome, bigger then I thought, the shipping was fast the domo is a limited edition and I'm totally satisfyed. Hands down good quality.
Fun Toy  Black Yoshi is a very soft and comfy toy- it's smaller than I thought it would be, but it's well made, and great for any child to play with.
Nice toy  My 8 year old grandson loves these toys.  He was so excited to receive it.  It is a nice replication of the Pokmon that he likes.
great  My grandson absolutely loved it. He's into star wars and this was a great addition to his collection. He even rides in the car with a seatbelt on.
My son was very happy with the item I purchased 4 his birthday.
Perfect gift for my son  My son really loves this toy. He just loves Nemo and this looks just like him except the extra fins on the bottom. Still I would recommend this to any Nemo lover!
Was what i wanted bought as a gift
Well loved!  The kid who received this cat as a birthday gift almost two years ago, still sleeps with it every night! Adorable plush toy!
Cute
what I needed to complete the collection we started  This product is great to have for all the main characters of Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer. Would get before they are gone
My Granddaughter loves it
Adorable!  It is so cute. It's soft and detailed.  It was delivered within 4 days. I love it. It's a great item for a gift.
Excellent! nice!!! everything ok!
Cute little elves  I like them
So happy I ordered this!  Arrived a month early, and is definitely the legitimate pokemon center doll! Incredibly happy especially after the last one I ordered (from a different seller obviously) turned out to be a fake, hideous, huge, handmade thing. False advertising at its finest, but I should have read the reviews. Anyway, this one is so super cute and is now sitting with my pokemon plush collection.
Very Cute!!  Good size and very adorable and soft. Seems like decent quality. Would recommend to friends and it's worth the cost.
... Cat came in today and we both fell in love with it  My Mom's Bocchetta Cat came in today and we both fell in love with it. We are definitely going to order another one soon. Here is a picture with one of our cats and Onyx:)
Its the best  This was a present for my fiance and she loved it. She's a wanna be Star Wars fan but I got it for her because she tries to get into it and this makes her feel like the ultimate fan. She does love her Yoda!!
REALLY COOL LOOKING  Bigger than I thought and quite soft.  I bought it for my granddaughter because she loves every critter out there, and this would be something different.  Great buy!!!
WAAA! IT'S WALUIGI TIME!
A cute toy for the littlest Star Wars fans  The toy is adorable, sort of an extra furry teddy bear that happens to be a Wookie. It reminds me some of a toy Ewok I had back in the 80s, very cute.
my daughter LOVES this dog she thinks it's a real puppy!
Worth it!  Very soft and well made!
Super cute and decent size. All in all a very good product for the money
GREAT  VERY SCARY FACE BUT KIDS LOT TO PLAY WITH THIS TOY. WASHABLE AND CUDDLY. WILL RECOMEND THIS ITEM TO MY FRIENDS
Good
Great product  Took a couple weeks to arrive but worth the wait. Great product
Love it!!  It is so cute! Its so small and soft! You will NOT regret the decision to buy Plue! Too Cute!!
Perfect!  This was a perfect prop for our Mario Kart themed group costume this year!  It is exactly as described.  It is incredibly soft.  Also, it was mercifully easy to clean.  Wario got some black face paint from his mustache all over the star, but it came off really easily with some soap and water.
cute and i love it  cute and i love it
Super cute little guy  Super cute little guy, may order more. Perfect for the 1 year old it was purchased for. Arrived in time. Very pleased, as usual.
Great gift for a snivy lover!  Great gift if you giftee loves snivy. It is great. it turns into that ball they come in and its fun. Thanx amazon
Eyes aren't hard plastic  I like this Elmo because the eyes are fabric and don't clank around in the crib.
Really soft and sweet  Sweet bunny. Really soft. Got the pink one too.
very cute  Shipped quickly and quality was great as advertised.  Could not find this in any store so was very pleased to see it here.
Link Plush  Good quality Link plush. Not cheap materials and sewn poorly as I've seen with other Link plush toys. This Link plush toy has a small fabric shield shield sewn on the back. There is a small fabric sword sewn onto his hand. He has a hat sewn on. His boots are a leather-like material. My son is very happy with this Link plush.
The Woody doll  This is the best gift yet my grandson LOVE'S Woddy AM so glad I was able to purchase this item. Thank You Carlos Rodriguez
Adorable
Super Cute; Perfect size to "cuddle" for a toddler  My 4 year old LOVES Lilo & Stitch. I bought this for her because she was always making a "bed" for stitch at the bottom of her bed and the size of this is big enough to satisfy the bed she was making. The size of this is perfect for pretend play for a toddler or preschooler. Everything about this Stitch plush is cute and no hard spots, (like some stuffed animals eyes) which I personally liked. Highly recommended!
Great product, very happy little girl  My 6 year old daughter LOVES it! Very cuddly, it was her favorite present for her birthday!
GREAT TOY
Love  Love it! My son loves The Little Blue Truck book so much he makes me read it to him 5 times in a row if I allow it. He has really enjoyed this toy now especially that it beeps!
What a lil Character  I think Deema is such as fun character cause she's got attitude. My grandaughter has the whole set of GUPPIES!
Perfect in everyday!!  Made my 16 month old granddaughter a happy girl!! Thanks for the fast shipment and excellent quality of my order
So, so cute!!
Very cute! No arms really give the gattor character.
gift for a Beatrix Potter fan - she loved it!
Very cute! The tail is very fluffy and can shed quite a bit though.
the awesome flying monkey  I had read about this online and randomly sent it to my best friendas a gag b'day gift.  It is way cooler than I thought. I'll be getting one for myself soon.
Beautiful
CUTEST stuffed Papillon ever!!!!  SOOOOO freaking adorable!!!!!!!!!!! I was so so happy with this purchase!!! It is for our daughter, as it looks just like our Papillon!!!!! She is going to love it, problem is, I LOVE it too!!!!  Great quality!!!! Arrived on time, great packaging, and price!!!! VERY happy with the purchase!!!!!! It is a Christmas gift, I will have to post her loving on it that morning!!
So cute!!  I gave this adorable little wolf to a friend for her new baby.  The baby loves it, but I think her mom loves it as much.  Adorable!
Good quality  Birthday gift for my son . He loves collecting these minecraft plushys
Daughter Loves Him  This is the cutest E.T. on the planet.  My daughter had to have him when we were on our vacation in Florida.  He is 9" tall and the perfect size to carry around with her everywhere she goes.  He is extremely soft and very well constructed.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Universal-Studios-E-T-The-Extra-Terrestrial-Super-Cutie-Big-Eye-9-34-Plush-Toy/dp/B01C62L7R4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Universal Studios E.T. The Extra Terrestrial Super Cutie Big Eye 9" Plush Toy</a>
... old grandson loves Toy Story and Woody is his favorite. He will love this Woody doll for  My three year old grandson loves Toy Story and Woody is his favorite. He will love this Woody doll for Christmas
Cute!  Cute and good quality
Perfect!
very nice!  I got 2 of these as Xmas gifts first of all my dog was trying to go after it thankful we avoided that lol...but the 2 kids that got them as gifts were thrilled. This Elmo is supper soft and nicely made.
cute!
Perfect
Sharp and user friendly  I bought this knife for my husband as a Christmas gift, and surprisingly he also bought one for me!  We laughed it off and intended on returning one until we actually used one of them. We quickly concluded that we each needed one.  It is fantastic!  The handle is comfortable and the design of the knife offers great range of motion.  After a few years of use (I think 4+)the knives are still razor sharp needing no maintenance.  It is a little large for a paring knife but I quickly got used to the difference in size.  I highly recommend this knife!
Got these for my son and he loves them.. they even came sooner than I had expected!
So cool. Charizard plush  So cool.  Charizard plush.  I am excited to give this as a gift.
A happy gift even though he looks sad... SMELLS BAD!
perfect  perfect, my daughter loves it...
My granddaughter was very happy.
a gift
i love so much !!!  He is the best thing I got this month!
my grandson, 15 months old, was wide eyed and will not let Mickey go!!!
Great for young boys.
My 4 month olds favorite story. :-)-
exactly what he wanted came quickly
Nephew loved it!  I got this for my 8 year old nephew for Christmas. He loves Star Wars (and for some reason the Dark side!). He loved this stuffed Darth Vader. It is 7" as described. It arrived on time. Great gift!
Fun gift item  Fun gift item. Unlike some other plush slippers, these run true to size and are roomy.  Wish they'd have put a little blood  around the mouth, though. ha ha!
It got her much more quickly than expected and has a nice spot on the center of my pillows  My son bought me this for Christmas. It's a lovely large size, soft and and cuddly. It got her much more quickly than expected and has a nice spot on the center of my pillows
good quality and bigger than I thought  good quality and bigger than I thought
Pete the Cat never fails to impress teachers, students, children, and everyone else!  What an amazing little HAND PUPPET.  It's a HIT with everyone.  Pete the Cat never fails to impress teachers, students, children, and everyone else!
Great quality
The deer is so cute. The are small but I knew that when I ordered. I can't wait to see my son's expression on Christmas morning when he opens it. I am putting it on a plaque, to make it bigger and to look more real.
Very soft and cute!
Best gift I gave anyone this year. My 2 year old nephew went nuts for this thing.
Excellent toy, it has a good size, very realistic
Good plushie super rabbid.  Can't think of one bad thing about it.
Made a 10 Year Old's Birthday!  Much smaller in person that I expected it to be but this is what my niece wanted and what my baby wants, she gets!  She was so happy with it!
Great  Great
Son loved this!
Good quality !
kid loved it !
Wonderful Plushie!  (I took a long time to write a review) I bought this a year or two ago along with the matching Ciel plush. The things I dislike about the plushie: It's slightly smaller than the Ciel plushie (Ciel's tail is longer than his, and Ciel is just plain out larger), and his head is a bit "triangular" when his hood is off. But that shouldn't be too much of a problem because he was meant for his hood to be up. All in all it's a great buy and would recommend.
Awesome
My grandson love it!  I purchased this along with other Angry Birds for my grandson for Christmas.  He loved this one and all of them!
My little granddaughter loves this.
cannot be happier! Highly recommend  My niece absolutely loves this! cannot be happier! Highly recommend!
Grandson will love it.  It was exactly as described.  My minecraft fan will love it.
big bird  I bought this for a one and half year old and she loves it! The price was reasonable and the shipping fast. A great experience!
Very happy with my purchase  The little boy we purchased this for was ecstatic.  It more than exceeded my expectations.
Love it. I have bought two
Super  My daughter loves it.  Super cute
I love it!  I love it! It helps me remind myself of my inner childhood!
This bomb plush is so cute! Just be careful with the winder or it might rip off. Other than that 5 stars!
Good loon sound  Very nice.  Truly sounds like a loon!
Happy with product  prompt delivery.  Happy with product.  Good quality.
GREAT PRODUCT!  This product is GREAT! It is extremely soft, comfortable and well made. It is a perfect size so snuggle with!
gift
Great deal! Great vendor!  Came on time and in great condition. It was a gift for an elderly woman in an assisted living facility. She loves Peanuts. And she loved Charlie Brown! Thank you!!
Came in vacuum sealed bag.  Once opened, I was impressed with the quality.
This is so cute! And my daughter absolutely adores it!
Great for the price  This is probably the best wallet/coin purse you can get for less than 5 dollars. It's very good quality and can fit quite a bit.
Very nice!
FUNNY!!  I bought this gift for my 25 year old step son. His ring tone is the little girl saying...."its so fluffy I could die"....LOL...he got a kick out of this!!
Perfect!
Made a little girl happy!  Great quality and just what my granddaughter wanted. Arrived on time and in perfect condition.  A little over priced for the size.
If your kid loves Elmo, he/she will love this doll!  Our toddler can't go anywhere without his Elmo!
Cute  I almost hate how adorable it is because I want one for myself now. Bought it for a friend and she loves it.
Lovely Plush for Kids of All Ages  I love these stuffed animals. They are so cute, very soft, and best of all machine washable! That's right, you can toss this into the laundry with your little ones clothes and it comes out clean and smelling fresh. It's a good size even for smaller kids and isn't too big to cart around for trips and car rides.
Adorable  This thing is so stinking cute.  Got nothing bad to say about this little guy!
Great doll  This is an excellent classic Minnie doll and it comes with the Disney tag on it, so it is perfect for gift giving. My order came a day earlier than expected.
Very cute and well made.
Adorable!  A definite fun plush of Luna that is a must have! This one is my favorite. The moon on her head is slightly bigger than on the Princess Serenity plush (idk why though, but it actually looks better) And unseen in this photo, there's a little printed anklet around her left foot.  After she's sits, she's about 5" tall, so she may seem smaller because of it.   My only complaint is they put the tag on their heads. But is she is too cute!!! <3
Nice item.  Very pleased
soft , sweet and cuddily  it's as cute as can be. . My grandaughter will love it . I have seen it other places. This is a bargain.
Excellent  Exactly as expected, great quality, look, and feel. I will definitely buy more from this brand as this is the third winner I have purchased.
I love the wrap around blankie with it too  My daughter loves the movie Maleficent and was so excited to have her own Maleficent 'bebe'. I love the wrap around blankie with it too.
Super fluffy, great Christmas gifts for dogs/owners  So cute & bigger than expected. Super fluffy, great Christmas gifts for dogs/owners.
This is so cute!
My favorite one!!!!!  This out of all my plus hie this is my ultimate favorite. It is furry big and awesome!!!!! Thank you so much!!!!!!!!
A very cute plush of one of my favorite characters from the SAO world  A very cute plush of one of my favorite characters from the SAO world. Highly reccomended for anyone who collects plushies or even just really loves Kirito.
Kids Love it.  Perfect for little kids, less than 4 Years.
Great !!
Great toy  I bought this Furby for my 3 year old daughter, and she loves it, although she doesn't understand how to interact with it too well yet...
Adorable  My granddaughter has the full sized Hansa Rooster and White Hen, and wanted the baby chick. I love Hansa stuffed animals, as the quality is excellent and they do not feel cheep (pardon the pun). I recommend Hansa stuffed animals if you like something a little bit different and good quality.
It was a hit!  My granddaughter loved it!
It was perfect and super  I used this for THE MITTEN book in our preschool class. It was perfect and super cute
Perfect for small children  My grandson loves this!
Love!  It's so so so cute! I love it so much, not only that but it came with a little extra toy as well, it's perfect and the company is so nice.
my daughter totally loves him - plays with it every day
Super cute  Got this for my son who loves anything Mario and he won't let it go.  This was well made to withstand being played with
I have this. Got it as a present
cute cuddley and adorable  LOVE this .. littlesmaller than pillow pet but that makes it more cute and easier to travel..... soft and cuddley
Kind of light colored but works for me  Cool plush, got it for a pal and she loved it.
Its perfect!  Cant wait to give this as a gift! Its perfect!
Super soft  Came in fast. Been played with lots by our 4 year old and 5 month old. Still holds in shape great
Sully  I bought this toy for my 2 yr old grandson. He fell in love with the movie and just loves Sully. Thank You Pixar for the great movies you have put out!!!! This item comes as advertised and the shipping was fast as advertised.
The horse type blue nose animals continue to be the cutest of them all!
She loved it
Great toy for travel  Kept my 20 month old occupied for over an hour on plane.  Great travel toy.
having fun with item
Yes!  Great quality! Larger than expected, but that's no disappointment! Esp to my daughter. She loves her Mickey!
A big hit with my son. He took her to the movie theater.
He's cute I love him
Security I need  My daughter loves these. We ordered a few more, so that when one gets in a condition that it is falling apart, we have some on hand to replace.
Very nice!  Nice and precise cut. The EK Success Cutter Bee scissor is just great for detailed scrapbooking cuts. Titanium avoids that adhesive tape stays in the scissor.
Great Purchase!!  This Winnie the Pooh bear is exactly what I was looking for!  Great quality!  I would highly recommend!
Nice  Excellent! Our little one loved it  He slept with it the first night and used it in many creative ways.
My kiddo loves it!
So awesome!!!
Very Pleased.  The material is super sturdy.  The quality is much better than past purchases of Mario Plush toys.  My kiddo is happy.
Really nice plush!  This Pokemon plush is very nice quality and very attractive representation of this character. My little guy has been very happy with this toy and plays with it a lot! Not cheaply made like some. Avoid the cheap Pokemon Center knock-offs because you definitely get what you pay for... I learned the hard way!
so cute
Nikko Christmas China  We have had this Nikko Christmas china for years but found we had more company coming for Christmas than we had china.  It reached us in record time, packaged beautifully - in perfect condition.  The table looked beautiful.  Thank you!
Its small and cute and my girlfriend loved it.
She loved it! Great size and excellent material  I bought this for my niece's birthday party themed Mary Poppins. She loved it! Great size and excellent material. Even the adults wanted one!
Very plush  He seemed to be loved by my grand  Very plush
Bunnies  Wonderfully cute bunnies. Beatrix potter would approve!  My grand daughter loves them she even diapered one of them. Nice gift
I love it !!!!!!
Smells Yummy
They love how soft and cuddly they are  I bought 2 of them.  They love how soft and cuddly they are.
It was perfect I loved it from the moment I opened it from the box just wish it wasn't expensive I loved it regardless I just hope it learns and speaks English soon that's my only problem. Everything else was great packaging shipping too.
Its as expected  It matches the description, Not much to say about it. Bought this as a much cuter elf on the shelf.
So nice and softer and cute no description I yes love it !! I wish all of them come on the same material
Thanks
Angry bird  I was easy to find on the web page and it didn't take that long to ship to me, being Christmas time I was worried but I got it with a lot of time to spare
love it!
This was a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves this little cutie!
Great toys and a great price  Great toys. My three year old son loves them and plays with all of them. Shipping was slow but that's because it came from China. I will be buying a back up set.
Great toy and good service
Baby loves it!!
always a great present
LOVE!!  I am personally very pleased with this purchase.  I was a little concerned after reading some reviews.  My 17 month old LOVES Bubble Guppies!!  The product was as described.  We are very happy with Molly!! :)
great product.  came quickly.  great product.
Excellent product
We received this product and it was in excellant condition!
Adorable, so very well made and physically accurate . The price is reasonable also. Thank you!.
A GREAT PLAYFUL ANF FUN DOLL!  A REALLY WELL-MADE DOLL!  GREAT REPRESENTATION AND IT MAKES ME SMILE EVERY TIME I SEE IT. I WHOLE-HEARTEDLY RECOMMEND BUYING THESE 'PRODUCTS' AND EMPLOYING THESE PHILOSOPHER GUILD MEMBERS!  I'LL BE BUYING THE ELEANOR ROOSEVELT DOLL SOON.  MY HEROES!  MAYBE THERE'LL BE A WOODY GUTHRIE DOLL?
fast shipping and super cute!
Love it!
Christmas Baking Delivery  I bake stollen for all the neighbors each holiday season, and this is the perfect wrap -- festive, while letting the pretty baked goods show through!  Just what was called for ... and the generous roll means I have plenty for next year too!
perfect,all as described., December 4, 2014  Verified Purchase This review is from: X-large Marge Simpson Plush 22" Doll (Toy) perfect,all as described.
perfect  Flawless <3 absolutely satisfied. Well be buying from them again :)
Happy baby  Great buy for my lil one. She loves buckleing n unbuckling things. This is a great way to distract them.
Snowden!  Bought this because my mother really likes collecting them. I love that I got it at a decent price and very clean. Great in any home for the holidays.
Plush Activity Doll Boy  Cute little plush doll, it came in great condition and just what I had it expected.  It looks like the picture and I was pleased with my purchase.
The cutest idea!  These are so darn cute! Well made, looked adorable on our tree last Christmas, I purchased several different sets can't have too much of a cute thing :)
Cute!!  I love it. It is very cute.
Very nice huge Elmo  My son LOVES this Elmo.  It's huge and bigger than my three year old.  Smells a little odd at first, but that wears off.  So far, he is holding up great!
Daughter got this for Christmas yesterday and she hasn't set it down :)
As expected. Star Wars Plush fits right into the 9" collection of plush toys.
Love my Grinch! Hung him on a wreath to go with a Grinch theme in my home!
Toby the St. Bernard  This is the cutest St. Bernard I ever saw in my life!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome, even for an adult!  Pretty awesome stuffed monster! It's actually probably one of the nicest stuffed monsters I've ever owned. Don't let you kid open it though, because it comes stuffed in a plastic bag that kind of makes it look like a Mafia murder victim (stuffed into the bag, all contorted, kind of doubled over backwards. It was a little unsettling, even for a guy in his mid-20's).  Great stuffed monster though, just plain adorable. I highly recommend this for children and immature 20-somethings alike!
Deadpool Deadpool!  My son's favorite 'hero'..........perfect lil guy and stands on his own as well
Love the muppets
Year one Christmas present.  To see the delight on my grandaughters face when she opened up her Mickey mouse,was the best present I could have forChristmas.
Too funny!  I sent these as a Christmas gift to my grammar school age nephews in Virginia, and they loved them.  I Skyped with them recently, and they kept flinging them across the camera on their end so I could enjoy them, too!  What a great little gift.  I gave some to my brother-in-law and older nephew here in town, too, and we all had fun flinging them around.
Perfect  He looks the way he does in the picture and seems well crafted. The materials are nice and he feels soft.
Domo Kun Ftw!  This domo is great :] If you're looking for a domo thats big enough to hug, furry, and squishy, buy this one for sure. My package came way before I expected it and once I recieved it it looked great. The seller did more than enough to make me happy :)  I got this domo for my boyfriend because he's obsessed with domo. I was worried that the texture of the domo wouldn't be what I wanted. It has the classic domo patchy kind of feel of the fur, which is what I wanted. Although it had some weird things bout it like, there was a little excess fur coming off, and some glue around his teeth, it wasn't anything that was unfixable. Overall this domo kun is great ;] Oh and another thing to keep in mind is that the domo is bout 9 1/2 inches tall. I know that the product description says 10, but its still just as hug able and adorable.
Love It  This is another must if these guys are your favorites! The size and the color are amazing, they are soft and very plush. A great buy!
Purchased this for my one year old son and he loves it! It is very small though. I feel like the price was a little high for it to be so small.
Replacement  This is a toy from the original premiere of Monster's Inc. ten years ago, I am so glad to have found it!
I did not purchase on Amazon but plan to get back up soon since I just located it! My brother got this for our daughter as a gift. It is THE essential bedtime buddy. Literally if I walk out of my daughters room without turning it on she screams at me until I realize why. It has been in her bed since literally night one and that's was over 4 months ago. I see her holding his hand and even moving around her bed she must locate him and hold his hand for comfort because she can settle in. I will buy a second.... and frankly as many as I have to do we always have one on hand.
perfect for your little Rebel  This blanket is super soft and has held up to many washings. Well worth the cost!
Loved the movie and wanted a Boov of my own!
LOVE IT
Mu 18 month loves her buckle toy..thank uou for fast shipping
This is a nice size, soft  This is a nice size, soft, bright colors.  I like that there are no pieces that pull off for the little ones holding/playing with this plush toy.
Nice  If you any of the toys from toy story, this will complete the set for Woody. This came in perfect condition and fast delivery.
i love it!  Cute kurmoi plush for me, i love it!!!
loved this toy  My daughter, who is two, loved this toy. It kept her very busy on our plane ride.
Probably my favorite super mario plush I've gotten lately; the little legs are adorable.
Son loves it!  This was a birthday present for my son.  He loves it!  He can play a little rough with it, throwing it around with his other plushes, and it's holding up well.  It seems quite durable.  Seems well-made and I think it will last a while.
Fun toy  A fun toy for the kids. Was well received.
My children love these stuffed animals over anything else I buy them
We have washed it several times and it still looks brand new--- except for the tuft of troll like hair on top  My daughter loves this plush. We have washed it several times and it still looks brand new--- except for the tuft of troll like hair on top. That's a little matted. But she loves it just the same.
SO SO SWEET  So adorable
Yoda!  We have been collecting the 5" plush Angry Birds characters for my son for awhile now.  He stages full on battles with these guys.  So much fun.  He uses his imagination and they aren't too big, so storage really isn't an issue.  Yoda rocks.  Seriously, how can you go wrong?
Smaller than I thought but daughter still loved it
Amazing! Its very funny!
Baby loves!  We have the monkey version of this toy and baby loves it! Lots to play with and chew on while teething. Baby will play with this endlessly, so we've now given it as a gift twice too! Great little toy!
FAST shipping, Hawk just as described. Thanks!
Adorable! My son really wanted the Alien and it is very nicely made. Came packaged nice and protected and was in perfect condition.
Great Item  My granddaughter is obsessed with all things Pooh.  Piglet is her new favorite friend to sleep with.  This was a great purchase.
Great product!  My son absolutely loves it!  We've had it for almost a month now and my son plays with it constantly.  Great product!
Perfect size, nothing wrong with my doll.
My son is going to love it!  Received on time.  My son is going to love it!
Happy son an daughter  Kids love it bought 2 my daughter carrys stitch every where kids happy im happy
Super cute  Grandson loves this Elmo.
it's wonderful!  So much larger than I assumed it would be, it's wonderful!
Collector Review  This is so worth the money the only problem is that his nose is a lttle bit big.
Cute!  I got this plush giraffe for my cousin's baby shower and she loved it. It was well made and soft.
Persephone is Dog-Gone Cute!  Adorable!  Too cute for words! Gave it to a dog-loving friend for Christmas and we both had a good laugh. Great price too.
A bit overpriced but well-made  My 12-year old daughter loves this version of Meloetta. A little overpriced in my opinion, but it is nicely made since it's an official version. So I suppose if your kid wants one, you might as well get the real deal, so you don't end up with the strange malformations that can come on knock-offs.
She likes it. I think it's weird
Unique!  This product arrived perfect, exactly like I expected. This was the best baby shower gift that made everyone just go crazy over it! I bought both pink and green and will always bring one of these to every baby shower going forward. This is a must have!!!!
Adorable  Makes a great gift for axolotl fans.
Excellent quality stuffed doll.
Well made... my son loves these guys.
My best friend  I'm very happy with this purchase. It's a little smaller than I expected but seems to be of good quality. And it's very soft. While it has been a faithful companion, my companion cube cannot accompany me through the rest of the test. And it threatened to stab me. So I had no choice but to throw it into the incinerator.
Perfect!  Came quickly and just as described. I can't wait to see how my granddaughter likes it when I see her in a few weeks!
Quality  This was for my daughter, so I have no sentimental feelings about it. It did seemed well made with good quality control and she loved it, so I guess that's all that matters.
Good Product.  Good Price  Good basic mouse that I am still using today.  Works well and it is not to small in average adult size hands.
Nice  She loved it! Thanks again!
Boo is a good toy  Bought for my 5 year old son to go with his collection of Mario stuffed plush toys.  It holds up well to rough play as kids will do with stuffed toys
Purchased for a baby shower gift.
Hilarious!  Best gag gift ever for a white elephant party! People were fighting over it wanting chlamydia LOL It was quite the scene after a few spiced apple ciders.
Bought this for one of our grandsons, he loves it!
Excellent for gift or collectible!  It may seem a little expensive because of the price and the size of the plush, but once you have it, it just worth every single cent. I mean you have to consider the size of this plush which is around 5in or 13cm, before buying it. The plush is very soft and perfect for a pokefan gift or just as collectible. I bought a charmander plush recently and was a little dissapointed because wasn't like the picture in some details but this one is just excellent!!
Grandson loves it.
Don't hesitate to purchase!  If you are thinking about buying this item, DO NOT HESITATE! It is awesome! It is at least 9" tall and talks! Comes perfectly packaged. LOVE it! Great item, great price! Thank you!
Extremely cute!
Kids LOVE this toy.  Something they always go back to.  Both my 2 and 1 year old LOVE this toy.  They are fascinated by buckles and play with this for hours.
Arrived quickly and are perfect for my 2 year old granddaughter to use in her shopping cart.  They are large and easily identifiable to work on words and learning fruits. Very satisfied with the product.
Um hell yes
Just as described, plush and cute, tiny bit more grey than the picture shows, it is not white-white.  It passed the washing machine and dryer tumble test.
nice!  nice!
Gift.  This was a gift for a friend's birthday last March, and she told me she's completely in love with it. I'd say if she's satisfied, then I'm satisfied.
Very cute stuffed Maltese, well made, small.
Granddaughter loved it.
Excellent quality Sanei plush.  Good stitching, well stuffed.  The butt is weighted so he sits upright.
almost perfect  the plush is obviously disney qualtiy, the only problem I had with this was the right ear flopped over and would not stay up, but it gives it a little bit of personaltiy.  and maybe it was made to do that...either way my son loves it
... is obsessed with Finding Dory and this was the perfect Christmas present  My 5 year old is obsessed with Finding Dory and this was the perfect Christmas present.
Perfect  Perfect
as expected
Great product and service!  Grandson loved it!
Very soft with a lot of tags. I bought this for a friends daughter.
LOVE LOVE LOVE to Buckle  1 yr. old obsessed with BUCKLES so this was perfect for Christmas...she LOVED IT and played with it over & over for long periods of time.  WE still had to help her undo some of the buckles so she could keep on buckling...very seriously working on getting these buckles together, then much applause!!  LOL  LOVE LOVE LOVE & super CUTE, COLORFUL, SOFT & HUGGABLE...PRETTY LARGE TOO
Mario  He's adorable. Will get others
Happy grandson makes happy grandparents!  My six-year-old grandson loves his talking Olaf from Grandma and Grandpa, and that's all that matters to us!  It is very cute and cuddly.
Toothless  Such a cute dragon!  My kids love the movies and TV shows so they were thrilled with the dragon figure!
Cute  Daughter loves it.
Perfect!!  This little Ciel came right on time! He got here in about 6 days, he was wrapped up well (So no stains or damage!) He looks great, nothing wrong, it also came with tags! If you are planning on cosplaying, this would be a great little guy to carry around. One thing, like most anime-based plushies, he is not very durable, so I wouldn't leave him with a dog, or a young child! Over all this was a great buy,and Im glad I got it!
excellent quality and very fast shipping  Thank you for your great product,  my daughter she liked it alot
SWEET  The fur on the monkey is soft and cuddly.  don't have anything negative to comment on the cutest little monkey!!
Hes shaped like a friend  Good quality material, very sturdy and well made! His shoes have some sort of cardboard or stiffener in the bottom to help the fabric keep its shape. Squisy but still Shadow!
Cute  My kids love snuggling with Olaf! He's cute and soft! It arrived right on time for Christmas. Who doesn't like a cute snowman
He is adorable- looks like good quality  He is adorable- looks like good quality, can't wait to give hi, to our Mario fanatic at Christmas! His spikes look sort of cheap but I paid $10 and he is definitely worth that to me, he will be a great friend for our other Bowser characters this holiday!
PERFECT - a Christmas gift for a grandchild
Well worth it  My 7 year old great-great nephew loved this plush
Perfect for my daughters room!
Excellent - MOEN  4938CP Castleby Two Handle Lav Faucet  I ordered this to replace an existing Delta chrome/brass bathroom sink faucet, which was all corroded/pitted due to our horrible well water.  I was impressed with the weight and what appears to be a nice, heavy duty finish.  I'm sure this faucet will last a long time.  I was happy with the service and fast shipping...also the price.  Thank you, DealYard and Amazon!
Great to use with the songs in the books  Cutest puppet ever!  Great to use with the songs in the books!  Shipped fast, thank you!
Just buy it.  If you're a fan of the Legend of Zelda games, just buy this. It's unbearably cute. I hadn't realized how small it would be, but considering how well it's made I would say it's worth the price. Besides, it's the cutest LoZ plushie out there as of now. And who doesn't love Wind Waker Link, honestly? I only wish they also sold Tetra, Medli, or Makar plushies. But that's another story. This is a great purchase for a Nintendo-loving friend or, if you're anything like me, for your Nintendo-loving self!
My daughters love the show  So cute! My daughters love the show!
I bought this for my wife for her birthday, and even though I later came to discover that she was having an affair with another man during this time, I haven't taken my anger over that out on the stuffed Sully.
very cute, daughter loves it!
It's amazing! <3 But it's small  It's amazing! <3 But it's small ;w; It's the size of your palms :3 But cute. I LOVE IT! :D
great quality for $10
shipping was okay packaging wasn't great but the item came in one  Reminds me of when i was a child...my daughter loves it...shipping was okay packaging wasn't great but the item came in one piece
Awesome and shipped super fast!  Seller said it would arrive before Christmas (even though Amazon did not) and it DID! Got it 2 weeks before Christmas in fact! Extremely happy...as will be my 10 year old son. Quality is perfect!
BOO!  It's from Monsters Inc - what isn't there to like about it. The 2 grand kids both adore Boo and like to play with her..
Good
Amazing  This plush is amazing! It was only 21 dollars and it is super soft. It is also very detailed from the the orange side markings on the left side of his head to his rainbow hair. I recommend it for anyone that likes the Super Mario Bros. series and Lemmy in general.
Awesome!  Loved it!! My daughter was so excited when she recieved it, awesome quality.
Adorable peas!  New condition, exactly as described. It got so many oohs and ahhs (and I was giving it to a 22 year old!!!) that I would DEFINITELY buy it again!
Hard plush  It is not a soft plush. This is for an older child or as a collectible. My eight y.o. loves her though. :)
Our grandson loved it. It's really cute!
He came with tags and everything this stitch will steal your heart along with your shoe
Great toy!  This buckle toy keeps little ones occupied as they try to buckle and unbuckle it. Found that it works better with infants than toddlers.
My son loves them
A Big Hit with My Two Year Old...And Not Annoying for the Adults!  It's a big hit with my two year old, and she hasn't even seen the movie yet.  She hugs it and wants to carry it around and play it constantly.  The good news there is, it's not overly loud, like most children's toys.  It's a very moderate volume, with a pleasant kids version of the song.  It only sings through the line "they never let poor Rudolph join in any reindeer games", but I think that's an appropriate amount of the song.  Singing the entire song would be a bit much.  I think that's a good length of music, but something to be aware of, if you would like to have something that plays the whole song.  The button on the foot is somewhat small, so my two year old can't push it on her own yet, but I think she'll get there soon enough (before we put it away for the season, I'm sure), so I don't think that's a major issue.  I wouldn't think any child 3 and above would have any problem with that.  Overall, it's very cute, works well, sounds good without being overly loud and annoying, and makes the kid happy, so I'm happy.  Excellent product!
Wonderful!  This little creature is just too cute for words - like almost all the Pokmon characters. This little plush figure is the perfect size to display on your desk, bookshelf or where ever. It's construction is exceptional - fully stuffed with no apparent voids and very soft to the touch. The seams are tights with no gaps. The figure was packaged in a cello bag within the shipping container and had no unpleasant scent (like some of the items I've ordered from other outlets in China in the past).
Adorable  My son had wanted this plush for months and once I finally got it for him, his face just lit up. I must say that this is a cute little plush.
Buy the horse  OMG. Softness. Cuteness. Love it
Huggles Lilly Doll  Love it love it love it.  My Grand Daughters were so excited.  I got one for each of them, of course all different ones.  They will be having tea parties and dance parties with them.  Two of my grands are taking ballet dancing so I also purchased some other clothing for them which consisted of the little ballarina costumes.  One suggestion might be to put what size clothing they take as toddlers does not give enough information.  Otherwise love the dolls as well as them each having a special characteristic and interaction with computer.  great idea.
Very cute, soft stuffed animal for my baby!
Breat, gighly recommend  Breat, gighly recommend
My daughter loves them!
I bought this for a special little girl who loves elephants and getting packages in the mail and she absolutely loves it!
Perfect
Bought this for my daughter- who had a son! Although the baby passed, she loves this product which has withstood, many hugs, and tears.. Highly recommend for others- perfect for new moms- or mom to be?
I would recommend it to anyone  Bonnie's so cute!!! The price was lower than I expected and it is well made. I would recommend it to anyone!
Very cute  I love it! The ears are wired so they stand up, and it's a lot bigger than any of the other ones that I own.
Super soft and well made- thanks for a great product!
Gund lamb  Got this as a baptism gift for my older granddaughter. She did end up carrying it around, it is a good size and is "quirky" cute. I'd recommend for older children when you need something for religious gifts - or Easter.
Dogs like it  If you have a picky eater, this may help.  Put a little on and stir it to lightly coat the food.  Also an easy way to give them added vitamins, minerals and antioxidants.  My dogs love it, so it must taste good to them.  LOL
good toy  Excellent size and well done.  My son loves it and sleeps with it every night.  Delivery was on time.  We are very pleased with this product.
Great quality!!
birthday present for grandson....he was so happy
Kids loved them
Love this item!!! Bought them for my granddaughters and they love them!!!!
Durable stuffed animals  My youngest daughter received this from "Santa" last Christmas. She's a big fan of the show, and each time she unwrapped one of the characters, she lit up, and gave each one a hug. It was very sweet.  It's been about 3 months now, and they are still in great shape. She throws them around a little and plays with them. They're still going strong.
Just adorable!  Too cute! I would recommend buying this product. Nice quality and is very soft.
Get two. They need a friend.  Awesome! Even better than the picture. A good size, very soft, sweet, and lovable. This is the first stuffed toy my kids won't leave alone (for a year so far). The platypus goes on car trips, act out stories, and go to bed every night. The construction is a little weak. The belly stitching for the stuffing comes undone, the stuffing compresses, and some fur falls out, but it's still cute enough to get 5 stars. I got a spare in case of loss. The kids want to go to Australia because they think a real platypus is this much fun.
A Great Gift for Pokmon Fans  I got this for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it! The plushie is well made, soft, and just as pictured! The only thing that she did not like about it was that it was small, especially for the price. Ive attached photos of the plushie in natural lighting; there is also a photo of the plushie compared to a mentos gum container for reference.
Awesome  Very pleased with the dolls they were excellent!!! My little girl loved them very much thanks for making her B-Day wonderful!!!
Perfect gift, wonderful shipping time, thank you!
She is happy  My Child is very happy with her doll Marceline. She is a fan "adventute Time".  She wants Gumbuble princess now
state of the art  Excellent receiver, state of the art .  it is simple to use yet complex.  Many sound choices yet easy to understand and use sound is great.  The rec eiver is well organized and functional.  The remote is very well organized and is easy to understand and operate.  Tech support was excellent. I had trouble seting up vedio. I just didn't understand .  both Harmon and dealer- Stero Adv. in buffalo spent time walking (3 hrs) walking through vedio set up with me.  should be mentioned when I thought there was something wrong with receiver( my error) stero adv was willing to send new receiver. nothing was wrong just  stupid.  summary extremely pleased with quality and sound.
very small
My son loved him.  Very cuddly.
my son loves it
A great item...  I noticed that Gravios wasn't getting any love here on Amazon, and I'm a big fan of MH, and of Gravios too, so, I gave him a chance and... was not disappointed! A great plush for any MH lover. See pics for details. The detail and quality in this item is top quality. I highly recommend that you give my pal Gravios a chance.  Sorry for the picture quality.
My 3-year old loves his sister's Buckle Bella!  <div id="video-block-RS36XD1L3KNV4" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1YMak53EgS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1q0--g%2B1zS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Such a simple little design that is very educational and keeps their attention. I bought this for my 4-month old because I thought my 3 year old son wouldn't be interested... wow was I wrong! He loves buckling and unbuckling all the straps, and finding things to put in the zipper pouch. He has been carrying this around all day! Now that he loves it, I really wish I would have gotten a more gender neutral one like their "Buckle Toy Bongo/Bubbles or Buster" instead.  PROS: - Educational: color matching, counting to 5, peek-a-boo with pictures under the numbers, learning to buckle/unbuckle different buckles, zippers, and pretend play. - Imaginary play. The simplest toys always seem to create the most imagination.   * Carries it by the purple strap and said it is his Bag, and likes to hang it from his doorknob.   * Has made the straps into a "back pack" for his Mickey Mouse.   * Likes to pull all the straps to the back side and make it a "smiley face pillow" for his stuffed animals.   * We play "Where's Bella." He straps it to something around the house and we go find it. - We strapped the Bella to our little girls car seat and attached her dangle toys around the back buckle straps, was a hit! - Much better quality materials than I was expecting. - My son is recovering from surgery and this has been a wonderful distraction for him. It is hard to find things to preoccupy a 3year old that is supposed to stay calm while recovering. I would highly recommend it as a distraction/comfort gift for a young child who is in the hospital or recovering from something.  CONS: - My son wants the bag to be bigger so he can fit his toy phone. The zipper pouch can only fit one small toy (like a matchbox car or 2).  This toy has been WAY more of a hit than I expected it to be and will most likely end up ordering one in a more gender neutral color for him. I received this product for free or at a discounted price in exchange for an unbiased and honest review. All opinions expressed are my own. I am not affiliated with this company or seller in any manner. If you have any questions or want an update, feel free to ask as I will answer honestly.  UPDATE 07/28/2016: Bella still comes with us everywhere, and is always a hit with friends.
Super, super cute!!! I received it extremely fast.
Very nice quality!  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was thrilled when it came in the mail.  It is a nice size and it is amazing quality.  Douglass stuffed animals are by far the better quality plush out there.  The only issue I had was the gold thread on the horn came off, but my daughter is super rough with everything she owns.  It can easily be fixed and it is not part of a seam or anything.  I'm sure you will love it.
It looks great and I love it  It arrived about a week early! It looks great and I love it!
First.  My granddaughters first doll.  Hope she likes it.
SHE LOVES IT
I like to keep a small flip type calendar on my desk to check from time to time. This is so pretty if you like birds and I do.
So soft! My niece walks all over the house with it!
Perfect for cuddling!!!  Since Elmo has soft eyes he is perfect for cuddling. He even sits upright bc of the beans in his butt. My daughter loves to hug him!!!
My daughter's favorite by far  My daughter is 8 months old now.  She's been in love with this bunny since she was about 2 months old. She sleeps with it every night and snuggles it up to her face to go to sleep.  It really calms her.  It's SO SO SO soft!  I'm so happy to find it on Amazon because she's so in love with it that I need to buy another just in case she loses it!
Very cute  My son adores this dragon.  With it's mouth closed it does look more like Toothless but either way it's still very cute.  I highly recommend it if your son or daughter loves Toothless as much as mine.
its really cool  This dragon was cool!!!!! :D Its so fluffy!!!!!!!!!!! yayayayayayayyayay but for some reason the package tracker says it was late, then it might be lost. But i already have the dragon!!!! ok see ya yayayyayayayaayy
My daughter and her Little Giraffe love affair  So, I was desperate to make sure my daughter got rid of her pacifier at 7 months, but I knew it wasn't going to be easy. Someone had given us this stuffed animal as a gift, and at first I was pretty sure it was a cow, and we even made sure to call it that. Then I read the tag, and we slowly transitioned to a giraffe. I still vote for cow. Anyhow, I digress. This stuffed animal was perfect for her! When we took away the pacifier her mouth was still wandering so at night we gave her this and she was able to just bit and chew on the little cow--er--giraffe nubs on the top. It worked like a charm. It's soft, big enough that I wasn't worried about anything coming off and harming her, and really great quality. We love it so much, that we bought this second one in case the first one has an "accident" (ie: gets any nastier than it currently is because she is always loving on it...seriously--she spoons this bad boy like it's nobody's business). Way worth the money!
Kids love it  Great plushy for the Plants vs Zombies lover.  We have many of these type plushy's and all have been good quality.
so what better gift than a nearly life-size Mickey stuffie  My oldest grandson is a huge Mickey fan, so what better gift than a nearly life-size Mickey stuffie!!  : )
This product looks exactly like the picture and arrived super fast. I am very happy with this purchase.
so much fun with baby
Fantastic
I am eight years old  My favorite animal  is a sloth  I like how the shloth can stick to you and its fuzzy and soft  Like to sleep with it  I like the detail you put on it  it's cute
twas super kewl
Toddler is addicted to Plants vs. Zombies - this addition to his "guys" was very well received.
KK IS SO CUTE!  So cute!  These plushies do not disappoint!!!  The guitar was a little bent so I just tucked it into his arm and it was fixed easily!  He stands up on his own too!  So adorable. Recommend this to any Animal Crossing lovers out there!!
Nice size dolls  Package came as expected. Great size! My daughter loves them. Seems sturdy and good quality. No complaints at all. She plays with them all day while watching show.
Love it!  My kids love this so much I had to buy them each their own, including my 1 year old daughter. She also makes dinosaur sounds when holding this and it's a great size.
Hee Hee  My daughter loved it. She said it tasted like chicken.
We love it!  We actually bought this monkey for 17.99 at Target. We probably wouldn't have bought it if it was 40 bucks, like it is here on Amazon. This monkey is so cute, soft, and plays soft music for a good amount of time. Our 3 month old loves it. I would recommend it for anyone that has a baby.
Very cute!  Very cute!
BARNIE  MY2 YEAR OLD GRANDSON LOVED HIM. BARNIE IS POPULAR IN PRESCHOOL.  SINGS AND DANCES WITH HIM. AND JUSTBHAS A GOOD TIME.
Daughter loves this!  My daughter is a huge Meerkat fan and this stuffed meerkat is the most lifelike one we found.  I must mention that it does not stand up well, but that is not important to us.
excellent
Fun Stitch  9- year old Daughter wears it and plays w it all the time.  Good. Disney labeled product
Excellant  Grand Daughter loves it.
Yes thks
Cute and Cuddly  So Cute and cuddly. Daughter loved it! Nice quality and well priced.
Adorable!
great price. Love it  Very high quality, great price. Love it.
Looking good !  Thrilled my kid, and the price of $20 was much less than when it was $60 a few months back. It's very big, about 24" long, lots of detail embroidery on eyes and wings.  Very pleased.
She loved it! He is super adorable  Got this guy as a Christmas present for a huge Darth Vader fan. She loved it! He is super adorable..you know..in an evil dark side kinda way.
Very soft and artistically made.. Awesome
cute
great buy, well worth it.  I got this for my girlfriend for Christmas because she loved how adorable it was in the movie, it met if not exceeded her expectations.
love it!
Adorable! Sooo soft!
My son thought this was the best thing ever.
as expected.
Darn expensive but great quality.
great
Great buckle toy for curious 2 year olds.  Purchased this buckle toy for my grandkids to play with. I had seen other buckle toys by this manufacture and thought they were such a great idea. We have 3 two year old grand kids and they all love to buckle everything. This one is a perfect size to take along and the colored buckles make them easy to match. I would recommend this learning toy to anyone who has little ones.
Sons gonna love it!!! THANK YOU!! Fast shipping
LOOOOOOOOVE  This is our baby's favorite thing EVER. He hated diaper changes as a newborn. We propped this up next to him and he just stares and doesn't care about cold drafts any more :) We bought 2 so we have a travel "Glowie" as well. Calms him in the car. He loves to reach out and touch the gentle, glowing face
Thank you
Great
Frivolous fun  Dumb purchase, but it brings so many smiles when friends see it. Fun.
Its so cute!
Sunbean 12" Plush Uniforn Stuffed Animal by Douglas Cuddle Toys  My granddaughter loves Unicorns and I bought this for her for Christmas, and I think she will be thrilled - it is very cute, very soft and has a very cute face that is easy to love.  Can;t wait to see her face when she opens her gift.
Marceline  I have wanted to get this plushy for awhile and I finally did.  She is soft and cuddly and easy to snuggle with.  I also have a plushy of Fionna and those two are best friends now.  I am excited to add this plushy to my collection of plushies!  Marceline is a great addition to my collection.  She is made out of really soft material and it seems durable.  Definitely a welcome addition to my collection!
It's cu
Happy asf  Perfect!!
Grandson loved him and the book
Four Year Old Likes It  Very cute little monster.
very cute!  even cuter than the picture looks!
this is wonderful! It's nice and soft  My son sleeps with this every single night :) For Elmo lovers, this is wonderful! It's nice and soft, and the perfect size!
Best dirty santa gift EVER!!!!  Best dirty santa gift EVER!
Nice plush toy  As advertised....adorably cute
ADORABLE!  Adorable! Well made and very light which makes it easy for a toddler to handle.
Awesome plush!  This guy is a big 10" tall, quality and just looks great. Arrived ahead of estimated delivery time, my son was so excited for Dialga to arrive for his collection!
My 7 month old LOVES this bunny  Not only is the bunny super-cute, but it's well made and just the right size for my little one. I love that the fur doesn't "shed" when my daughter puts the stuffed animal to her mouth. It's also really soft, well-constructed and cute. I'd buy this again.
Cute and irresistable  Granddaughter is stuck on all things Frozen. I thought she might get alot of Elsa and Anna, so I ordered Olaf. She loved it. So far it is holding together. No one can resist playing with it. She loved it.
My friend loved the gift of this wolf  My friend loved the gift of this wolf, she found it to be very soft and has enjoyed it since.
The best buy for 2015 so far!!! In a big fan and I just love this!!!
So cute and I actually do keep my coins in it.
Fun  We got this a long time ago used at Goodwill. It lights up, makes noises, and talks. My son and daughter have loved it for ages.
Great service and product.  Great service and product.
and she loved it, so  It was a gift, and she loved it, so, would recommend it.
Love Bunnies by the Bay
great
Elmo Likes Cheerios...  My 1.5 month old is loving her new Elmo.  So much that she's been sharing with him her cheerios.  Poor Elmo, has a bunch of wet cheerios attached all over his body as a result.  But cleaning was easy and both her and elmo still love each other.  I only wish there as a larger Elmo... would have been cooler.
Very cute hello kitty plush at a very reasonable price. Bought it as a little easter gift for my daughter and she loves it.
I definitely recommend this to any Chika or Aqours fan  Chika is even cuter than I thought! I definitely recommend this to any Chika or Aqours fan.
it was perfect
My toddler loves this. It helps calm him when he is frustrated.
nice
Nice plush
My 2 year old loves it!  Easter Bunny brought my son this toy in his Easter basket. My son is a big fan of Monsters Inc (not so much Monsters U), but the fact that this is "young Mike" doesn't seem to bother him. Mike is soft to the touch and really pretty cute too!
my sis loved it
recommend  cute and squishy
Wants more!!  There should be more sets of this kind for the little children where they can play and learn at the same timemy kid is overjoyed with this elf set and now wants more..
Received on time and as described.
comfy Dora  This stuffed Dora is great!  My daughter who is 21 months, sleeps with Dora, plays with her, and takes her to daycare.  Yes, we have lost three of these and now the stores do not sell it.  Thank you Amazon for saving the day!!!!
Happy little princess  Cute Princess Poppy my daughter loved it a little expensive for the small size but didn't mind paying she sleeps, plays and travels with her beautiful little soft Poppy
Perfect Akamaru toy!  This is an adorable Akamaru toy. I took him with me to a fan convention to meet Junko Takeuchi, his puppy voice, and Naruto's voice actress, and she loved him too! She squeezed him and asked me where I got him, so I had to tell her, on Amazon! lol. I love him especially because having him with me helped me interact especially well with Junko. He's so cute and soft, and I absolutely love his little paws and tufts of hair. He's very cute.
Perfect size for a little one  My daughter loves it she has the entire club house! Perfect size for a little one!
Perfect bedtime Elmo  I bought the Elmo and the Cookie Monster so my toddler could have a soft version of the characters he loves at nighttime. These toys have cloth eyes, a cloth mouth and beans in the hands, feet and bottom. The fur is super soft and the stuffing is super cuddly.  Like the other Gund stuffed animals I have, they are well-constructed. These aren't the best likeness of the characters compared to other toys, but for cuddle toy, they are ideal.
The size on Sven is great. No too big or small  The size on Sven is great. No too big or small. The quality is good and looks as expected if you have seen the movie. Great pick.
So Cool!!!  So cool! Perfect to put in the center of the guest bedroom pillows! I later purchased the Bride to go with him! Really cool for kids or adults, well made and officially licensed Universal Monsters product. Would buy again!
My daughter loves it!
Well-made, soft, adorable plushie  This is a great plush version of everyone's favorite secretary. I was pleasantly surprised to find that her bell really rings!
Perfect size. Very soft  So cute. Perfect size. Very soft.
It's a toy  I usually write descriptive reviews but i bought this for other peoples kids, so i can't add any real value other than it looks like the picture and I assume they like it.
was a real hit!!
America plushie  I really love the anime and i just had to order a plushie. Everthing is perfect except for the fact that the 50 on his jacket is missing. Even though thats the only fault i love it and i'm going to order a Russia plushie and England plushie.
Cute and simple toy.  This is really cute and soft. By 14 month old loves to throw it.
Cute toy!  Looks just like the real thing! My 9 year old plays with it along with his Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, and Yoshis!
It's pretty much exactly what you'd think it is  It's pretty much exactly what you'd think it is! The space is sufficient for me to write my academic year schedule and due dates/save-the-dates too. Glad I bought this!
Soft and sweet  Super cute. Elmo's voice is very sweet.
Super cute and perfect for my little guy!
Really looks like Pikachu and is well made.  Very well made and looks like Pikachu. I looked at several reviews of this toy and toys similar to it. Glad I got this one. My son loves it.
1 year old loves it  Great toy for an airplane!
Great little plushy.
This is the large ender dragon plush.  This is the large ender dragon plush.  I was a little wary since the description is for the large spider but other reviews said that it was the large dragon so I took my chances.  It is in great condition and my daughter is going to love it on Christmas day!
very cute  My daughter loves it, thanks!
Great product  Beautiful, well made cuddly figures.  My granddaughter is delighted with them.
Fast delivery, exactly what I wanted and expected to receive.
Happy mom  Great product!! Happy with the size!
I watch youtube  FISHY FISH
5 yr. old grandson was super excited he got this for his birthday & disco zombie was his favorite.
my daughter loves it
price Is good for both  As expected , price Is good for both
Adorable!!  Love her she is one of my faves in the game. The bell is just cute cute... She is small and great to decorate a shelf.
My 2 year old is in love with Mike and Sully  My 2 year old is in love with Mike and Sully. He was vibrating when we gave him these plush toys. They are the perfect size for him. Couldn't be happier!
Too cute and great deal  Way too cute and such a good price for Star Wars products. The previous reviewer who said it was small should have read the item description.
Cant ask for better.: )  Just as described. Very cute toy. Gonna give it to my girlfriend for one of the Christmas presents. She likes dogs, donuts and tokidoki toys. Cant ask for better. :)
Item is exactly as pictured and my son was super excited when he finally arrived  Item is exactly as pictured and my son was super excited when he finally arrived. Only con that I have about this item is that it took about 3 weeks to arrive at my home after I ordered it. I ordered it the second week of April for my son's Easter Basket thinking it would be here in time, and it finally arrived the first week of May
As expected. No problem with transaction. Will purchase again for future need. Thanks!
Excellent toy for my kid he loves it Thanks ;).
just what i was looking for in a baby gift, right size, + soft & huggable.
Great buy  Wonderful inexpensive doll
Great Learning Method  Great way for kids to learn to tie shoes, buckle, button, zip, and velcro. My daughter is 11 months and likes figuring out how things work and she likes playing with the Playskool Dressy Kids Boy. I bought the boy doll cause the girl seemed too distracting looking and more expensive.
Nice size too  Very cute. Nice size too.
Grandson loves it!  Good quality & arrived when it was supposed to.
First table delivered was in bad shape.  The first table was delivered in terrible condition.it looked like it was dragged by the delivery truck,hardly what I expected for my $67 shipping charge. I now have the second table which was delivered in much better condition,  except for shipping dents which are supposed to come out if it if left in the sun, I hope there right. All in all the table works very well and looks like it will last a very long time.
My daughter loves these just wish they came with a plush vase too.
Thumbs up for this Charmander!  Grandson LOVES his Charmander!  Pleased with quality of this stuffed plush.
LOVE  My 20 month old LOVES this toy. It keeps her entertained for hours!
The girlfriend loved it!
Great Product  I love this product.  I chose it over a Wubanub because you can detach the pacifier that comes with it and put on whatever pacifier you want.  Being able to detach it also makes cleaning/disinfecting the pacifier easy.  Having the giraffe isn't just cute but it also help hold the pacifier in my 2 month old's mouth which is good for when your driving and can't reach back to get it.
Pretty cool, sturdy Tec the Tractor  If your child is into the BabyFirstTV, this Tec the Tractor plush will be a nice little gift. He's sturdy, but the fabric is nice and soft, and he's just the right size for a toddler to play with. It's safe for a range of young ones, as none of the parts come off, and there's no small peices attached that can get torn off or lost. The stitching looks pretty nice, and this plush feels and looks like it would last a while, better than some other plush/stuffed animals and dolls I've seen.
Soooooooo Cute!  Wonderful!  This little guy is so sweet.  Makes the right amount of noise for little kids but won't drive mom and dad crazy.
Nice toys. Fast delivery
it's a great gift for this children's  it's very cute and soft, it's a great gift for this children's day
cute and adorable
A beautiful and well made doll  Absolutely stunning!!!!!  A beautiful and well made doll.
great gift for a star craft fan love how it basically a 2 in one plush!
This elmo is a wonderful learning toy  I ordered this item for my Grandson As one of his Christmas gifts I love it..hes really going to enjoy it
Adorable! I love it!  I bought this plush recently, and I couldn't be happier. Dry Bones is my favorite Mario enemy, and it's great to finally have an officially licensed plush of him by San-ei. Every last detail on this guy is immaculate, and I must say, he looks a lot better in person than he does in the picture provided. He's quite small for the price, but I don't mind, since everything else about him is perfect and I don't have a lot of space for larger figures. I'd strongly recommend this guy over the older, unlicensed Dry Bones. This is a much higher quality!
Top of Diaper cake  I used this rabbit for the top of the diaper cake for a baby shower. Found it on Amazon by accident and bought both Peter & Mrs. Rabbit. Now baby has two new toys to match the theme of her room.
highly recommended.  As described, highly recommended .
Great gift!
Great size, perfect gift  Got this as a gift for my girlfriend.  She loves it, very happy with my purchase.
He is so cute
Super soft. Well made.
Perfect for sleepy time.  Our baby has slept with this thing since he was 2months old. A year later and we still use it every night. As soon as he hears it he knows its night night time and it also provides enough light for him while he goes to sleep. We have had to wash it and change the batteries a couple of times, but its still going strong.
My grandchild was completely happy with this and we got it sooner than expected.
this was a gift & he loved it
Granddaughter Loves this.  My granddaughter, for whom I bought this for her 1 year birthday, is a Mini fanatic, and absolutely loves this.  She sleeps with it every night and it is a safe and durable toy.  Would highly recommend.
Love my little hog.
My daughter loves it.  Just the right size.
WORTH IT!  Wonderful doll, just like the picture. I cut off the sword because he looked better without it. The velcro is pretty strong, but I don't overuse it so I cannot guarantee long term. For me, it was100% worth the money.
My kids love Mario Bros.  My 5 year old twin boys are addicted to Mario plush figures! They have almost all of them! Have ordered quite a few from Amazon over the last year, and all arrive quickly. They play with these plush figures more than any of their other toys!
best friend  My two year old grandson loved the movie Shrek. I never dreamed that Shrek would be his best friend after giving this gift to him. They sleep,eat and go potty together. He is easily cleaned after a snack or brushing his teeth. There are no buttons or small removable items on Shrek to worry about going into a little ones mouth. If something happened to Shrek, I would buy another one. The price was right and the process in ordering him was painless.
This one looks exactly like in the movie. I love the design and the color. Great find indeed.  This one looks exactly like in the movie. I love the design and the color. Great find indeed.
POKEMON TORCHIC  I love this plush TORCHIC its soft ,cute and loveable its perfect for a collection or a birthday present it is a fantastic toy
Completely Adorable  Go it just in time for my sister's friend. She loved it and even cried a little. The best gift is a Sebby Cow XD
My Pug likes Ugly Dolls  Actually, my dogs love it!
Very happy  I bought this at a store for my 2.5 year old daughter, just days after seeing the movie for the first time. She noticed it, and yelled "Pooh Bear"! I could not resist. I felt like it was very familiar looking, the packaging. I immediately looked for the brand and was happy to see that it was by Miyim. I bought my 7 month old son several toys by this brand. Yes, I know the brand is from China and their products are made there. But what isn't these days? Anyways, this brand is the only one I support from China, because there material is organic, and it is near impossible to find organic in a stuff toy that my daughter would enjoy. She has not let go of it since we bought it for her two days ago. It has such a sweet old world, faded vintage look to the colors. She will have it forever. It is a timeless plush toy and I am so glad that we got it for her. As she grows more into the film and the characters I intend on getting her all of the characters. Love it!
A great gift for a DW fan  This was a birthday present for my husband. We're both fans of the Doctor Who TV series and books. It's a problem to find a good gift for my husband, for he doesn't like regular things like clothes or parfum, and he buys all the devices and accessoires he needs himself. When I saw the toy (ocasionally, somewhere online) - I was suddenly relieved, though some shadows of uncertainty still lingered. But my husband liked the thing just as much as I did! Now it takes part in some of our conversations and arguments, and adds a great amount of fun to them. The Plush Dalek is of a good quality, he's very cute and the voice is THE same. By the way, the batteries can be replaced, so the Dalek should last forever. I believe, it deserves a definite 5!
Sloth lovers will love this sloth.
My husband & I laughed a lot while our poodle enjoyed.  My dog LOVES this toy!!! Makes a lot of silly sounds.  My husband & I laughed a lot while our poodle enjoyed.
Perfect. Thank you.
ok
Just like the store bought!  Love it, my 6 year old daughter lost her original one we bought from the store.  This is her replacement.
Cute little devil  If you suffer from chronic lyme, like I do, you understand that you need to take humor where you can to survive. My boyfriend got this for me as a surprise and I have to say, it's very cute for something so evil. It's about the size of a beanie baby, but much stiffer, barely bendable at all.
Good, big, and durable! He's become a member of the family!
Thanks u my baby she like it..
INside OUT  i purchased this for my daughter and she loves her sadness plush doll. she sleeps with her. frozen fever is over!!!!
Perfect for fans!  Really quality toy.  Didn't smell funny or anything.  Very soft, and great for cuddling!
It's an adorable horse and it's made by Gund.  Nothing better.  My 8-year-old niece loved it!
My grand baby loves it!!!
Just a stuffed animal, but cute nonetheless  My nephew loves these. Arlo stands up just as he should.
looks coolbest drinking bottle l have ownedvery good lookingmakes me want to drink more water  Love this bottle
Love It  Love It
So soft!  Very soft and cuddly, very well made.
yay minion's
SO CUTE!!!
Great! CUTE! My boyfriend loved this plush !! :D Well made.
Love it  My son love his new George pig....
Adorable  How could you not love Boo?  He's soft and huggable and all-around adorable.  Every kid would like this as a gift.
My grandson loves it
nice plush just make sure its from japan
She's the best
HOLY SEA COW It is a 32" hunk of fluff in the shape of the most majestic animal in the sea! They describe it as squeezable, and that, my friends, is an understatement! This velvety chunk of love is so soft to the touch that you will never let it go. You will enjoy caressing this manatee so much you won't be able to resist buying another. And another. Then you too shall own a manatee flotilla!
Perfect size for a nursery  We chose this because the baby theme is animals and it was the perfect size. It is not as big as a full sized deerhead but just perfect for my little one.  We attached it to a stained plaque that we got from Hobby Lobby and it's perfect!
cuter than cute!
Baby loves it  My baby loves Elmo so this doll is a perfect buy. It's furry and fuzzy but this particular doll does not shed. My 7 month can comfortably cuddle with it without the doll being overbearing.
Adorable for anyone, any age  My 20-year-old daughter SHRIEKED with delight when she saw this, and it goes to college with her now.  I never thought it would be as big a hit as it was, but the hedgehog is adorable--sweet expression and wiry-soft.  Worth every dime. I received no compensation for this review.
It's nice and cute  Absolutely cute and soft Looks very similar to the pictures from the seller
what a cutie.  what a cutie.. so soft and lovable. hugable..  colors are true to picture.  baby roo is sure to please any child.
Stuffed yorkie  Granddaughter loves it, She named it Tiny. Tiny goes everywhere she goes. Quick delivery. Decent product.
Love this Elmo  This is my son's favorite lovey. I now always have one on backup in the closet. It is the perfect size for him to sleep with and play pretend with. It is also very soft and will wash in the washing machine.
Baby Aspen = Darling!  I have bought these gifts 4 times as gifts for co-worker's new babies. Super cute!
excellent  gorgeous and pkged perfectly. brand spankin new. i think its cute it was a gift for a friend and she loved it. thank you
KIDS HAVE FUN WITH TOMY POKEMON
Perfect for people who have all the other ones!  It's far softer than it looks and an absolutely perfect for someone who has all the other treasure goblins.
Very cute, worked well for baptism gift.
 I definitely recommend this item  My 15 month old loves this toy! Belle keeps her little hands busy for at least 15 minutes. The only downside is she mastered this toy in the first hour.  I definitely recommend this item.
just loved it...
I love it!  Exactly as advertised! I love it!
nice  I bought this for my daughter she loves it very true to the real dog named boo she just loves it
great for holidays  awesome! love them!
Reeally good quality
Daughter obsessed with Frozen  I bought this item for my daughter's 6th birthday and she absolutely loves it.  She is obsessed with Frozen and we watch it constantly!
Cat is the Bomb!  Granddaughter loves CAT!
Very good quality.  So cute,and bigger than expected. Very good quality.
great fun for my little boy  kid wears them all the time, loved them
This was purchased for a 2 year old and she loves it.
It's the best one out there!  The Bulbasaur that came in the mail looks exactly like the one I ordered. I read some reviews left by other buyers and was slightly worried that it wasn't going to be the same one, but it turned out to be exactly as shown on the store page. It's an adorable little plush and probably the most well made out of all the ones available online!
So Soft  Got this for someone as a Christmas present. Super soft and snuggly.
I bought this doll for my girlfriend and she liked it so much  I bought this doll for my girlfriend and she liked it so much. I was looking for something authentic and this product was the right choice. do not hesitate to buy this product!
he is very happy with it  Larger than my son expected, he is very happy with it!
My granson loves him!
Perfect
I finally got the right elephant for my grand child she LOVES!!! it
great toy  My 2yr old and my 13 yr old both love their Chavo Del 8 toy, I would definitely recommend it... (:
Can't find it at stores.  This toothpaste is in the container we prefer and it contains all the ingredients our dentist says we need.  We can'e find it in stores lately, so we order.
My niece absolutely loves her good night Elmo. It's very well made and durable.
Grand daughter can`t put it down.
Great Giraffe, does not have a floppy neck  Great Giraffe, does not have a floppy neck, will be a great friend for my daughter for a long time.
Exactly as described!
My two year old granddaughter just loves Barney,  My two year old granddaughter just loves Barney, the button for singing is a bit hard to push for her
The kid loves it!  My kid loves Luigi and wanted to use his christmas money to buy this. It arrived on time, and was exactly as described, he was NOT disappointed!!
Small but adorable  It is super cute, but really small.  It fit the space I wanted it to, but even I was surprised how petite it was after I recieved it.
Best toy we own  I was hesitant to buy this b/c of the cost, but I could probably get rid of every single toy I own and just have this and my daughter would be happy.  She carries this thing with her everywhere, and it keeps her occupied for an insane amount of time.  She is 19 months old and obsessed with buckles, and she will just sit and do all the buckles, then run it over to me so I can unbuckle them, and then she'll start buckling them again (and that pattern will last for up to an hour straight of just buckling over and over again).  I love that she finally has a toy that captures her attention and focus as much as tv does lol.
My 1yr old neice loved it!
blends in with environment and does the job.
Fast shipping. Item as described.
nice product  item was purchased to serve as "double" for baby when o.g. blankie was getting washed.  baby loves it.  that's all that matters.  only gross thing is that if the baby chews the head portion of the blanket, its thickness prohibits full drying and can get a little mildewy smelling if you don't stay on top of it. great seller; fast, professional, fair price.
Great for babies  My baby loves these plush dolls
Cute and cuddly  Got this for my nieces and nephews of ages 3-7. They all loved them! Great for slumber parties too! Cozy.
Super Cute.
This doll was amazing, my daughter is in love with him  This doll was amazing, my daughter is in love with him.  It's very large and she carries him everywhere!  It was pricey but worth it for my Beast lover!
Great to hug!
My little one loves the buckles on everything. The carseat, the high chair, the swing.... which isn't always ideal to play with, so I set out to hunt a buckle toy. We settled on the crab and he is perfect. My 19 month old can buckle to his heart's content. He hasn't quite figure out how to unbuckle them, but I'm sure that will come in time. It's the perfect toy.
To cute  Love it this one is to cute
Excellent Quality  Genuine Pokemon Nine Tails. Stuffie is well made. Was given as a gift and was a huge hit for the collector.
Very good quality, cute too!
Well made
It is really nice, but not good to sleep with  Bought this Christmas 2013 for a granddaughter.  Thought is was a soft one.  Didn't know it was "animated" so to speak.  It is really nice, but not good to sleep with.  Too rigid
super cute especially in the face  Very well made, super cute especially in the face. Nice detail work.
Disney Tangle Plush figure Chameleon Pascal Green  Too Cute!!! I'm sewing it on Repunzels shoulder! fits perfect! It will be the perfect addition to the Repunzel Costume!
Doll baby  Tthis was given as a birthday gift she loved you so much and care doll all around the park birthday party
Super cute my daughter loves it perfect size for her  Super cute my daughter loves it perfect size for her.  Not too big so she can carry it around wherever she wants she was very excited really cute good job
Well made and shipped faster than anticipated.  My son loves it!
cute cute cute
Awesome food for budgies!  Good to have around for stressful times!  My budgies love this stuff.  It's perfect for them during any stressful time.  Whether unexpected, or ongoing.  Add this to your bird's food, or give it as sole food, to help your bird' stress level stay down. I definitely recommend keeping a bag handy just in case you ever need it.
I.  Like
Very happy with my purchase. Very well made and soft. V Fast shipping.
These are the perfect size and well made  These are the perfect size and well made!  My grand daughter loves them.  I bought all the characters for Christmas for her!  So cute
Great detail my daughter and I  Great detail my daughter and I watch Bleach and the figure is exactly as he appears in the Anime.
perfect, arrived early
Great quality. Really cute and soft. My daughter loves it!
Great quality. Very satisfied  My son loves this thing. Great quality. Very satisfied.
Just as advertised.
excelent, nice products
Cute gift for batman fans  Bought this as a gift for a friend, they loved it a lot!
love it
fast shipping and is just as described
This is actually very well made . Details are perfect. Good to have if you are a black Butler fan
Perfect doll for anyone who loves Jesus!  Absolutely LOVE my Jesus doll... Perfect gift for anyone child OR adult who loves Jesus!
Great product  Super cute and well made. Love this little guy.
a great gift
Well look ok but to expensive 19 dollar
It is a great size and it satisfied his want for  My 5 year old loves it. It is a great size and it satisfied his want for BB-8
Gave it to my mom for Christmas and she loved it.
My son loves PVZ so this was totally perfect for him  My son loves PVZ so this was totally perfect for him. I bought a few because he liked them so much.
Great Gift  My niece enjoyed this gift and then wanted to shop for more Tsum Tsums.....
My grandson loved getting this gift.
eeyore plush toy  It made a big hit, as I'm sure it always does.  We call my son Eeyore occasionally as he's a worry-wart.  The toy was for his fiftyth, we all got a good chuckle.
Item as described, shipped fast and it was delivered on time. Just as promised is cozy and a cutie
This is a good sized alligator.  Pretty soft too.
Bought for my son; I might just have to buy another for myself.
Love it!
i bought this for my niece she loved it, was very excited she sleeps hugging minnie
Cool Mario Characters  They are a couple of cool characters. My son is a big Mario fan and these are a great addition to his collection.
very pleased!  Shipped quickly, Item was as posted, very pleased!
Great quality! Nice product.
It's a cute little stuffed Kirby, what more do I need to say?
Excellent  Love it
Entertaining  Very entertaining for my 1 yr old
I love this little guy and my toddler loves to carry him around.
Great!!  My grandson loves this!
Perfect! My Granddaughters love it!
AWESOME!  I been searching everywhere for this purple minion! I love it! It is too bad I can't ship directly back to Singapore, and need to use agent to do it, and it cost a bomb! Shipping fee is even more expensive than the doll itself! Nevertheless, I'm still glad that I finally manage to bought it.
Authentic  Just like in store. Original authentic tags!
Prompt shipping. Item exactly as described!  Prompt shipping. Item exactly as described!
Very cute plush Kyle!
Bello  Bello
Great product! And cute too  I ordered this for my daughter who is turning 6 this weekend. I was worried it wouldn't arrive on time, but it showed up within two days. Very impressed with the service and quality of Sparky.  Very soft and bigger than I thought it would be. So happy!
I got this for my ex for Valentine's Day. They weren't my ex at the time but a few weeks later they stabbed me in the back multiple times. I wouldn't buy it again because of the amount of anger I get when I see it. However, it was really cute and does make a lovely gift. Tip: Don't give it to someone who'll break your heart.
He loved it. Very good material  This is so cute. Got this for my boyfreinds birthday because he loves Lucario. He loved it. Very good material.
Little Llama toy  I have a collection of stuffed animals and since I especially enjoy reading the Llama, Llama series to my grandkids, I purchased the little doll to add to my collection.  It is so cute, kinda small, but looks just like the one in the book.  I've purchased the one that Kohl's for Kids had available in the store, but I like this one better.
... of my 7 year old twin granddaughters is in love with anything unicorn  One of my 7 year old twin granddaughters is in love with anything unicorn, so I know this will be a big hit this Xnas.
Collector  Squirt - He is fun and if you are or have a Nemo Nut in the house this is a required Collectors item.  This guy doesn't get much play time, just a display place with the rest of the Nemo stuff.
I nice toy  Loved him! He's a great addition to my Star Wars collection.
love it.........always have!!!!!!!!!!
Just what she wanted  We have Elsa and Anna and they're just what my daughter wanted. She didn't want them to talk and their hair is fabric which is perfect - no messy hair all over the place. The heads are hard plastic but not so hard that she can't sleep with them. The back of Anna got a little opening along the seam which I sewed up, so no problem there.
voodoo doll brings needed laughs  The voodoo doll was a gift to a friend who is going through a messy divorce and needed some cheering up.  She laughed out loud when she saw the doll, the pins, and the dire complaints one could heap upon the person appointed to be represented by the doll.  It was a pleasure to give and seemed like a pleasure to receive.
Loved it  This was a gift for my bff's son and he loved it. He is really into this move and its characters so this was perfect for his collection.
I love it.  Just as anticipated. I love it.
star wars  Pretty cool star wars angry bird c3po. My daughter loves all the characters. She's got a lot but needed this one.
Funny Ugly toy and collectible item
Great quality.  Grandson lived it. Great quality.
Exactly what I was looking for!  The original ty beenie baby from mcdonalds! Was just what i was looking for, b.c my sons daycare teacher threw out the one at the daycare that the kids fought over.
I love it.  so cute. I love it.
excellent plushie  EXCELLENT quality plush.
Very cute plush elmo!
makes her smile, what a joy  My grand baby girl loves it
Boo  My grandson loved this sweet, cuddly pup. Quality made and so soft. A great buy and a really cute toy.
My son was so excited to receive this in the mail.  No complaints here and it came as scheduled.
Great size, this comes with no sound but that wasn't a problem. Looks and feels nice.
As espected
Perfect Christmas present for a Monster Hunter fan  Great gift during Christmas for a monster hunter fan. Came in excellent condition and very quickly during Holiday season which impressed me.
Loved it!
Cute  Cute
great toy
Just as described
It is super cute and sturdy  My niece loves this doll.  It is super cute and sturdy.  She drags it around everywhere.
Awesome Zombie Plush!!!  I saw this at first thinking "this is gonna be bullcrap", but after looking at it, I've decided YES this is AWESOME!!! Worth the money to buy this!
Adorable & perfect for my buckle-loving 19-month old granddaughter!
Of course I love it.  It's a goomba. Of course I love it.
Well made.  Nice texture and stitching. Vibrant colors. Soft. About the size of my toddler's torso when she holds it. I'd buy more of these Disney brand plushies.
Jack never disappoints  I love everything NMBC & this doll doesn't disappoint.  Well made & seller packaged & shipped item perfectly.
Chewbacca Rocks  My chewbacca backpack rocks more than my aunt with no legs and is #1 in her bowling league. The backpack arrived exceptionally quick and the service was great. The backpack is made of good quality and a must for all my trips to disneyland. I love it. I would buy from this seller again.
Nice addition when bought with the big unicorn pillow  My grand daughter wanted the huge Unicorn pillow and so I got her both, this one and the pillow. She is 5 years old and appears to like them both. Money well spent.
She loves it.
Love the Loons  I got these for me and my coworkers and love them.  Everytime we need a lift, we sound off the loons!
Great product!  My wife was so excited when I gave this to her!  The best detail and largest size.  Over 30 inches long.  Very realistic eyes! Very soft!
Very nice!  Love the markings on it.  The color is so vibrant!  I would recommend this to anyone.  My great-grandson loved it!  Very well made and just like above, so nice with the markings, textures and vibrant color.
Would buy from again. Very pleased
LOVE LOVE LOVE this plush  LOVE LOVE LOVE this plush! Raichu is my favorite Pokemon and it was worth the 1 day shipping. Its super soft and cuddly. I hope one day it will be made into an even bigger plush. The picture does not do it justice, its way better in person :)
Goofy is the best  It was enjoyed by our granddaughter and she takes it to bed each night. This is the ultimate complement.
Perfect fit for my 4 and 6 yr old girls!  My daughters LOVE these girls! They wanted someone to snuggle with in bed, something that felt like hugging a real person. I was elated to find such a perfect fit for them! They dress the girls in their own clothes, read to them at night... Thank you for making such a great product!!
very cute ^^  I purchased this charmander plush for my daughter because she watches the television  show titled, Pokemon. This was very affordable and a vintage item. Was in great condition and shipped carefully. Thanks!
I recieved it.  I like it very much it's a good collective item. I will buy more domo items in the future .
Awesome! I love it
Jellicent, I choose you!  Considering that this is one of my favorite pokemon I knew that i just had to have it. Overall it's very great buy, no defects and is completely legit. It's a little small as it fits in the cusp of your hands but that makes it the perfect size to attach it to book bags, purses, etc. Next I'm gonna get the female version to have a matching set.
Good quality
I love the best recommended
Love our itty bitty  Love my itty bitty! It comforts me and our whole family while separated from our soldier. We take her with us everywhere and take pics with her (she stands in at all the occasions and trips my soldier can't untill she returns)
Cute gift  My son asked me to purchase this for his girlfriend who loves alpacas. She loved it and sleeps with is every night.
super cute  It was a lot bigger than I thought it was. Which is a great thing. I love it! Went perfect with the rest of the set.
Excellent  Very good response time! And a lovely product, i love it! This is a lovely toy! What else I can ask?
Adorable gift for a toy or nursery decor.
This little guy is sooo cute I just love it and so will anyone at  any age!
Great! Love it, super cute ^^
Very pretty!  So soft, my daughter loves it!
Angry Birds Star Wars Golf Club Cover, Luke Skywalker  Very Sturdy and well made products. You will stand out when you on golf course. All my friends that i played with keep telling me the "Don't Be like ANGRY Birds on the course. Luke I am your Father hihihihihiihihihih. LOL. Yes i recommend this products and Amazom always shipped the merchandised PDQ (pretty Damn Quick) thanks amazon.
Good quality.  Gave to my son for Christmas and he really liked it.
Love It  Walter has become my adopted son. He actually is nice because he listens and doesn't make big messes. Unlike his 2 year old brother. LOL!
we bought these to use for our pregnancy anouncement, along with a pikachu. they are adorable. my daughter has been dragging them around since we bought them, and has since given them to her 2 little brothers. we love them.
A well-made bear  I thought he was a little light-weight when I opened the box - but actually he's cute, well-made and very cuddly. And always remember, a bear, however hard he tries, grows tubby without exercise.  A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh.
Cinderella Plush  I thought this plush was really well made, and very pretty! My daughter loves it! We were very happy with the product.
Adorable  Smaller than expected... but adorable!
really nice on wall over coffee pot in shop
Funtastic!  This little guy is guaranteed to bring big smiles!
Perfect  So many times I have purchased plushies that don't resemble anything like the picture. This cute little Stitch was shipped fast and EXACTLY what I ordered. I am so pleased! The stitching is great, the material isn't too thin and overall quality is fantastic.
Love the Itty Bittys!  Have them all now!  Hope they create new characters!
cheaper at disney store  this costs $12.50 at the disney store or disney store online.. and they usually have sales that you can buy 2 for $20..
Has many features that young children enjoy exploring such as crinkley ears  This toy was actually larger than I expected which was a post I've surprise. Has many features that young children enjoy exploring such as crinkley ears, and a vibrating body when tail is pulled. Wonderful sensory toy for child's early development!
He's wonderful.. Thank you
HE IS THE BEST 10/10 would RECCOMEND  Randolf.
Fun!  My granddaughter loves her mermaid!
My baby love it
Great addition  Great product & great price
Best copy ability!  My boyfriend bought me this for Christmas and I was SO happy! Chef Kirby is my favorite copy ability and I'm a huge Kirby fan >-< this just adds to my collection. The material is so great, it's so soft and it's perfect for cuddling with, I highly recommend this plush to any Kirby fan.
I was please for what i pay for. Thanks
Pooh-yah  Our grandson loved it at first sight!
Friend loved it.  Very cute and came on time. No weird odors or anything. Friend loved it.
Excellent
Best plush I could get my hands on!  I love it. He is so cuddly. He looks just like the picture. He will complete your Mario plush collection. I'd definitely recommend getting this plush!
Super cute!
A very well made Mario.  This is a very nice licensed plush toy with all the right features of Mario. The materials are soft yet retain shape well. The size is on the small side but perfect for kids.
Love it
Great gift for a little girl  The gift was accepted well and loved by the little girl it was given too. She added it to her collection.
large cat in the hat  I ordered the cat for my daughter on the 7th and we received it on the 9th!! We were so excited to get it in the mail so fast! We weren't expecting it until the 14th. It was packaged great and when I opened it up and the cat came out of the wrapper my daughter was sooo very happy. Though she's only 4 months old she loooves the cat in the hat. The bright reds and soft touch of it make her smile and giggle. Its a great size, no pieces could be a chocking hazard, though she will be watched with it, just in case. Over all we love the cat and so does the little one.  I'm sure he will be a fav for years to come!
Cute!
Great !!!!!!  I bought this for our 20 month old geaddaughter. She absolutely loves it and takes it with her.  My daughter-in-law thinks it is wonderful and has shown other moms
It is a big hit for our toddler  My son got this for his birthday. He absolutely loves it!  I'm glad he's enjoying Cookie Monster so now we can scrap the red haired freak called Elmo. In fact, our toddler doesn't even utter the "e" word anymore. It's all about this cool guy named cookie and his insatiable appetite for the chocolate chip variety of sweeties. He talks and knows when to hush up like a good monster should.  My toddlers favorite gift for sure.
Arrived sooner than the earliest expected date (as usual) and she's in wonderful quality and incredibly soft  Not much more I can say that other reviewers haven't. Arrived sooner than the earliest expected date (as usual) and she's in wonderful quality and incredibly soft. :) definitely get one if you love Ninetales!
but my 15 month old liked it more  Got this for my 5 year old niece, but my 15 month old liked it more. It is about 6 " long. May serve a 5 year  old better as a collectors item. When he is squeezed it speaks a few slogans from the movie "Frozen". He is cute, I would order again , but for the 15 month and under crowd  :  }
Great Toy  I ordered this Godzilla doll as a gift, and I couldn't be happier with it.  It looks even better in person than in the pictures.
SOO CUTEEE
This is a wonderful gift for the E  From Barbara's son, David:  This is a wonderful gift for the E.T. enthusiast.  I wish the 26 inch and 35 inch E.T. dolls from PMS were still available.
Absolutely adorable.
Otterly adorable  Such a cute little addition to any stuffed animal collection or just an otter loved!
Worn look noted as with other reviews. However every one Ive found in local stores has the same issue.
Got this for a christmas present. Looks great and it's still has survived being owned by a seven year old.
Awesome!
I love hello kitty.
Cute.  I bought this for my college aged daughter who loves the minion characters and collects stuffed toys. She loved it.
My wife was hospitalized for over three weeks. I knew she would miss our little Yorky at home so I went and ordered this Yorky on line. It turned out to be the best thing I ever did she really loves it and she likes to pet .It feels so much like her own dog thank you for much so much for having this online.
He is adorable
Super cute  My daughter got these for Christmas, they are tiny - remind me of zuzu pets. They are so cute and she was.so happy.  Will buy more in the future
It was very cute
great toy  bought this for a special little girl that loves hello kitty so i know she will love this! delivery was quick and the price was great!
Excellent quality collectible  We purchased this as a keepsake, along with the Beatrix Potter books and children's dishes, as a gift from great grandmother to a newborn baby.  Just perfect!  The quality is excellent.
Excelent product
Adorable!  Bought to include in an Easter basket for my son's girlfriend. Small, well made, soft, and crazy cute. Has a velvety feel to it. Loved it!
it even talks!
Kirby - Meta Knight - happy kids!  Bought on for my son years ago and he and his daughter fought over it so much we had to buy her one. Good quality and takes a beating and washing no problem.
Love It!  This little Tinker Bell will arrive looking just like the picture and is the perfect size for my two year old niece.  She carries it with her every where.  This doll is durable but soft.  I didn't see any hazards and I am picky about that.  Am thinking about getting another one for my doll collection.  She is so cute.
OMG love them...great Valentine's day gifts.
Exactly what my boys expected
Durable!  This doll quickly became my daughter's favorite toy. She's two, and definitely hard on her toys. Our Ariel "Mermy" has had to be washed 5 times since we bought her. I put her in the washer with some linens on gentle cycle, and she's come out as good as new each time.  I've started to notice some fraying on the bra and tail (where the fins are attached), but this doll is with my daughter literally day, and has been for months, so I'm not upset about it. It's definitely not enough to worry about.  A great doll for your Little Mermaid fan.
Big Hit  This item was a huge hit with my kids.  They truely enjoy the mario product wish they made more.  thanks
4 yr old grandchild loved adding her to their collection.
So cute!!
Absolutely adorable  I just got my Axew plush in the mail today. It is incredibly high quality and you can tell that it is Pokemon Center authentic. It is absolutely adorable and I'm tickled pink. I highly recommend this plush to any pokemon fan out there!
Cute Plushie  so cute! My little sister used it for halloween as an accessory for her costume (she was sailor moon). It's adorable :)
great item!  Shipped fast, great item!
A SWEET gift  As a type 1 diabetic, I got this for my anatomy teacher, as a little reminder of their favorite T1D. Very small and cute, and even comes with a little zipper for a small insulin! Great gift for any educated friends.
great product  Such a cute toy and idea! My 16 month old loves it!
SO GOOD  Gr8 should get
Great Seller - great product !!!
Child loved the softness.
Love this!
Nice product.  As described. Nice product.
Trust me, I'm not a reliable bot!  My 3 year old loves Bender and was so very excited to get this in her Easter basket. Yes I know I'm just now getting around to it, bite my shinny metal review! P.s it's soft!
Kids were happy with this little guy.
Adorable!  I remember when the original Furbies came out.  These adorable animated Furbies are even better.  We got one for each of our six granddaughters.  Apparently it was a popular idea because four of our granddaughters got a second Furby from another relative for Christmas.  You can never have too many Furbies, especially since they can talk to one another.
Really small but very cute!
small but super cute!!!
Perfect for road trips  I bought it for my 18 month old for our road trip and she loves it! Kept her occupied!
Good - Nothing to complain about  Got it as a present for a friend. She loved it. Nothing to complain about.
Gotta love the Moomins  Now our Moomintroll has his girlfriend! My only issue is her tail. The hair at the end is kind of awkwardly attatched...it hasn't fallen off or given any signs that it will, but it is kind of weird. Other than that I love our Snorkmaiden. Great for any fan of the show or books.
Yay  So cute
Great Aurora!  Great delivery, great character.  It is a perfect princess for a little princess!
Good product
Kid very Happy
Mr. Waternoose  My little girl loves this. Her older sisters, 8 and 9 even like playing with it too. I would tell everyone to buy this, if it is still an add-on item. Morgan
My son loved this gator  My son loved this gator. Sleeps with it everynight. Wish it was a little bigger but love that it isn't too heavy.
Good experience...  As shown and arrived on time.
product as described
It is currently her favorite toy. It is well made  My 3yr old love's this toy. It is currently her favorite toy. It is well made. We are happy with our purchase.
Great quality! The Funko line of FNAF plush are the best. Your kids (or you if you're a fan of Five Nights!) will be guaranteed to like it. Got this as a gift for my 8 year old brother who likes collecting them and he loves the Funko brand the most.
Good buy  Theses dolls were a good buy for the price.  Some child in my home is always playing with them.  I recommend them!
Snuggly  While it doesn't look exactly like it did in the show, it comes pretty darn close, and is made with some pretty good material, to boot.
Cute!  Beautiful!
Was great  ADVENTURE TIME! Got this as a gift for a friend who loves this show. She seems to love them so 5 stars.
Thank you for helping me make my grandson so happy.
Enderman  My daughter loves it!
Adorable!
Very Soft & Cute!!!  Very soft and very Cute! The perfect gift for a baby shower! I would recommend buying these, I'm glad I did.
Best markers made  We use our white boards every day.  Tired of markers that run out of ink, or worse yet, squeak.  These liquid-ink markers are made by Pentel, who apparently sell them only through Panasonic for use with their Panaboards.  They are worth a premium price but was nice to find them priced more reasonably than through the retail dealers.
Exactly as advertised  Arrived exactly as advertised.
Such soft. Very legs. Wow.  But seriously, no stuffed spider has any business being this soft. This guy was a wonderful addition to my desk (and other Minecraft plushies).
to cute!!!
Perfect!
Timeless  I used to have one of these when i was a kid and I loved it. Turns out the new generation has not lost interest :)
Fantastic toy!  My kids loved these pose-able Toothless plushies! Would love to buy more just to have extras. Now they are a little smaller than I thought they would be but they are easier to take care of, and make into sleeping pals! My kids never asked to have the mouths sewn shut, which is fine with me. The wings are very fun to play with because they have a moveable wire.
she cried in a good way: )  Bought it for a friend for her birthday, she cried in a good way :)
I love it
Love it!
Very lifelike and well made Blue Heeler  Beautiful little dog.  Looks a lot like our Blue Heeler.  Well made, very lifelike.
5 stars  Super soft! Beautiful!!!
Too cute!!!  Very well made!  It's much nicer than I expected.  My son was really excited to receive this.  Perfect!  He has it when he watches the movie!
Gracias
They are the real thing. Authentic quality!
Sweet small stuffed dragon  The Homer Dragon stands just 7-inches high, but he is very soft and has nice colors.  I bought as a pairing with the "Merlin Dragon" and they do look very nice together.  He's a welcome addition to my stuffed dragon collection.
GREAT GIFT!
I got this as a gift and she loved it!
Bullseye!  A perfect size for play. His fabric seems a bit stiff but I think he will soften with play. Bought him for my 2.5 year old and he won't let him out of sight.
Great mouses for a great price  I just needed some simple basic mouses for a couple PCs that I use and these fit the bill.  No extra functionality, just high quality basic mouses.
Great!  Great even though it seems smaller than my sons other "giant" birds. I would recommend this to an Angry Birds fan.
Great quality stuffed animal  Great quality stuffed animal!  Kids are very happy!  Even has held up well to several machine washings!  Did take close to a month to receive, but seller did say to expect that.
Well made  I bought him as a gift for my mom. She loves him! He arrived perfect! Very well made and his eyes are even.
Awesome little plush - makes a great gift!  I got this for a friend for his birthday, and he said he really loved it. It came in official Pokemon packaging and was in perfect condition. It was a good size for him - he turned 21 - and was the right colors (he likes blues) and was soft and overall a great gift. Very pleased with how it turned out (even though I know next to nothing about Pokemon)!
Very nice product. Delivered prompt. No problems.
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDYS IS HOT!!!!  My son absolutely LOVES this bear!!!! For some reason, although, tbh, he is rather cute, I must say! However, he seems a little small for the $30! Still, 5 stars for that reaction when he saw this bear, worth every penny, priceless!
and they are a perfect size.  My little.girl loves these plush toys....and they are a perfect size.
Bought this for my brother and he loved it! Came really quickly, too!
Son loved it!
This is one of the cutest stuffed toys I have ever seen. I wish they had these when I was a kid. Everything about it is wonderful. It's bigger than I thought and it looks exactly like pictured. It also comes with a cute gift bag. Xmas present + gift bag = score!
Perfect size and cuddly.  Bought this for my 2 yr old nephew. Perfect size for him. Soft and plush.
adorable! A christmas gif for my grandaughter.
CUTE!  Cute as could be. He came with his tags. He looks exactly as you see him in the pic.
Just want I wanted to try to complete my collection
Deap sea adventures  My three year old daughter loves sharks. She has a great time with this puppet and it has survived all her deal sea adventures. Has been through the washer a couple of times and still looks new. Very well made.
Very cute, priced well
Carol's Kidstuff is the shop to buy this from  I just wanted to say that I ordered this item on Dec. 14 from another vender. They sent it to the incorrect address and eventually sent a replacement almost two months later. I looked up another vender online as this was a Christmas present, and found Carol's kidstuff, which sold it at a better price and got it to me in a timely manner. It came in, in much better condition than the other one.
Great for Star Wars and Angry Bird fans alike  My son first got introduced to Angry Birds (he calls them Mad Birds), but then got into the Star Wars books at school, then the Star Wars Angry birds.  This was a great way to mesh his new loves.  He plays catch with them and also builds his own Angry Bird levels at home so he can send this flying! Her ear buns thankfully don't look much like cinnamon rolls. :)
Package came fine, although his wings were a bit smooshed and took a while to readjust. He is very soft.
best little mobile soother  Awesome little monkey my baby loves it it attaches to the car seat and his rock n play sleeper. Soothing sounds everywhere we go.
My nephew loves it.
Super cute
and I just absolutely love it. So soft and squishy and well made  I bought this owl from another vendor, and I just absolutely love it. So soft and squishy and well made. Would brighten any child's (or owl-loving-adults), day.
Gift for my Great Grand Daughter. She loves everything about Toy Story.
Cute just like the cartoon batman.
Sanei Super Mario  We bought this Super Mario Sanei Super Mario for our boys ages 5 & 6.  They play with them like typical 5 & 6 year old boys do and they have survived, lol.  They have "flown" off our 2nd story balcony, been tied up, , been in the bathtub/ hot tub, dragged behind bikes, thrown, etc.. etc... They are very well made, super durable, nice, soft, quality plush.  I think you can always trust the Nintendo plushes with the red tags.
Fun gift  Great fun gift! I have bought several of these for my niece, who loves them. Something funny and different to buy.
This is a beautiful stuffed animal  This is a beautiful stuffed animal!  Very high quality, great size and all the details are just right.  My three year old asked Santa for a unicorn this year so this was perfect.  I highly recommend this purchase!  Buy it!
Daughter loves it, she's her doll only for Christmas time, so she's really looking forward to getting her out in a month! :)
My nephew loved it.
Animal  My parents and I loved Animal and his crazy drum. Then later I fell in love with him again watching the muppets with my own kids. I got this one for my grandaughter. Four generations of Animal lovers. This one is a little  smaller than I thought but very cute.
They are happy with him and so am I  Purchased this item for my granddaughter's birthday and just received a call from her mom about how much she loves it.  They are on their way to Disneyworld and the giraffe is riding along too!  They are happy with him and so am I!
Great service!  Lovely. Great service!
Grandson extremely happy with this product, fast shipment.
best salt....  I used Red Sea for years but because of financial restraints went to a lower cost brand - not a horrible brand - just a little less money. Well what I learned was over time I wasn't doing myself or my tank any favors. Red Sea salt has everything I need and keeps my tank looking beautiful. I am so happy to say WELCOME BACK Red Sea Salt!!! I will gladly pay a little extra out of my pocket knowing how well this salt works long and short term.
love playing with this  This guy is hilarious! Both my children; 3 yrs old and 18 months old, love playing with this! They throw him around, he's very durable. We all laugh!
Cute toy  This is such a cute little flower. I got it for my three year old. She loves the animated face. It's well made with no loose strings or hazards for a toddler.
It was amazing  I love this plushie! It looked exactly like it did in the picture, if not better. It had no problems with anything on it, it's really cute and I would recommended this seller to a friend, I will be ordering sometime soon.
must have for Star Wars lovers :-)  was exactly as I expected it. knew it wouldn't hold much but for someone like me who only really needs to bring around my wallet and phone it was a perfect fit. was given alot of compliments from the staff at journeys, along with all my friends saying how cute it was. it is a bit irritable having to move his hair to keep from getting it stuck in the zipper but that's the only complaint I have. SUPER COMFY TOO. it doesn't hurt my shoulders and it's like holding a teddy bear on my back. plus, he's so cute!!! and you can bet I'll be bringing this guy along on the premiere day of Episode 7 :P
as expected
So grumpy and cute!  It looks similar but not exactly like the photo. It states in the description that there may be a color and size difference from what is pictured and that is certainly true. Since it was expected, I didn't take any stars away for that reason - plus, I think it being kind of fat makes it cuter. I ordered this as a gift for my mom who loves Plants VS Zombies and she was thrilled! It is so super soft and squishy and his face is so grumpy and cute! It has a suction cup attached with a cord and even though my plush was bigger than the one pictured, it holds just fine to a window or computer screen. The sewing on the facial features is precise and there were no loose strings anywhere on the plush. It seems to be made really well and is full enough to stand on it's own without having to use the suction cup. The colors are vibrant and consistent. Overall I gave this plush a five stars for the quality of the stitching and the plush-ness of it. If you are looking for something that looks EXACTLY like the squash in the game, this may not be the one for you but it was close enough for me and my mom. I would recommend this seller and this brand to anyone who is a fan of the game or just cute squishy veggies in general. Please let me know if my review was helpful!
Amazing quality, sits great on a shelf, and just overall cute.
A must have!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is bendable so you can actually make it stand on its own or put it on your door knob! It can do alot of stuff with it! my only complaint is that when you hold it by its tail its head kind of sags  I got mine from target and was stoked with it
As described  My son was very excited to receive this as a Christmas present. I thought it was a bit small, but it is as described. The legs are a bit scrawny. However, it is good quality and can't beat a happy child.
Awesome, especially for the price.  My daughter was thrilled with this.  It's much larger than I was expecting, I thought it would be about 7", it's well over 12".
The Most Authentic Red Panda on the Market  This red panda completed my red panda collection- a collection that has been in the making for approximately 20 years. The proportions of the panda, along with the accurate coloring, make this panda the best stuffed red panda on the market. I could go on and on but at the end of the day I cannot say enough in praise of this panda. I will leave my fellow panda enthusiasts with this story: Upon opening the panda, my eyes filled with tears and my dreams were realized. It was then I found God.  Thanks WILD LIFE ARTIST! My life is better because of you!!
looks like Pikachu, serves its purpose as a stuffed animal  affordable, no rips/tears, looks like Pikachu, serves its purpose as a stuffed animal.
Made my boyfriend very happy :)
... this as a gift for my cousin and she loved it.  I bought this as a gift for my cousin and she loved it.
My son loves this goat. Sleeps with him every night. Very soft. Wish it was a little larger though.
My daughter loved it!  Exactly as described.  My daughter loved it!
Love it
Very cute bunny  This is a gift but I know my granddaughter will love this! Appears well made and very cute!
Super soft and good quality!  This is high quality and super soft!!
Cute  Bought this for a friend. Without the tag it becomes near lifelike. (This is from a person who has never actually met one.)
It's A Winner!  My daughter absolutely loves this toy.  She stuffs it in her backpack to bring to playdates!
Holds up well its become my toddlers favorite and its very washable
Yes!  Plush new and super soft. Couldn't be happier with it! It's a great size. I got him the giant spider plush and it's perfect to fit and ride on the spider,  rarely seen in the game. My son is going to flip!
Loved it!
Great all around  This Eeyore is super cute & very soft. It's a generous size & has a adorable quasi-detachable tail. Great all around. I ordered it for my little one... but now I kind want one for myself.
My granddaughter loves it ........  My granddaughters 1st birthday was coming up and my daughter was using a Winnie the Pooh theme so I bought this and gave it to my granddaughter early so she would be familiar with Winnie when party time came.  He was a hit from the moment she saw it!  My daughter was surprised because she said Brooke had never taken to stuffed animals.  But she loves it!  She learned kisses and hugs with Winnie and carrys him everwhere she goes.  Ask her where Winnie is and she runs right over to him and picks him up and hugs him.  She even sleeps with him!  It is great that there are no pieces on it that you have to worry about coming loose or that can be pulled off and put in the little ones mouth.  Mouth, eyes, nose are all the same fabric as Winnie and are worked into the bear.  Great quality!
Really cute!
My 18 month old is gonna love him!
... year old loves Bubble Guppies but Nonny is her favorite.  My 2 year old loves Bubble Guppies but Nonny is her favorite.
Pretty cute for trolls  Cute! Granddaughters love them!
My dogs LOVE these!
lovely
I got this from hot topic
Genuine item is great, but beware of cheap counterfeits / knock-offs  The genuine version of this item, made by Japanese toy company San-ei, is very well made and great quality. However, beware of cheap poorly-made counterfeits that are VERY common for this item and most other Super Mario plushes. I have caught several merchants on Amazon selling these cheap unlicensed knock-offs. Some of the sellers I have caught are:  Q Things Plus Hobby Hunters Perfume Paradise Tisinc99 best2buyonline KyleRWeber toystodd Indipassion toyzheaven Accessories Specialty Store Cool Accessories Store 11 CoolGDou Mario's World / JOESON TOYS'S SHOP INC  New sellers pop up selling fakes pretty frequently, so you should do some quick research before buying:  1) Check the feedback of the seller you are considering buying from. If their overall score is low, or there are complaints about the quality of the items, chances are very good they are selling counterfeits. 2) Compare the price of the item against the competition. If one or a couple merchants have prices much lower than all others, chances are very high it is a counterfeit.  If you suspect you were sent a fake, I highly recommend filing a violation report against the seller in these cases. To file a violation report, simply Google "Amazon violation report" and fill out the quick form.
Nothing is wrong with him and he brings joy to me and my manatee collection  He is the cutest thing ever and the shipping was very fast. I ordered him on Friday, Christmas Day and I got him on Monday. Nothing is wrong with him and he brings joy to me and my manatee collection.
My 6 year old loves these.  Has made it through the wash without problems.
5yo is in love with this  My son is a HUGE Mario fan, and his favorite characters are Bowser and Jr. Bowser.  In fact, he says his dad is Bowser and he's junior Bowser.  I knew he would love this, and I was right. He received it for Christmas, and there isn't a day that goes by when he's not playing with it.  It's not a big toy, so quite portable for a 5yo.  Great for any Mario fan!
Shipping takes a while but the product was great! and the price was great as well!
Cute  Cute as a ladybug. My grand daughter will love it.
So Cute.  Creates Smiles Wherever You Stick Him.  So cute.  Magnets are intense.  They are a little big for the refrigerator, unless you don't have much else on the refrigerator.
Gift
Good size plush.
My son absolutely loves Mickey mouse and it arrived very quickly.
Five stars. As advertised.  Five stars.  As advertised.
As Valentine's day was approaching, my four-year-old daughter informed me that she wanted an owl with a heart on its chest for the holiday. I have no idea where she got this idea, or how she knew she would get a gift, but I didn't really take it seriously. Well, she woke up on Valentine's day and asked where her owl was. So, I jumped on Amazon.  This little plushie arrived a few days later. It's cute, it's cuddly, it's soft. She loves it. It's flat-ish, so she can use it as a small pillow or just lug it around. Phew! Crisis averted.
It's adorable!  This was the perfect gift! for my son whose in the Army I had his name embroidered on the hat and it was adorable!
The kids were happy with these plushie's
Fantastic!  My kid absolutely loves this!  Perfect size, good condition, I want one for myself!
Great gift.  This makes a amazing gift. I bought this for my son and seen the same Olaf doll at target for $20.00 so buying it for $6.00 is a great price.
Grandson freaked over it!
What a hoot!  So cute and lifelike (we have Poms clipped like this AND Shiba Inus) my cat gets so jealous every time I pet and cuddle Boo.  It is hilarious!  Cat will come up and try to do the classic bap, bap, bap bap on Boo's stuffed head.
Very happy with my purchase  I recomend this seller. Very happy with my purchase. Merchandise perfect, delivered in time. Also the package was very professional, perfect.
Good size toy grand son will love it. Thank you
Excellent gift for my valentine.
Cute as H**l  Perfect :)
Adorable !  A gift for my niece! She will love it. I grew up playing with these dolls and I still kept them years later for my children! Worth every penny!
Too cute! Gund has the world's softest stuff animals
My grandson loved it. But I did sew the little red parts on both sides of the face. There is a slit in them and they slide over another piece. That's how they are attached. they are not sewn on. Other then that it is a beautiful toy.
The Princess Of The Galaxy  Rosalina is so soft and pretty. Her Plush is beautiful to look at. Very happy to have her in my collection.
So Soft & Adorable  The best stuffed animal ever! It is the world's cutest dog! I can only imagine what the real "BOO" must be like! What a great idea to have made a stuffed animal from a popular YOU TUBE video! Love it!
Always perfect.  Always perfect.  I do alot of online shopping from Amazon. In my family alone we have three different accounts. Amazon is always perfect from ordering to ripping the box open. I order so much from Amazon... I keep this text saved so I can always give a perfect review on all my orders without typing for every item I receive. Thank You for all you do; Allen
This is a nice addition for a young Pokemon fan  My son loves it, he has it with him all the time. This is a nice addition for a young Pokemon fan.
Its great  It's a great plush. Recommend it for sonic collector's.
Very cute! Soft, exactly as pictured.
great item.  it was as expected. great item.
Adorable little doll!  Super Cute! My daughter loves all of the Llama Llama books so this is the perfect doll her her. It's now her favorite because it has the little "baby". FYI...The clothes on llama llama are actually removable.
Fantastic quality  Pros: The stitching is very well done and the colors are accurate.  Cons: My only complaint is that the neck is a bit flimsy. It could have been padded more to keep it upright.
My 3 year old son is going to love this!!  I can't wait to see him open his Woody doll at his 4th of July birthday party!! Woody is all plush, his head is not plastic as shown in the picture but that's ok. This just means he'll be more comfortable for my little one to cuddle him. We recieved it quickly, and it seems to be good quality. Very satisfied with this purchase.
A very cute Peach plush.  This Peach doll is so very cute and just the right size for little kids who are fans of Mario. The details are good and the materials used are soft and plush to touch. The stitching is very good and should last a long time of play.
Family favorite for over a decade  My first child received this as a gift at his birth in 2002. It played for him in the NICU, and followed him home where it stayed close by for four years, until his death in 2007. I have since purchased Beethoven too, but the Mozart doll holds a special place in my heart. It finally bit the dust and I'm back to by another one for my youngest, a little boy, who I hope enjoys it as much as his big brother used to.
Very cute stuffy  They don't get much cuter and cuddlier than this guy. It is ultra soft (both plushy and soft to the touch on the outside) and looks great. The sitting folded in the product photo is just one position for this guy: it has a very normal dog body shape and all four legs hang down like a real dog when you hold its back.  The eyes are itty bitty and just peek out from under all the fur.  As I unwrapped this, my seven year old snatched it and made it his (it was supposed to be for his brother).  The stuffy is very well-made.
Adorable - going to compliment my baby gift. Delivery was fast.
Goomy is love, Goomy is life  It's so kawaii~! Goomy is love, Goomy is life!
Cute Jiji beanie!  I love my little Jiji! So do my cats haha! It's not too big, maybe about 6 inches long, but he is really cute. I catch my kitties sleeping by him in their little cat beds! So funny! Anyway, it is super-soft and well-made! Thank you!
Great gift!  This was my sons favorite gift for his birthday
Adorable!!!
Im very satisfied with my item and I got my order quick  Im very satisfied with my item and I got my order quick. My 1yr old son loves Tec and hes going to be so happy when he opens this on Christmas. I just wish maybe in the near future you will have the Tec birthday party decorations. Thank you!
Super fast shipping  Item was shipped quickly and just as pictured. Very pleased
This is a small stuffed anime but perfect for our themed Bday party  This is a small stuffed anime but perfect for our themed Bday party. fast shipping and item as described. Love it
Perfect  Avengers 5 pc 4"plush love them perfect for the crib mobile, came in the mail early too
Great Gift Idea!
So cute  My daughter loves this dog, she got it with the book.  A great gift.  Good quality, soft and well made.
Couple who received it as a gift, LOVED it  This was given as a gift to a couple who were honeymooning at Disney.  They came back to me after opening it with the comment, "You always find the best gifts! It is so cute. We love it!"  As I did not open the box, I am giving their review as my own.
RARITY!!!!  My daughter absolutely loves this Rarity! It is he absolute favorite pony, and her favorite 4th Dimension plush she owns, definitely worth the money!
They are different, if that is what you like, they are fine  It was fine. Grandchild collects them after a trip to the science museum in Boston
this was a gift. Thank You!!
Love it
Cool toy.  Very good voice quality.  Sounds just like sully from the movie "Monsters University."  My 5 yr old loves this thing.
Awesome accessory to get any naruto fan  Awesome accessory to get any naruto fan!! So pleased with this frog coin wallet, exactly as described and only took 12 days to get it. I got it for my son to go with his naruto costume, he's going to love it!! And it's a great deal for less than $3.
Soft and lovely, Would def reccomend.  For the price this is a very good stuffed animal! No holes or threads that needed to be sewed up, and it was soft and nice to cuddle with.  The only odd thing about it is the little insert in its lil' butt. But, pro side of having that! It helps it to stand up, And it's not like it gets in the way of a good cuddle, anyway.  Great value for the price!
Fun and easy to use for toddlers  Got this for my 2yo and he loves it.  It is easy for him to use and helps with fine motor skills.  My 2yo loves buttoning ans zipping things so this was definitely the Elmo toy for him.
Super cute
Love it!  I love how customizable this toy is and my 9 month old daughter absolutely loves it! Better than the fisher price pup in my opinion.
Awesome gift for FNAF fans  My daughter watches these YouTube reviews on this game and loves this gift!
The perfect friend.  We love Elmo. Got him for my 18 month old granddaughter and she carries him around everywhere. And she has never seen Sesame Street!  He does nothing - no talking - just a friend. She is teaching him to patty cake and does share her lunch. He is a wonderful friend and the perfect size.
How adorable ....  I got these for my two grand babies for their birthday ....I received them so fast & I am in love with them ...They are so soft and got them at a very good deal ...Gave them to the babies on Sunday && they love them so much ...Emma is 5 and Aiden is 2 ...What a great gift!!  Thank you!!!
My son loves it.
Love it  I love it it is soft and my favorite color I even hung it on my wall so it won't get ruined  I even have the purple one next to it  I hung it using push pins the heart clip can sit on
Great for the price  I got this for a white elephant Christmas gift with my family.  It is always the fun gifts like this one that keep getting "stolen" and make the exchange more fun.  Remember to pull the plastic battery cover or the sound won't work.  I was a goof and didn't see it prior to contacting the seller who very politely explained how to make it work.  Thanks!
I gave it as a gift, so far the child loves it
My kids love these!!
Perfect for any age  The detail is fan-tastic.  Couldn't be a better Ms. Piggy representation, for any age.
Granddaughter loved this Winnie the Pooh and takes it to bed.
Daughter loves it!  Our daughter loves it! Unfortunately she lost hers and we'll have to buy another. Our daughter is 6 years.
Great pan!  Love this pan - perfect size and easy to clean! Worth the price - great price
great
Looks exactly like The picture, very cute! Thank you!
So Cute. Makes Kids Fight!  I bought this for my son's birthday, and our daughter cried.  She was so jealous. That's how cute this toy is. Buy one for each kid ;-)
Adorable  It is so cute and awesome. I never thought it would be that cool. But when I opened the box I was filled with joy! Thank you!
soft and a very good size
Perfect toy for old lady who never stopped loving stuffed animals
Perfect for little ones who love Pooh Bear!  My nearly 2 year old LOVES this Tigger plush. It's a great size and she sleeps with him every night. Good quality stuffed animal.
Awesome slippers, they're large but they fit on my feet (women's size 10)
Authentic Pokemon Center Pikachu  It's an AUTHENTIC Pokemon Center Pikachu that is just as described, and imported right from Japan! I must have for collectors! Enjoy!
I use this for a hall pass  great find....I use this for a hall pass and my students, who are high school students by the way, enjoy walking through the halls carrying this silly guy!
Great Christmas present  I purchased this Stretchkins for my daughter for Christmas she loved it and she really loved the exercise DVD and most of all I love the price thank you so much
My grandson is in LOVE  He is super excited with all sharks so I was pleased as punch to add this to his collection
great toy to match crib set  Very nice plush toy for my baby to go with the set. I would recommend it to anyone who got the set
Boxed very well got in right way. Would buy from this vender again
Pretty small but very cute!
daughter loves it
Great!  Got this for my daughter as a reward and she loves it! It's cute, soft and well-made. Everything you'd expect a Disney stuffie to be. :)
and she absolutely loved it!  Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend, and she absolutely loved it!
Nice bed time toy  For a 3 yr old who wants to sleep with his latest favorite toys-blue angels (he has three regular/not plush planes)-this is a good choice
The doll over delivers!!!!!!  The doll just came today and  I am elated !!!!  The doll is well constructed, has removable clothing, and a huge bonus of having embroidered eyes!!!! How cool is that!!!  She is huge and even though her hair is yarn, it is still versatile. The only  thing I don't like about this doll is her name.  Rubi?????  Really?????  That name is ugly as  Gertrude.  But when all is said and done, this is a wonderfully fabulous doll.  I am changing her name and moving on.  I highly recommend this doll for  females 1-100.  The toddler girls will love it, and the women doll collectors will treasure it.
As expected
Very cute  super soft! My son loves it
I love it. My daughter loves the noise.
Nice doll  Elsa arrived in great shape and seems to be well made.
My grandson loves this sunflower!
My great granddaughter LOVES her Elmo doll.
best buy minecraft gift  i loved these my 14 year old daughter and her friends LOVE LOVE LOVE them they were made really well and they are so soft
Adorable!  Cute. Didn't realize it was so small but that was my own fault. Ordered two other 6" bulbasaur and squirtle plushies for my soon to be two year old to make a tough decision  So this tuned out to be a little smaller compared to them but if I took two seconds to read it says the size right there. But this is often the charmander recommended with those two plushies so just be aware of the size difference if you do order them all together.  Really cute though!
adorable
Baby's best friend  So the baby loves this toy! It is just a bear but for a baby who agent oso is his favorite character, it really makes my day when my nephew when he saw this toy he began to giggle and when i handed it to him, he held the bear to his chest! It was so cute <3
He's a HUGE Hit!!  I purchased this Giraffe for my daughter and I'm SO glad I did, she LOVES it!! It's big, stands on his own and is very soft, which makes petting nice. She took him to her weekly "Furry Friend" day and that's reserved for the "special stuffies", so he passed the test!  Kangaroo Manufacturing did well with this one. The giraffe is well made, seams seem great, as I said above, he stands on his own and the fabirc for his outter layer is soft to the touch. Any child or giraffe lover will be thrilled to pieces with this toy.  I happily purchased this giraffe for the purpose of a review. All opinions are my own and not influenced in any way.
I love it  Amazing quality!
Love it! Arrived in excellent condition  Love it!  Arrived in excellent condition!
My granddaughter loves baby Sully
very nice
Great Springer Spaniel likeness  The best toy springer spaniel I have found. Even the wavy ears look like the real puppies.
Great Plush, get it!  This plushy is very cute and made well. It was the perfect present for my daughter
i love stitch disney products quality are awesome the stitch is very soft perfect for hugging
So soft  This plush animal was so soft and was exactly as described!
great product, would recommend, grand daughter loved it.
Great quality toy  I bought this for my shih tzu because he goes crazy being able to "attack" while you use it to fight back. I've had it for a few weeks now and with much playing time, nothing has fallen apart. Great quality toy.
Nice cuddle buddy.  Everything I expected when I ordered this. It is a good size and it is very soft and my 7 year old loves it.
Perfect size for 18 month old  The perfect size for my 18 month old.  She LOVES her Elmo.  She also has the Cookie Monster and is often seen carrying one under each arm.  Nice quality construction and bright color.
Loved it!  Super cute my niece loved it!
Great for plane rides!  I purchased this thinking that it would keep my 13 month old daughter entertained on the plane ride. She LOVED it, it's the one toy she comes back to time and time again!
Douglas Toy animals are AMAZING...  I really cannot say enough about this lovely little unicorn :)  My daughter owns several of them now and will be getting her first Douglas Toy Pegasus for her birthday in March;)  These are, hands down, the best stuffed animals on the market.  They're amazingly soft and Douglas Toys makes a LARGE variety of them (for girls AND boys) that even adults can't resist cuddling with.  You will get your money's worth and then some.  This will be one of those toys that you'll hang on to with memories of how much love your little one had for him/her :)  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Oh my this thing is precious cute. Got it for my friend who had it as a theme for her nursery. Make sure you check the size out to be sure it's what you want.
Turned out to be a great gift!
Great little pair of scissors  I really like these scissors.  They are great for many uses; I have used them for crafting, knitting, crocheting and for genreal purposes.  I like the cover as the tips are very sharp allowing for detailed cutting.  They are my go with me scissors.  I have a pair in my crafting tote, my crochet and knitting bag and a pair at my desk.  These scissors are definitely worth the price!
Really nice. Was a gift and she loved it.
My 6 year old loves this plush. He sleeps with it every night (along with the pea shooter).
Got this for my girlfriend and she loved it! Highly recommend
Happy kids :)  Pretty well made toy, nice bright color, big size - all as advertised. Kids were very happy!
so I definitely recommend it!  This product is really really interesting and worth buying, it's suppose to be for my 3 year old son for liking the buckles but my 9 months old baby loves it so much that he sleeps with it. Because of its color, texture and softness that they would really adore and hug all the time, so I definitely recommend it!!!
granddaughter just loved it.  fast shipping
Elmo's a hit!  Great gift for my 18month old grandson. He adores elmo and takes it everywhere.
Very soft and lovable!  Great granddaughter very pleased with her Winnie the Pooh.
Love him!
A must have for all Death note/L fans!  I was thrilled to find the shipment arrived today, which is sooner than I expected. The quality is fantastic & it's small, but still adorable. A great recommendation for all Death Note & L fans! (:
Was a great addition to my daughters Halloween costume  Bigger than expected! Was a great addition to my daughters Halloween costume. :)
Perfect gift.
Real or ...  It' the same size as my black pug and is beautifully made!
dependable and lightweight  This is a basic corded optical mouse. It works on just about any surface and has suvived being dropped regularly. They come three to a box and the price is reasonable and the reliability is high.
my grandson loves it
Great for bedtime  My oldest son had one and used it during the night when he was 12 to 30 months old.  This model is better than the previous because it will play for ten minutes.
My little girl loves it.
A Hit!  I bought these for my friend's son and he absolutely adores them. Small, but great quality and very cuddly!
Great product  Bought this as a gift for my nephew who is 2 and he loved it.
My granson loved it.
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas  Each of my children receives a hippopotamus for their first Christmas.  This one was for my infant.  It is so soft and cuddly!  The color is a pretty pale purple grey color and it is the perfect size for a small child.
So glad I found this at such a great price  Got here early, well made and my son LOVES this!  So glad I found this at such a great price.  It's well made and has become an instant favorite!
excellent
Worth every penny!  Just as described. My grandson loves his epiti (elephant)..he sleeps with it at night..he's soft and just the right size.
I love Happy!! :)  Soooo cute!!
great gift  Sloth was as described. Very fluffy and my fiance loved it.
My daughter is delighted with this product  Minecraft rules in our house. My daughter is delighted with this product. It is well made and accurate to the picture.
Cute  Very soft and cuddly, my granddaughter is going to love it
Perfect,  Thanks
but still love it!  Upset because it didn't bring the tag just the rush tag. I should of read it carefully, but still love it!
love it  My child's favorite blanket.  We have multiple incase it is lost! Very soft. I send it through the washing machine often and holds up great
Our 3 year old loves her Elsa doll. Sleeps with her every night.
Am I in love with him  Am I in love with him? Yes! Buy the pair! They need to be together or it's just not as fun ^.^
I was hesitant to buy this item because the reviews scared me off, but I just went for it anyways. I figured I can always send it back. It arrived to my house fairly quickly and I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package, it was so cute my daughter grabbed it and since then has been carrying it everywhere.
Sublime Shiny Vaporeon!   I am an Eevee/Eeveelution fanatic, and this is probably the most INCREDIBLE Vaporeon plush I have EVER owned. I love this aquatic feline (Merlion) Pokemon, and I own both the medium-sized Tomy Vaporeon and the large Banpresto "I Love Eevee" Vaporeon (shown in the photo I've provided, for comparison) -- but this very special Vaporeon plush is absolutely my new favourite!  Firstly, he's actually Shiny! You will not be able to find an official Shiny purple Vaporeon plush toy available from any other company. The colours are lovely and vivid, accurate to the real Shiny Vaporeon. Secondly, he is very large (about 14 inches tall from the tip of the fin on his forehead to his paws), super-soft, and plumply stuffed. The outer material is extremely soft (sublimely so) and of stellar quality; the plush is also very durable, yet cuddly and squashy soft. He is perfect to cuddle with. Also, every detail is beautifully accurate -- his ear fins, his frilly white mane, the spines lining his back and tail (which are very soft and felt-like), his mermaid-like tail, his big black eyes, and adorable feline face. His tail is wrapped gracefully around his body, and he is in sitting position, able to stand up on his own easily. Such cute paws, and a little plump tummy. Everything about this Shiny Vaporeon plush is "purrfect"!  My Shiny Vaporeon's ear fins are a bit floppy, as he was wrapped securely in a bag for a while during shipping, but they seem to be unfurling nicely. They are so soft, and sewn on professionally.  I will treasure this Shiny Vaporeon plushie forever.
Love to Death  Keep my feet warm and comfortable without making them sweaty. Also able to turn a few heads with them :)
Brooke is just the bee's knees...or maybe the rabbit's tail!  Another Mary Meyer plush toy bought, and we cannot say that we are yet through. Of all of her Fernwoods, Ivy is the preferred one. Ivy is the fox, but Brooke Bunny is a great toy,too, and loved by all little girls who get one. They really are cute : a bow on the head and cute dresses make these really personable to kids. I happen to love Mary Meyer's products as well . I have read that someone wrote that this toy has not held up, but we have not yet seen that. We have had Ivy the fox, and she is still in great condition and still just as loved.
They love it!  Bought this for my foster kittens. They love it!
Highly recommended  Very well made and incredibly cute! I got one for Christmas this year, and even the non Doctor Who fans in the room thought he was adorable.
Great  Has held up well and been great
Fine cookware bargain  Was trying to make the commitment to purchase the All Clad LTD saucier. Kept reading the reviews to the Kitchen Aid and decided I did not want to spend twice the price on the All Clad.  Thhis saucier does not disappoint in any way.  Shaped well, easy to clean, beautiful and cooks like a dream!  Love it!
A new friend of a 6 year old.  Although I know nothing about Yo-kai Watch. This isn't so for our 6 year old. She sleeps with this. All I hear now is how " Kawaii" it is. It's amazingly soft.
My daughter LOVES her some Jesus.  I had to give this doll 5 stars in everything because of how much my daughter loves it. The hair is crazy- yes, the feet and hands look weird- yes... but my daughter is CRAZY about this thing. She sleeps with it every night and she said it helps her feel closer to God when she is scared or praying. I would buy this toy all over again because I know how much love and comfort she feels from it. I highly recommend this toy!!!! My mother put a few stitches in the hand and feet to make them look more anatomically correct.  Bottom line- my daughter is head over heels with this thing and I am sooooooooooooooooooooo glad that we bought it!!!
looks like the picture
This is one of my grandsons favorite toys.
Super cute, my husband love it!!! :)
Adorable  Great pricing! As soft and as adorable as I expected it to be!
So happy they brought the GlowWorm back  So happy they brought the GlowWorm back! I had one when I was a kid and loved it. Now my daughter has one, and she loves it too. There's a switch hidden in the back that controls whether you want it in sample mode with light and music, or whether you want just the light for 10 minutes, or whether you want music and light for 10 minutes. We take this with us when we travel, because it provides nice low lighting without the need for a lamp.
Don't fight the urge... buy it now!  If you like Kirby as much as I do, you probably won't be reading this review because you already own this. But if you don't, rest assured that it is an amazing product. Like other Kirby plushies, it's made with very soft fabric and well-designed, embroidered details. Note that the gloves are not leatheresque like real boxing gloves, but that's ok because that might decrease it's cuddlability.  Me likey.
Very cute and perfect for toddlers!  For $20 I thought it wouldn't be worth it but it was for my niece for Christmas but so worth it! Elsa was bigger and fuller than I thought we would be. Not one of those cheap knock offs!
Very Nice.
Happy  This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she was very excited. Full of fluff, only complaint I have is that the frying pan in his hand could've been made better.
Perfect for fans  Cute as bug, a trilobite even.
Excellent quality
Totally satisfied  Beautiful item. Exceeded expectations. Very high quality, is well made and will last for many years. Is a perfect choice.
Good price, my kids love it  Came as expected. Good price, my kids love it
A Gallbladder With a Smile  Given to a friend who recently had their gallbladder removed. What a wonderful replacement, a gallbladder with a smile!
My son loves his sully!! Great quality, my son takes him everywhere and hes holding up beautifully. Also SUPER soft which I wasn't really expecting :)
and better than expected  Wow. Not weird, not late, and better than expected.
Mascots  Cute
Nice  Just as ordered. Nice price too.
Grand son loves elmo
Great for keeping busy  My niece really loved this! She got it a little after Christmas... my fault not the company. Last minute auntie gift
Exactly like the picture, great quality
So adorable. Love the colors  So adorable.  Love the colors.
^_^ Adorable
Smaller than expected but nice.
I choose you.......  Perfect! My granddaughter loved them. I won Christmas this year.
I love it. I bought it for my kids. They loved it
Boy loves it
Realistically awesome  My quirky five year old hates unrealistic stuffed animals and I'm sure she'll be ecstatic to find this under our tree. Great buy!!
Great plush, Great price and one of the best costumer services on amazon  the plush its so cute and its well made . The costumer service have been so kindly when i get in  touch with them and they solve all y issues inmediately and without any problmem. Thanks so much for the  shipment and safe arrival of him. Incredible experience!!!!
Very realistic and fluffy, proper toy for grown-ups
Cute little bird, and general comments about it.  I can't really complain, I like it a lot, and it made a great gift for my girlfriend. The only problem I had with it, has been an issue yet, but it does not have a way to get to the soundbox inside it to change the batteries if it would ever need it. Also, it is a little bit bigger, or about the size of a softball. I didn't have a problem with the size, but in case anyone wanted to know.
Bought this for my mom and she loved it.
Great  Goes great with the other ..
A Very Adorable Pikachu!  My nephew loved the Pikachu I sent him. It's so cute and adorable. Thanks so much for the prompt delivery.
and anime plushes and swords and geeky cosplay stuff so this is awesome for us  My boyfriend and I are crazy collectors. We do funkos, and anime plushes and swords and geeky cosplay stuff so this is awesome for us. It's true to his character and a very good size for just putting inside a bookshelf.
My grandson was very pleased! Apparantly there are different types of "Kirby" plushies  My grandson was very pleased!  Apparantly there are different types of "Kirby" plushies....Looks like I got the RIGHT one.
Alligator love!  We live in Florida and our two year old grandson is obsessed with alligators. This is a fun, cuddly toy, not too scary!
For the buckle- loving toddler  My toddler loves this toy! Keeps her attention and helps her learn patience. Wish I had bought a bigger one!
Great quality product  We got this as a Christmas present for our son (7), who adores sharks. It is very good quality, looks awesome and is surprisingly soft! Our son was thrilled with it as were we!
Excellent  EXCELLENT!! Super fast delivery! A+++
So realistic  I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. It looks so real we love it. Thank you, she no longer wants a real one she loves this one enough.
STITCH  my daughter totally loved Stitch.
So soft and amazing!! Not as creepy as other Sulley's.
SO cute!  It has good stitching, and and works wonderfully. I would totally recommend this product to any other Naruto fan, or anyone that loves cute things.
My daughter loves it
My grand daughter loved them.
Soft plush doll perfect for toddlers to cuddle with and not worry about pieces falling out. My son won't let it go
Love it.  My granddaughters were thrilled with him.  Very soft and he doesn't take up a lot of room in bed.  Perfect to hug all night.
smell bad on the outside  Although I had been advised that they "...smell bad on the outside...", this one was apparently freshly bathed and had no discernible odor.  The average body temperature of a tauntaun is recorded as being "Luke-warm", but my nephew and sister-in-law's expectations greatly exceeded this measurement.
Such a beautiful doll. My granddaughter loves it!
Girl love it good material she sleeps with plush all nigths
long 3  we received it by ups and it was boxed awesomely and the three split peas were so adorably adorable. we love it.
Bought it as a gift and wanted to keep it for myself!
good
Exactly what my kid wanted, well made Disney product tag on it.
My 18 month old daughter loves this toy. Well made and gteat for hand coordinattion.
Pokemon 6" Jhoto Edition Cyndaquil Plush  My son loves it.  Gave it to him at Hanukkah as one of his gifts  I try to get the plushies he likes
So soft and adorable. Exactly what I was looking for  So soft and adorable.  Exactly what I was looking for!
Neptune looks very well made. My daughter enjoys playing with her Neptune plushie.
Great  My son collects Super Mario toys and he just loved adding this to collection. Its a great size and he really enjoys it.
I like this character from the anime and the product is as its described
Adorable!
This was a gift to another person who liked it very much.
Happy  fast shipping ! thank you! Happy Hiolidays
Worth the money  My boys love plush toys, These have lasted several wash and dry cycles. Worth the money.
A very adorable otter plush  It looks exactly like it's shown on the produce description page. The material is soft and light, while the underlying structure isa bit on the sturdy side but not too tough. It definitely looks really adorable. Only thing is that it's mean to be placed lying on its back; it's front paws are also stuck together, so it probably won't be able to stand straight. Overall, it accompany with others in the Aurora World Miyoni line-up.
My son loves it.
Horrifyingly adorable plush  Alien is one of my favorite movies and I had the facehugger from the same set so I wanted to add another one to my plush collection. It is very soft and plush, it also has beans in the bottom of the plush so it can sit up right on its own. All the stitching is very neat on the face and the body giving it a cute terrifying look. It arrived on time and in a lot of packaging so it would not get damaged. I would recommend to any fan of the Alien movies or games.
Adorable, i got it for my boyfriend who's a big pokemon nerd <3
Quality R2 plush  Daughter is a huge R2 fan and this is one of her favourite.  Its a little smaller than thought it would be but after about 6 months it is holding up great. It has little weights in the feet that are too small to cause problems for my 2 year old but let it stand up nicely.
Everyone loves a Murloc. MURARRRURURURRU
Light, powerful, great trimmer  I have a large English laurel (8 feet wide, 5 feet high, about 4 feet deep) in front of my house that grows like a weed. I trimmed it once by hand, which took a long time, and was no fun. I then bought the biggest HomeLite gas powered trimmer that Home Depot carries, which was easier than trimming by hand. When that machine stopped running, I read reviews on this Tanaka THT-2000, and decided to splurge. Wow, what a difference. Its small size makes you wonder how it can possibly trim as well as the other reviewers claim. But it easily cuts through 1/2 - 3/4 inch branches that the HomeLite struggled with, and trimming the English laurel was a pleasure. If you buy it, search for the best price; I ended up buying mine directly from WiseSales.com.
Exactly as described
Very cute!
Great Product  Perfect and adorable
My Amelia Loves this Amelia  Well my daugther just loves this doll since her name is Amelia too.  The Groovy Girl is soft and cute for a 6 year old.  My daughter loves playing with all of the daughters and their accessories.
Cutest Dragon, cuter than the real on-line Dragon!  Love my Dragon!  Die hard Dragon Vale Player!
Kid's love the elf.  I purchased the girl and boy elf for my daughter and son and they love them.  The elves are very well made and are soft and durable.  I am going to also buy them for my neice and nephew.  Great value too.
It is awesome. My daughter love this toy a lot  It is awesome. My daughter love this toy a lot. It can keep her busy for 30 minutes. Very good toy for the development of  motor skills.
Good quality.  Arrived on time and as advertised.
Adorable 1needed batteries hope my niece and nephew loved them .i did
great!
Adorable!  We bought this for my daughter, who was putting alot of things in her mouth at the time. I felt totally safe with this Pooh bear. She adores it and sleeps with it every night.
Biggest shark in our collection my son absolutely loves it!
This stuffed toy is so well made. I couldn't be more pleased. My two year old loves him and so do I.
Very Nice!  Very cool; it makes awesome C3PO sound effects, which is uncommon to Angry Birds toys. Most of them just make the same standard 3 or 4 generic Angry Birds calls. Son was very happy.
My daughter loved it.
My Nephew Loves Pete!  I sent this to my niece's little boy for Christmas and she reported that he loved it.  Who doesn't love Pete?
works perfect.  My friend have one she bought on Disney store, so I can honestly say it is the real thing. Came with the original package and batteries, works perfect.
Love it!
Perfect for hospital present welcoming newborn  Bigger then expected. Perfect for hospital present welcoming newborn. So very soft, cuddly, and interesting without being too crazy. Super adorable.
Grand-daughter's fav  This instantly became by grand-daughter's favorite stuffy.  She loves Sesame Street and Elmo.  It's small and soft and just right for an 18 month old.
My son loves it
Adorable  small but realistic puppy size, and the fur is very soft. my niece and I love it.
Star War toys are always a hit especially Yoda!  My Grandson, age 8, loved this as part of his birthday present.  The other gifts I gavehim, he was mildly excited about, but when he got to this...BINGO!  He loved it!
Just as promised.......  One happy grandson!
Very good.  I really like this plush.  It actually is bigger than I expected.  It came to the house quickly.  I have no complaints.
Loved  I loved this item it matched the picture perfectly!!!
Mrs. Kasoogi = A 4 year old's best friend  Much beloved by my 4 yo daughter.  Love the goofy design and the durable construction.  She is a lovable UglyDoll.
I love it so much  Its so cute, I love it so much. Great addition to my collection!
Great Christmas Gift  Got it as a present for a 5 year old and he loves it reminds me of the ones from the 80s but these talk. Perfect for any age and fan of the WWE
Much loved baby gift
awesome
Perfect for Easter baskets!  I ordered these for my granddaughters Easter Baskets and they looked so cute!  The girls were so surprised and they really like them.  Delivery was fast and packaging was great!
Pretty doll !!!!!
Looks like a ghast!  just like a ghast! My son adores it. Seems very well made, stitching is tight and no visible problems.
Love it!  I love it! It's too cute!
Precious!  I gave this as a gift.  The recipient was ecstatic and spread the joy!
Who doesn't love Dora the Explorer!  I'm breaking out of my comfort zone here (I usually ONLY review books, movies and music) to review a toy I recently purchased for my daughter (this is the first of potentially 5 reviews).  My daughter (who is 2) is IN LOVE with Dora and Diego.  She already has a few Dora dolls (not to mention a bedspread) but I just couldn't resist these little Ty dolls.  I actually really like the size.  She can stuff all five of her dolls in her Dora Backpack and take them around the house with her.  I won't let her sleep with Dora or Diego yet (as some have mentioned, the hair is kind of scary in that it looks like it could easily come out) but she has enough other dolls (Boots for one) to sleep with.  Yes, I gave it only four stars on durability since the ware and tear of a toddler can do some damage.  Boots already is separating at the seams on his legs, so I had to get onto my little one for pulling at his legs.  No, his legs are not falling off, but I can tell that they are getting weak.  So, just watch your little ones to make sure they don't `love these little guys to death'.  If your kids love Dora you can rest easy knowing that they will LOVE these dolls as well!  And a note to parents, these toys are NOT educational; but the show is VERY much so (my kids speaks Spanish!  Like, OMG, I don't speak a word and she converses with me in Spanish at TWO YEARS OLD!!!).
This is the perfect size for a little one and is SO soft  I ordered this for my toddler's second birthday, and he loves it! He has been carrying Eeyore around for the past two days. This is the perfect size  for a little one and is SO soft. The semi-detachable tail is just a cute bonus. Plus, the eyes are made of material, and are part of the doll, so I don't have to worry about them coming loose and becoming a choking hazard. I would recommend this for any child...even a newborn!
Very strong internal wiring, seems like good quality.  I bought this as a costume so I had to cut the tail off so the face would stick out of my shirt - John Hurt style. It wasn't easy. It has two metal "wires" so it holds its shape and they were tough to cut through. The material seemed strong too, the filling is a very dense fill. The mouth is recessed so I put dollar store dracula teeth in it to make it look more grimacing. It held up the whole night at a Halloween party. The only negatives are that it's a bit too 'cute' (though I think that's the point) and a bit larger in scale than was came out of John Hurt's character. People loved the costume.
Gotta Catch 'Em All  It took a while to get here, way too long, but it's very well made.
Very nice, cuter and larger than expected.
Jack is great!  Better than what I was expecting!!! Picture really doesn't do it justice. My daughter loves him!
is what it is!
Cuddle up with Elmo  This Elmo and Cookie monster are amazing!  I only gave it 3 stars for Educational value because let's face it, it's a snuggle toy.  This Elmo is VERY well put together and even went through the washer and dryer and came out great!  It is SUPER hard to find an Elmo/Cookie Monster larger than the little 8 inch guy that doesn't have those awful hard eyes that they always want to use on him.  This guy is all embroidered and his eyes are soft so there is no head bonking with the eyes.  If you are looking for a larger Elmo/Cookie Monster or Big Bird this one is absolutely worth the money!
it arrived earlier than expected and it was her favorite of all the gifts she received  My six-year old granddaughter had this toy on her wish list.  I ordered it; it arrived earlier than expected and it was her favorite of all the gifts she received.  I felt bad for all the other guests who gave her quite a few, very nice gifts.  But she loved it, loudly said so and hugged it for the rest of the party!
GREAT PRODUCT!!! Buy it!!!  This works GREAT!! I would gladly buy it again!!
Huge!  My 2 year of daughter loves Peppa. This doll much bigger than I expected almost half my daughters height lol. Really good deal
On time and perfect! Thank you.
awesome
loved this item and so did my son.
awesome  awesome was everything I expected and more thanks so much an I look forward to buying from you in the future
Awesome product.  Great Seller.
Great product  Very soft and great quality for the price
Great!  Exactly as described with fast shipping!
Peppa makes a beautiful princess.  Peppa and George were purchased at the same time.  Peppa makes a beautiful princess...colors are great!  Will buy more.
I'm in love!!  Even better in person!! So unbelievably cute, very detailed. Smaller than you might think, but still SOOOOO amazing!
I got the real one.
Great product.
This was from Santa...so I can't say, but my great grandson already had Poo so I wanted him to have Poo's friends. Sorry I can't help.
Love it  My son Loves this plush he loves playing with it with all his Mario Character plushes.
High Quality & Whimsical, well worth it!  My little guy is obsessed with planets and the solar system. I got this for him for upcoming Christmas. I was really impressed with the workmanship and detail of these planet plush buddies when it arrived! All of the planets details are printed on the fabric making it very realistic, very soft and cuddly, and the planets name is embroidered on its foot for all of us parents who can't tell the planets apart on sight. For Jupiter, the big red spot is his nose. Too cute! I'm super happy with this purchase.
This was purchased as a replacement for a well loved doll that was lost  This was purchased as a replacement for a well loved doll that was lost. It arrived promptly as promised and made a sad little girl very happy.
Very cute and soft!
precious little critters
2 year old grandson loves this, bought for Christmas and just the right size.
Got this for my 3 year old niece. Seemed to be well made.
great gift
I love this miku plushie! The size is just perfect and she's soooo cute!
Really  awesome Funko Harley Quinn plush I like it a lot now I need Joker 
Love it!
As beautiful as I expected  So cute!!! As beautiful as I expected.
My nephew was very happy to get it he loves it
Great quality!  Beautifully detailed! The eyes alone really look like alligator eyes. Very realistic and my child loves it! Not as big as I thought it would be, but very well made and high quality.
Super cute and cuddly! :-)  This Gund cookie monster plush toy is super cute. I love his vibrant blue color, his shaggy, soft fur, and the fact that his eyes are made up of cloth/fabric instead of hard plastic (just like what the other reviewer has pointed out). He is so cuddly. I bought this one together with the Gund Elmo 20-inch plush toy, so now my baby has both of her favorite Sesame Street buddies :) This toy does not shed as much (if it does, it's hardly noticeable) compared to most plush toys. Looks realistic. As for durability, I guess we'll have to find out coz we just received the product very recently. But it does look and feel like it's very well put together, well-stuffed, and it looks like it's of high-quality. I hope it lasts a long time. All in all I feel that my money was well spent on this toy. I'm very pleased with my purchase and would buy it as a gift to someone. Just the right size for toddlers too. :-)
Awesome loved by lil one  My daughter has penny pig and belle cow lovey and she LOVES them they have the rattle in the head and soft soft body awesome present in my book
So cute!
Hooked  I was introduced to this product right before I entered college and I have not stopped ever since. For the most part I have normal skin (not too oily not to dry) tend to get a little oily once in a while (If I didn't use a face wash) but this product works wonders.  I use it everyday once a day and it makes my skin oh so smooth, I don't get pimples or zits.  Its just the perfect balance for what I need, and it smells fresh.  I have gotten compliments on my skin over the years.  "Are you wearing makeup?"  "your skin looks nice" and its all because of this facewash.  When I first started buying it in 2007 I bough it in Walmart but now I cant find it ANYWHERE so online is where I purchase my product.  Alittle pricey but its more definitely worth it.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pond-s-Fresh-Start-Daily-Exfoliating-Cleanser-6-7-fl-oz-200-ml/dp/B000NT0H56/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pond's Fresh Start Daily Exfoliating Cleanser 6.7 fl oz (200 ml)</a>
my child love it,  It is that we espect, my child love it,
Fabulous Freddy  Well made and looks just like the video character.  My son loves it.
... this for my 22 year old daughter because her favorite childhood book was Lily's Purple Plastic Purse  Bought this for my 22 year old daughter because her favorite childhood book was Lily's Purple Plastic Purse.  Just looking at this plush Lily confirms that even if you have a bad day, tomorrow will be better...
Adorable. Big hit with my niece  Adorable.  Big hit with my niece.
This Little Piggy is Adorable  Very cute, very soft.  Perfect for a fan of Winnie the Pooh and his friends.
We love this toy  This toy has engaged & entertained our toddler (16-18month) in cars, in appointments, in church!!! She LOVES IT, over & over will Buckle & Buckle & Buckle again & again. Still cant open the buckles, doesnt have the finger strength but will wait while we unbuckle them. She matches colors or mix-matches colors!! We love this toy!!
if you love yoshi and stuff or just like mario or like plush stuff then this is for you!
which is fine with me  These are smaller toys, which is fine with me, and very cute. The goggles are a nice rubber material that is bendable.
Very cute plushie
soft and seems to be great for kids to hug on to  Well made little bat, soft and seems to be great for kids to hug on to.
Perfect Elmo for cuddling!  My 19 month old daughter loves Elmo! I was searching for one to replace one she already had because the eye had broken. I didn't want a bunch of bells and whistles, just one for her to cuddle and take along when we go out. He looks just like the sellers photo. I was a bit concerned when i was ordering him because some of the photos people posted didn't look anything like the sellers. Rest assured, he looks like the seller's photo. So cute and very much like the "real" Elmo. His arms and legs are floppy like the actual character and my daughter loves to cuddle him. Very good price and great quality. I may even buy another one just in case he gets lost. Very pleased!
Amazing!  One of the cutest Tsums, I love it.
Super soft jigglypuff!  This jigglypuff plush is so soft and cuddly!  My daughter picked this out from the different jigglypuffs on Amazon and this one is by far the cutest.  I also love the size of this plush it is the perfect size.
5 stars  Great product, better than anticipated! My son LOVES it!
It was good
Great  I love hello kitty beanies. I collect them and this one fits right n with the rest of them. Great purchase
My son loves this toy! Very soft!
A much needed companion in a time of great sorrow.  After losing my girlfriend to a Portal 2 Turret Plush with 11 Different Motion Sensor Activated Speaking Functions - Authorized Licensed Collectible, the Official Valve Portal Weighted Companion Cube Plush has become my life companion. It's is loyal and trustworthy beyond imaging. Just keep it away from Emergency Intelligence Incinerators.
Great Buy  Love, love, love, couldn't ask for a better plush!
Cute gator, well made  Cute and well made gator
Adorable and SO soft!  It's a good size, looks great, and it's very soft! Not sure on the quality/durability as I got it to give to my coworker friend for Christmas and didn't have it in my possession for long. But no complaints!
Super cute! the ears were a little bent weird, but its still great!
cute,Gr.daughter loves it
Super cute!  I purchased this for my almost three year old niece, who has fallen in love with Scrat. This little guy was a perfect gift and she absolutely adores him.
Sooooo adorable ! Perfect ponies!
Perfect in every element of its design.  A treasured plush from a precious story.
Awesome toy!  Love this toy! My little one is OBSESSED with buckles and this toy fits the bill -- can't get enough of it. Slightly younger than the age recommended I think, at 19 months, but the toy works wonderfully.
Grandson goes nowhere without his Mario!
Adorable
and she completely fell in love with it  Bought it for a girl I'm dating, and she completely fell in love with it. Her face lit up and smiled from ear to ear. She later sent me a text saying thank you for the elephant with hearts and sent me another one randomly a few hours saying that it was so soft and adorable with hearts. Highly recommended!!
Pablo is always well loved.
Great size and quality!
Daughter loves it!
Perfect gift for Mickey fans  Got this for my nephew. He absolutely loved it! Soft material and well made too. The earlier reviews said that this was a fake and was not a genuine Disney product. The one that I received had all the genuine tags and the Disney Store patch on the bottom of the left foot.
Lovely Lapras  As an official Pokemon Center Canvas plush, this Lapras is of the highest quality. It is soft, detailed, and well-made with nice stitching. I love the bumps on the shell and the curled-up ears. Very cute and fun; a great purchase!
My girl luvs it a lot
HQ Official Disney Toy!  A Bit  Hight S&H  but, Super Fast............  Searching for any HQ Disney Stuff is a bit Hard My 1st Stop online was Amazon (You can't really go wrong when it comes to Amazon) Found allot of Disney Items @ good Prices! Wanted 2 find a HQ Disney Plush toy for my Niece's B-Day I Think/Hope I found a Winner My only major c/o about this Plush Toy Is the S&h  but, @ the same time it is Shipped UPS (Bought it Sunday Night) Arrived Wed. in the AM The Goofy Plush toy is made with very good Detail, and Quality  Great Toy for any Disney Fan!  9.5/10
we love mynus!!!!!!  ready for a touching story? when my son was 12 months old, we got him a mynus doll at PDX on our way to a cousin's wedding. he reached for it in the gift shop and got snot on it so we paid like 18 bucks for it. luckily, he loved it and played with it a lot.  fast forward 8 months, we took mynus with us to france on a family vacation because my guy had to have him in his crib every night. welllllll, somewhere between amsterdam and portland we lost mynus on the way back and no calls to delta or PDX could get him back to my guy, who was devastated. this mama was SO SAD for her buddy.... until, six months later, mynus showed up on my "recommended for you" portion on amazon, and he was $2. TWO DOLLARS. i bought him instantly and when he arrived in the mail, my son was so happy he could barely even handle it. my guy is now four and still needs his mynus in his bed with him every night.
excelent  people love this character and is really hard to find this with the quality it had, totally recommend to buy it
The cutest thing ever!  My daughter was quite happy with it. Great service thank you!
It is a nice quality toy- just as described- my granddaughter loves it!
Awesome!  Got this for our 6-year-old How To Train Your Dragon addict. She sleeps with it every night. It's very detailed and well constructed.
She liked it!  This was a gift to my granddaughter
Came in perfect condition wrapped in plastic and boxed
Super Kawaii  This tissue cover is too cute! I had to have it for my Sailor Moon collection. It's soft and fluffy and just plain adorable! The cats don't stay up perfectly all the time, but I've found ways to fix in in place. The price was a bit high for this, but worth it if you are a huge Sailor Moon fan like myself.
So worth it...  Soft and cuddly....
Well made and accurate!  Fiance loved it; adorable and not poorly made.
Very cute!
Elmo Plush  Size and softness was a perfect match for my 21mo old grand-daughter. Why the need for more words in these reviews.
good product
The little girl who now owns her, loves her.
All same size! Great deal!  These were a christmas gift. They were just as great as the ones in the store but half the price! They were all the same size compared to some of the reviews.
A winner!  Great little knife!  I needed a small knife for fruit and veggies - this one is perfect.  Easy to hold, cuts through like butter.  I use this a LOT!  Good quality too.
GEORGE PIG IS WONDERFUL STUFFED ANIMAL. THE CARTON IS ADORABLE. MY GRANDSON LOVES IT. I HIGHLY  RECOMMEND IT.
what I was exacty looking for
Great  Great toy for a toddler to take along !
Bought for son.  Slow shipping but otherwise great.  Pretty sturdy considering how cheap it was. You get what you paid for, plus a higher quality than expected. Great for stocking stuffers.  Came too late for my son's birthday, so will be kept for Christmas.
My grandson loves this!
Can you have enough shopkins?  Made my 8 year olds day. She so happy.
Wonderful gift for my granddaughter, she loves Elmo and plays peek a boo with him... Great price too!
I  I gave it to a friend who was in the hospital.
A 11 year old, birders favorite  My son is an avid birder and when I found these that make the authentic sound it was perfect. I got him several for Christmas and he loves them. He is very intelligent knows all about animals and can identify almost any...including birds. However he is still just a little boy so the stuffed animals were perfect not to mention the price and they com with a little tag that includes the website so he can get even more information.
My great-niece will love this
Saw the picture and didn't think much of it. Got it cause my niece loves Ponyo. But when it came in, I was thoroughly impressed by the quality of the plush!
does the job well
PERFECT  Gorgeous, and so cute! I love my umbreon hat so much!
Never have seen one like this before  This little dragon is unique! Never have seen one like this before! I bet my new little grandson will love it!
Fun toy!  I bought this for a trip for my 18 mo old to entertain her on a long plane ride. I got this one and another one for some variety. The buckles, the flaps, and the zippers kept her entertained. I was pleasantly surprised that my 5 year old also loved this, and they took turns playing with each of them. For the iPad generation, she seems to enjoy some real "hands on" toys from time to time.  It's easier for the older child to do the buckles, but she enjoyed "mixing and matching" some of the buckles and coming up with different configurations.
Perfect gift for my 5 year old  These plush dolls are exactly what I expected based on their description.  My five year old son loves the video game and he has been using the dolls to have fun and imaginative play away from the computer screen. He's been quite rough with them and, besides being a bit dirty from outside play, they are holding up well.
Great Product and Great Value
The 'Kid' loves it ...  My Nephew LOVES Elmo and this doll... He is adorable!!! Thanks...
Gorgeous collection of Specialty Paper  I was so happy as I flipped through the pages of this gorgeous paper, highly recommend to others looking vibrant color and good quality paper for all sorts of crating needs!!
Beautiful Plush Toy - Well thought details for younger kids  We saw some other plush from Elmo and other characters, but believe me, this one is the best, by far! Excellent quality, very detailed and overall sense for the kids. It is soft, durable and accurate to Elmo's shape. My daughter loves it and after a few months of (heavy) use (and hugging) it looks new. Don't look further, this one is the perfect gift for all Elmo's lovers and kids in general.
Adorable  My son loves this stuffed Peter Rabbit! Its structured enough to sit on a shelf, yet plush enough to take to bed.
Toddler loved it  Bought this as a gift for my two year old niece and it is a WONDERFUL toy!  Unfortunately, my brother bought her the same exact one so, I had to return it.  However, she really loves it and the return was also very quick and easy.
Love it!
Exactly as described. Very cute.
It us a gift  Came in great condition.  I sent it as a gift for my little nephew.
Good
it is soft and has good quality. a small plush to put on your bed
A wonderful Friend  My daughter is 2.5 yrs old and Elmo is her best friend.  He is the sofest stuffed toy.  She takes him everywhere and he is easy to clean.
Very satisfied  I was very pleased with how quickly it was delivered, and good quality item.  Thank you!
Cute Valentines present  Very cute and came with Star Wars themed conversation hearts!
Cute Gallbladder!  It arrived on time and it is so soft and cute. I love it.
he was well made and my son loved him
soft and very cuddly
my daughter likes the 3 of them  my daughter can't really decide who's her favorite because she likes them all, so why not buy all of them at once!
Quality Product  Quality Product! My son loves it.
Soft
Love!  Super cute and well made. Love!
Lovable Big Spider  This Minecraft Spider arrived in excellent condition despite the box being slightly small for this monstrous spider.  It is made of soft material and is a good size for the price.  Saw this same spider at a retail store for double the price asked for by Spin Master.  I was very happy to land this good price.  My son is just loving this big guy!
Who couldn't love this.  So first off, my boyfriend got this for me for my birthday one year (I know it sounds kind of lame, but I just love Kirby). It's very cute, and soft and it's basically what it looks like in the picture (but better). There are so many totally hideous kirby plushies out there, so I'm glad there is actually a line of them that are so cute (and not mutant looking). I think the only bad thing about this product is the umbrella, which is just kind of weird since the umbrella fabric (the red & white), isn't sturdy. It didn't fall off or anything, it's just not going to to stay up like a normal umbrella would. I am glad they made it out of my realistic fabric though (instead of using the fabric kirby is made of). I'd definitely recommend this product! I plan to buy the others later.
Too cute.
Our family's favorite "puppy"  Super soft. It's been my daughters favorite since she was an infant. Luckily we purchased 2 so we have a backup if needed. Washes well and barking mechanism lasted through frequent machine washing and drying. Now doesn't bark anymore but my 2 yr old daughter still loves him. So cute ;)
Perfect for shark lovers!  It's even bigger than I expected, for this price & my daughter loves it!!
They are a perfect size for her night stand  My daughter loves these.  They are a perfect size for her night stand.
This one he liked. It was what the picture  This one he liked . It was what the picture showed
Perfect for my daughter to loves these girls! They look just as the picture
Perfect for llama llama fans!  My son loves the llama llama book series and loved receiving this for Christmas. The doll looks just like the book and the eyes are made of fabric so no need to worry about plastic pellet eyes. Perfect size for a toddler to carry.
Most of all she loves the fact that she can comb their hair because it like baby doll hair  Bought these for my daughter as a Birthday present and she loves them. Most of all she loves the fact that she can comb their hair because it like baby doll hair.
Perfect size for taking along on car rides  My 15 month old granddaughter absolutely loves this toy. Perfect size for taking along on car rides.
Perfect size for my 3 year old niece  Very cute doll. Perfect size for my 3 year old niece.
This is the best slinky dog ever and SO big and soft  This is the best slinky dog ever and SO big and soft. If your child likes toy story they will love this.
Kiddo loves it!  My 18 month old loves his "Malmo"  Perfect size for a toddler to carry about and hug on.
The Majestic Avian Dragon of Natural Disasters, Yveltal!  I adore both Xerneas and Yveltal! Months ago I purchased the large Pokmon Center Xerneas plush (the Japan Pokemon Center version) and was extremely pleased with him -- and pretty soon, I knew I needed his brother, Yveltal, to complete the X and Y duo. Buying this Yveltal plush was so worth it, and I couldn't be more elated!  This plush toy model of the Legendary Pokmon Yveltal is simply astounding. Pokemon Center products never cease to amaze me with their stellar quality and craftsmanship, and close attention to details. The Yveltal plush is lovely in every way -- super soft and squishy all around, quite large, excellent quality, and very huggable and cuddly. His wingspan is quite wide and the black claw-like digits at the ends of his wings are spongy and soft; you can wrap Yveltal's soft wings around you, and he will give you a hug! Aww. . . He gives great hugs indeed! He is also squishy-soft, lighter and less firm than the more sturdy Xerneas plush, yet still very durable. The red and black material covering most of the Yveltal plush is extremely soft and silky, and the redness is so vivid, like the colour of blazing molten lava from a volcano! He has beautiful, piercing cyan-blue eyes and a stoical look on his majestic pointed draconian face. He has intricate patterns, such as veins of black spread across the front of his red body, and grey diamond shapes spread across his black-coloured back. He bears impressive grey-clawed Y-shaped talons (which are soft and spongy like his wing claws, and will not poke). His long stuffed tail looks just like his wings, and curls and bends easily without damaging the plush. But my absolute favourite feature is the grey ruff-like mane of fur around the Yveltal plushie's neck; it is unique because it is super fluffy and so minky soft! While playing with my dear Yveltal in Pokmon-Amie on my Pokmon Y game, I've always loved to stroke his mane and watch him smile contentedly -- and now, with this supremely realistic plushie, I can actually pet him in real life and feel the sublime softness of his flowing grey mane! It reminds me of a plume of volcanic smoke clouds, billowing around his neck.  I LOVE my Yveltal! He is very welcome in my Pokmon plushie family, along with my dear Xerneas. I ordered my Yveltal plushie directly from the USA Pokemon Center, and he arrived in PERFECT condition with no flaws or defects whatsoever.  Just a side note: Because Yveltal is known as the "Destruction Pokemon", some people mistakenly think Yveltal is scary and brutally destructive -- but that is a misconception! In reality, he is actually a very GOOD Pokmon! He represents the destruction caused by natural disasters, which, although frighteningly powerful, is not remotely evil, but part of the balance of nature that sustains the planet (that is, the continuous cycle of new life and destruction). While the ethereal stag Xerneas represents the life-giving part of nature that brings and sustains new life on the planet, the bird-like dragon Yveltal represents the natural destructive forces in nature, such as volcanic eruptions and hurricanes. Yveltal works hand in hand with his "brother" Xerneas, and these two Pokmon provide a lovely balance in nature, like Yin and Yang. Unfortunately, even Nintendo fails to understand this Pokemon (e.g. the latest pathetic Pokemon cartoon movie says it all, going so far as to make Yveltal look like a villain -- completely ridiculous and wrong!).  But I am happy to know the real truth. If there was no Yveltal, nature in the "Pokmon World" would be unbalanced. He is AWESOME!
Is adorable and came early!
Cute Miroku!  Got this as a Christmas present for a friend because she loves the anime.  Came with a suction cup to allow for the toy to be hung up on a window.
Super cute my daughter loves this stuffed animal.
Great Secret Santa Gift  Got this for a coworker obsessed with the show and she liked it. It might just be me but the actual figure seems a bit longer and skinnier than in the picture. Not that it matters much!
Great!!!  Great great lil angry birds toy!!! She's so cute! My son loves her.
She absolutely loved it!  This was a gift for a child of a needy family. She absolutely loved it!
Son loves it!  Great size.  Not too big, not too small.  My three year old can easily carry it around with him and sleep with his little Elmo.  It isn't too big to bring in the car on a trip, but not too small to really play with and snuggle with at night.  Good size!
Lovely!
Smaller then expected but soft and fluffy!  A little smaller than I had thought, but cute nonetheless. Its very soft and fluffy!
Way cute perfect my daughter loves it
Birthday gift success!  This was exactly what the birthday girl wanted!
great toys  Great little stuffed toys. Came with hook attachment to put on back pack. Expected a whole lot worse but it passed my expectations! Saw the exact same plush dolls at a grocery store for double the price on just one doll!
Perfect Plush Narwhal  It's perfect....just what I hoped for! If your looking for a Narwhal plush, this is definitely the one to order.
Very pleased.   My order arrived on time.  Product met my expectations.  I'm very satisfied with Nuzzles.  Thank you very much!
Great!  My nephew loved this toy! Thank you........... This is his favorite toy... Good good good good good good good good
Exactly as described. Arrived much earlier than indicated.
Great gift.
Cute  Bought this for my two year old.  He loves it.  Sleeps with it every night.  Carries it around with him during the day.  I chose this one over others because the eyes are soft.  Other reviews on other versions said the eyes were hard.  I didn't want that hurting my son when he played with Elmo.  All the soft features make this Elmo perfect for my son.  The hands, bottom and legs are weighed down with filing to give it more substance.  Elmo also sits well by himself.  Side note, but not really a con:  The legs are a little longer than I anticipated and with a shorter torso.  Makes him look disporportionate but my son doesn't mind.
I love this plushie  I love this plushie. I had my gallbladder removed so it amuses me to have this hang around the house. The design of the gallbladder itself has a slight flaw in that the part that connects the "ducts" to the main gallbladder is so thin, that it's started to droop. Actually, the seam burst. But I commend the company and their customer service, as they sent me a replacement for the broken one.
Our family loves little Elliot.  My daughter's name is Elliot and its fun reading books with her name in it and its even spelled the same.  When she got Little Elliot for Eater she was so excited.  This plushie is so soft and looks just like the books!
MY GRANDSON LOVES IT
This was an excellent toy for my 21-year-old grandson  This was an excellent toy for my 21-year-old grandson. He loved it and it helps with manual dexterity. I would highly recommend this toy.
Excellent HDTV Reception for < 15 miles  My first comment is that dealing with Channel Master is SUPER. Every order I have made from them has been shipped within a day of order placement and I have received the items faster than through any other source on line. The 4220 M HDTV antenna is a small (a bit over 2' square) non-directional UHF antenna. The "M" signifies that there is an antenna mount included in the box. The antenna has great UHF sensitivity within 15 miles of the target station towers. I believe it also has some sensitivity in the high VHF range as well, but have not tried to get stations there yet. I have gotten extremely clear HDTV signals that range from 60% - 100% on the signal strength meter on my HDTV for all of the local network HDTV stations (12-13 miles away) and an adequate and stable 40-50% signal from a more distant and weaker PBS station. My only problem has been an intermittent drop out on the ABC channel, but that may be due to using one 6' length of old RG6 cable that I had on hand of questionable quality.  This antenna works very well in my area since almost all the stations are within about 5 degrees of each other and I therefore do not need a rotor. The farther you are from the signal source, the more likely you will need a larger and more directional antenna and also a rotor to aim that directional antenna at the desired station.  Summary: Channel Master is a very high quality on line vendor. Their products are well made and work as advertized. This antenna is a very good HDTV UHF antenna for people who live within 15 miles of the TV towers as long as there are no tall obstructions (Buildings, hills, or other interfering structures). The antenna accomodates at least a 5 - 10 degree span of signal directions well.
He's so adorable!  My son LOVES this little guy and he arrived looking brand new and perfect - thank you!  He is a perfect addition to my son's growing collection :)
Good for little Mario Bros fans.  Perfect for my son.  Cute and well made.
Completed the baby's set of Pooh characters!
My son Loved this! No Complaints here!
Too cute!
Soft and cuddly! My granddaughter loves her Pooh Bear!
Great gift  Bought as a gift for my Niece. She absolutely loves it. It's a little larger than I thought it would be but she certainly did not care.
The Real Deal  Perfect! Finally, an authentic Angel doll for my little girl.
Great Olaf!  My kids love this.  It is almost as tall as my 5 year-old and he takes it every where around the house.
gave as a present to my 6 month old granddaughter  she loves it
Excellent plush!  This plush is cute, accurate, cool, sleek, and very soft.  The wings have a thick foamy material that keeps them upright. You can actually flex it a little bit.  As a Latios fan, I couldn't be more pleased with the build and details on this plush toy.  I wondered this when I bought it, but he does, in fact, have a mouth. He's frowning as he's the more serious of the eon duo, but I thought that was a nice touch and I'm happy they put that on him.
My Son thinks this is awesome! Happy SON = Happy MOM!
So cute!  Really adorable, soft, and well-made. Shipped fast, too!
It's not really all that good. It looks nothing like it does on the picture and it's really small. Plus the little disigns on it are really bad. It looks like someone drew them on with a gray marker. I recommend not getting this baymax plush
The best!!  Perfect size for carrying all together. Looks just like the characters. No weird bulges or flaws. My little girl loves them and pretend plays with them all the time.
Cute, well made, perfect size.  My son who isn't attached to stuffed animals got a kick out of this Dog Man Plush!  He loves the series and this toy.  It's small enough for him to toss around, playing toss while waiting to get tucked in.
My mom wanted a dog sooo bad I bought her this one  My mom wanted a dog sooo bad I bought her this one.  She loved it and 2 weeks later she got a Morkie!
Good quality. Would purchase again  This is a lot bigger than expected! Good quality. Would purchase again.
big fan  My son absolutely loves this toy (and so do I). It sounds just like the doctor who TV show characters and has a variety of sayings and we are big fans!
Very cute, small size but not too small.. I liked the Olaf Plush toy and thought the child I was buying it for would as well. However the toddler that it was given to had mixed reviews though, as he threw it after opening it :) Guess that is the last Olaf I buy for that little man.
It was great quality for the price  Really cute, cuddly stuffed animal! It was great quality for the price. The fabrics feel really nice and the color, pattern, size everything is great. Love it!
and adorable!  Very cute, round, small, and adorable!
Son loves it
adorable, and much cheaper  It's a fake (not authentic from the Pokmon Center), but it was well made, adorable, and much cheaper.  I'm happy with the purchase.  My kids love it!
Small and soft Elmo
No damge during shipping  It came in perfect shape. And there was nothing wrong at all
Love, love  Love, love, LOVE this Bulbasaur. It's SO difficult to find one that doesn't look derpy or have a lumpy bulb. This one is perfect.
my son loves it!!  he is crazy about Barney so I got him this for Christmas, he loves it, he loves to hug it...:)
Perfect for my 3yo daughter..
Grandson loves it!
Perfect Deer Costume  I bought these to wear to a Halloween party. They are made well and completed my look.
Good quality. Great gift.  Nice quality and very cute. Just as pictured. It was a great gift for a little future park ranger. I would buy again.
Thank you
Great purchase!  My son LOVES this doll!
Cute, exactly as pictured and described.  I bought this with the booklet for my granddaughter as an Easter gift.
My son loves these! Thank you!
Very Plush!  Very nice stuffed toy, not at all like the carnival or fair toys.  Also, Squirtle was much larger than I expected.
Great!  Very cute Luna plushie! My daughter was very happy to receive this for her birthday. Very good quality, very happy customer.
My friend's daughter loves it and takes it everywhere.
So cute!!  This is so cute! A very sweet get well present.  I got it for my puppy to play with and she loves it.  I do not recommend letting a pet play with it unattended.
Let the Adventure begin  My son is obsessed with the Legend of Zelda. Always has been. When his birthday was coming up this year I knew I wanted to purchase him a Link action figure. Sadly it does not exist (at a reasonable price that a parent would pay for something that is likely to be played with).  When I found this little guy I thought it might not be well received, but it was welcomed and has been trapsed all over the country side in a backpack and is a constant companion. It is well made and a good likeness of the more cartoony Link of GBA and DS design.  Overall a great toy for a LOZ fan.
... a topper on a diaper cake and it was perfect! It was the cutest elephant I found  I used this as a topper on a diaper cake and it was perfect! It was the cutest elephant I found!
My grandson loves his Akamaru  My Grandson is a huge Naruto fan, and I have been looking for an Akamaru doll for his birthday, as I think he really identifies with the character. He loves to crawl around with him on the floor, and Akamaru seems quite durable. My grandson has ADHD and tried feeding Akamaru some of his amphetamines like on the show, but the dog wouldn't eat them. He's going to try to dissolve them in liquid and inject them to see if he can get Akamaru to transform like he does on the cartoon.  All in all, this is a great toy for all children, even if they don't like the Naruto animated series.  P.S. The tag says its for children 15 and up, but my 3 year old grandson hasn't had any problems with it yet, and I'm not worried, as there are no parts he can break off or choke on.
Awesome plush.  Very cute and well made, its very soft and awesome quality. Girlfriend who is a big fan of the movie loved it.
This Miss Piggy Has So Much Detail!  You would be crazy to pass up the price for The Muppets Most Wanted Exclusive 19 Inch Plush Figure Miss Piggy! This is a very well made Miss Piggy and is so worth every dollar you spend! I love this so much!!! Her green dress is absolutely beautiful. She has so much detail! My niece saw this when I received it and tried to beg me to give it to her but I just couldn't let her have it! This one I have to keep for myself! I would definitely recommend this to any Miss Piggy or Muppets fan child or adult!  **I received a discount on this product for testing and reviewing purposes and this is my honest and unbiased opinion**
Nice for kids.
Princess Peppa Pig??  My two Granddaughters love them.  I still don't get it, but they do and that's what matters.
son loves it so much
This has become my 2 year olds "lovey". He won't go to bed without her.
Cute toy!
Pikachu, I choose you!  My son loves this pikachu. Well assembled, symmetrical. Soft and cuddly (or throwable, whatever works). Fair price.
Great product, fast delivery Will buy again AAA+
cool
My mother loved it, cannot get a better review.
My daughter has so much fun with this toy  My daughter has so much fun with this toy.  I had trouble with the first one I contacted Buckle Toy directly and received great customer service.  The took care of things quickly.  I am a happy customer.
Thank goodness it was good quality  My daughter asked Santa for this. It was hard to find so I was willing to pay the high  for such a small plush animal. Thank goodness it was good quality
Awesome Quality!  I was worried when purchasing, but there were no regrets from this purchase, this Pikachu is adorable, and very well made!
Really cute
Im very happy with this product  Arrived on time. Im very happy with this product!!! It was even better than i expected. Thank you so much!!!
Adorable. Our 2 year old loved it  Adorable.  Our 2 year old loved it.  Only a few phrases.  Simple and easy for 2 year old to operate.  Great purchase.
Cute
Adorable, and very detailed... Great buy.
perfect!
Gems beware, Rouge is back.  Awesome plush of Rouge the bat! As far as I know there's not very many products based off of this character from most sonic games. There's a second plush of her from the Sonic X tv series, but those can cost an arm and a leg! Then there was a sonic x figure of her.. but it costs even more now and days than the plush. While the decal eyes and lips are a downside, the plush it's self captures the spitting image of our favorite sexy bat. This is a must buy for sonic fans, or rouge fans. Get one today before the price sky rockets. I got mine off of Ebay, they're cheaper on there at the moment. Check it out on there before Amazon. Still would have been nicer with embroidered eyes ..
One of my favorite Tsums!
Little Einstiens Doll  This doll is great if your child loves Little Einsteins. Also, we were in Disney world earlier this year and we met June at breakfast in Hollywood Studios. Interestingly enough we did not find any Little Einstein toys in any of the stores on Diseny property. When we got back we found this online. It was the only toy my daughter wanted and we could not get it in Disney! The doll is of good quality and in good shape. She loves her.
Bought it for my boyfriend and he loved it! It's so soft and cute  Bought it for my boyfriend and he loved it! It's so soft and cute, I wanted to keep it :p
was a xmas gift she loved it
Great quality
My girlfriend loves the bells on this adorable plushie!  Super high quality definitely worth getting for any Animal Crossing Fan
Cute little doll/puppet  Great doll with great material. My daughter loves it and has fun with it. Small size doll but great for kids.
awesome snoopy  Very well made , just like the vintage  snoopy looked like ..highly satisfied
My 9yo daughter is obsessed with this thing :-)
These make such a nice baptism gift!
Wonderful gift!  Item and packaging were in perfect condition upon arrival, and it arrived within the time period as promised (right before Christmas!).  Very unique gift - hard to find other than online.  Thanks from a satisfied customer!
My son loves it, very spacious and fits many things inside it.
I love it and will probably buy more at christmas
card stock great patterns. fast service  love for card making
Great for young kids  My son absolutely loved the stuffed dinosaur when he received it for his birthday. For being a "large" dinosaur, the stuffy is perfectly sized for small hands. The only issue we had was there was a small opening on the neck when it arrived. It was on the seam, so we were able to easily sew it closed before he received it.
cute  I bought this for a friends little girl on her birthday because she loves Sailor Moon. She loves it and thats all that matters.
Great  I got this for a little girl who LOVES Lilo & Stitch. She knows all the songs and words to the movie
well made
Great quality!  This little guy is so cute!!  Great quality!
One of the cutest dogs ever  So cute! My 2 yr. old loves it! This makes a great gift for anyone. It can make you smile.
Who doesn't love Bing Bong?
Great quality.  Cute. My son has all the Mario babies. Great quality.
great dog toy  My dog loves this
Elder god of cuteness!!!  Easly the cuteist thing i've even bought. Shipped lighting fast too.
Gift
Sleeping Beauty!  very cute. i bought it for my god daughter for christmas... i know she will love it.
Very funny to play with  A cute gift for my cow loving daughter.  Very funny to play with.
Adorable plush animals!! Purchased 4 of the wiggles and like them very much!!
preteen loved the realistic look  super cuddly gift
Love this plush!  I gotta say this plue is awesome!  I got it for my 4 yr old to cuddle with and plue has  held up to all the abuse that comes with having a toddler dragging him everywhere plus all the cuddle sessions in between.  We are huge fans and this adorable plush is the best!
Sebastian Plushie is the greatest.  The Sebastian Plushie looks exactly like in the picture and was in perfect condition. This plush is absolutely adorable and is well worth the buy.
Pairs Well with "To Love a Mockingbird: How rescuing a baby bird blessed our home" by Naomi Hesterman  I purchased this to complement a gift basket including "To Love a Mockingbird: How rescuing a baby bird blessed our home." It is as cute as I had hoped and it makes an excellent song. I suggest the pairing to anyone looking for a great gift set for someone who would appreciate a heartwarming story and related toy.
Nice product....as described....happy kids....thanks...A+++
She loved it.  Got it for our daughter. She loved it.
Grandpa Pig  Grandsons love the pigs
i love it!! its soo fluffy and i just love it!!!
It was a great gift!
Good Quality  Good Quality
Kids love  Very cute! Kids love her
sweet little Beanie Boos  just adorable for Christmas!
This came in a Good, conditioned  This came in a Good, conditioned, Package. The Raichu Plush is in great quality! One thing I'll mention though is, I hate that it comes in Late in arrival. Though, overall I say get the Raichu Plush! Its a Great conditioned Plush and a Great Order to get and have to Enjoy!!!!!
My child is a huge fan of Yoshi... absolutely loves the stuffed animal (takes it everywhere).
very good
Aww Mr Snuffleupagus!  I  received this  28" Mr Snuffleupagus from  my boyfriend  for Christmas.  I  just love the character  and always  have every since seeing  him on Sesame  Street many year's ago now.  I  was so tickled  with this plush as he looks just like the T.V. Snuffleupagus, down to his long shaggy coat of hair . He is very large and so soft. Although  constructed  with enough  firmness  to allow him to sit up on a shelf or bed without  falling  over .  All seams are stitch detail  work are done well. Eyes and trunk  appear to  be attached  and re-enforced  well. From what I  can observe without removing  stitches.  I  would  highly recommend this  plush to other Snuffleupagus  fans no matter  their ages.  I  would also purchase this Playskool Mr Snuffleupagus  for a gift to a young child with confidence  in years of cuddly  fun.
Fantastic gift  Great product
Channel Catfish  Channel Catfish.  It is as cute as it looks.  I bought it as a costume accessory, but can't seem to get rid of it.  Great product.  Shipped on time and as described.  I will shop with them again.
Love at first site!
Well made and cute!  My daughter is OBSESSED with Wall-E and these basically made her year. They're super cute (especially Wall-E; they did a great job with his eyes!), snuggly soft and made really well. My daughter takes them everywhere, so they've been manhandled and put through the wash numerous times, and they're still good as new.
Radical.
Very cool and great quality.  4 yr old bday gift.  Recommended.
I love it and so do my grandkids
Fantastic  My 22 month old grandson is autistic and we trying to get him to understand his feelings. He is still very young but likes cloud when he is upset.
EXACTLY WHAT EXPECTED  a bit expensive, but I was very satisfied with the product.
Nice plush.
SO ADORABLE!
My 18 month old granddaughter loves it!!
Amazing and it was bigger than I expected. I love it.
Good value, kept infant occupied on plane :)
Grandson loves it.... on time and quality product.
My granddaughter loves this!!
This was a gift for my niece she loves these little things she collects them.
Too cute!  Cute! Love it!
I know he's going to love it. Nice sieze great detail  My son is a huge Sonic fan. This was his latest request adding to his collection. I know he's going to love it. Nice sieze great detail.
Lovely toy  This is a beautifully made toy, made to represent the Rudolph in the classic film. This toy is great quality and small enough to be easily held by a child. It is very cute in appearance. The jingle sound is great for infants and toddlers, but can also be nice for slightly older children because the jingling bells are a sound associated with Santa's sleigh and Christmas. My daughter adores this 'friend'.
This is just to cute my three year old was in heaven with it!!!!!!!!!
Really cute gift  I bought this for my daughter as a birthday gift.  Perfect little gift for any age.  My daughter loves it.
She absolutely loved it! It was the hit of the party  This was a gift for a 1 year old.  She absolutely loved it!  It was the hit of the party.
as expected
Nice but not thrilled  Not sure what I was thinking when I saw that this was only 7 inches. It's nice but I'm angry that I paid what I did for shipping. It is what it is.
Super cute!!  Great quality! Put my friend's baby's birth stats on it using heat transfer vinyl and it turned out so cute! Will definitely be buying some more!
love it
Adorable! Good quality  Adorable! Good quality. I bought all of the caricatures for my daughter and keep them in a basket, she is not good at expressing her feeling so she will go and pick out of the basket which feeling she is experiencing.  We have had them for a few months now and they are holding up great!!
Furby boom  My daughter loves this!
Bought it last Christmas and does work as described.  For everyone who mentioned that the remote control flashes but the toy does not work you are doing it wrong.  You need to wake up the toy by squeezing his left hand and then he will respond. He sings 3-4 lines.  He DOES NOT work on carpeting.
Great toy.
An old digital camera brought back to life using a 128mb memory card.  It was what I wanted for my Kodak camera taking me from 16 pictures with internal memory to 156 pictures with memory  card.
Pink lady  Love it .
Your own personal barracuda, to go...  Why does anyone need a 17" long stuffed barracuda?  Well, because!  I have been a huge fan of fish all my life, and barracuda have always fascinated me, so when I saw this stuffed barracuda on a different web site, I started searching here to see if it existed on Amazon.  Of course it did! And it was priced lower, too. :-)  The rest was just one click away.  Of course, my husband thinks I am a bit insane, but hey, he knew that when we get married 22 years ago!  This barracuda is pretty realistic looking. It has a mouthful of felted teeth, pink gills, proper fins, the correct markings, and it is a well- fed looking beast. It's not a whole lot smaller than the first shark I caught -- in the Long Island Sound -- when I was a  5 -year-old. Anyway, it makes a great neck roll or lumbar pillow - I have used it for both - and it's just fun to look at.
Blue comes Through  Ordered 3 for 3 grandsons. Got 3 love its!
THIS GOOSE IS MAGIC  This goose is magical. Our housekeeper gave it to us as a gift when our daughter was born. She is 6 months old and generally a happy baby, but throws fits like all babies do. No matter how angry she is, this goose always calms her. This will be a go-to gift for me for friends who have babies in the future. I don't know what it is, but she can be in the throes of a tantrum and this goose will have her smiling and kicking her feet by the end.
Adorable!  These dolls are so adorable and cute. Everyone was asking me where I got these from, as a sailor moon fan I am happy with them.  Just missing Mercury and Jupiter. I hope I can find them all later on.
Expensive for a plush, but great quality.  My son was excited especially since these are not found in stores.
Perfect for my baby!  My 9 month old daughter just loves the "sight" of Elmo's! So this is great because she isn't quite in the playing stage so we can have it with around as she gets there!
great bundle  My son had a sonic birthday party these were attached to his gifts from mom and he LOVED them.  They've held up to abuse from my 2 boys and neighborhood boys, no issues over several weeks.  I was worried about the size but they were perfect. Arrived on time and you can't beat the price for the set!
Exactly as Expected  My four year old son loves Paw Patrol and he loves this plush! Just what we expected when we placed the order- very cute!
Thanks!
Adorable!  Much smaller than I thought it would be but it is still very cute.  I am happy with the purchase.
SO SO CUTE!  I love the color of this plush, it is so vivid! The little fin is overwhelmingly cute! My 1 year old god-son can not get enough of Nemo! It's bigger than I imagined and very well made.
Son loves it!  My son loves Baby Luigi, he draws him all the time, tells stories about him, and was obsessed with getting Mario Kart 8 so he could play baby luigi.  We got this as a surprise for him for Christmas, and he went absolutely nuts.  Watching him open it was the highlight of Christmas.  It's cut, bright and durable so far.
Super-cute otter  Adorable and soft
Harry The Doctor Is Soft & So Cuddly  This is absolutely the cutest plush toy! I ordered this for one of my grandsons and I absolutely fell in love with Harry The Doctor! He is the cutest little guy I've seen in a long time. I love his 2 front teeth that protrude out. This is just perfect toy for gifting, I'm sure any baby or child will love him. He is the softest rabbit. His head, ears, hands and feet are so super soft and extremely cuddly. The body part of Harry has a different fabric or texture and not as soft of his head, ears, hands or feet. The lab coat he is wearing has 2 front pockets and can be removed to wash. I would wash the little coat by hand. The stethoscope is painted on, so it is safe for an infant. He does measure approx 16" from ears to feet.  So cute, I would love to purchase Harry in other outfits. It will be my grandson's favorite toy, I'm sure. Harry The Doctor is very well constructed and surface washable. I'm pretty sure he will wipe clean very easily.  I received Harry at a discounted price for my honest and unbiased review. This is totally my opinion and experience with this product. I hope I was of help to you.
It was a gift for my niece and she loved it.
love it Bot is great.  grandchild loves this.....grandchild loves this......grandchild loves this..grandchild loves this. Bot is so cute and cuddly. we love him a lot he is a keeper.
Grandaughter loves it!
Worth It  Analon makes very nice knives.  This is no exception.  The blade nicely finished and keeps an edge.  The handles are very comfortable, especially for a large hand.  I find the knives to be well balanced.  THe plastic, snap on blade cover is a nice touch.  This knife, and Analon knives in general, are a good value.
my grandaughter loves it, its very cute!!!
Cute.
Nice and soft held up good so far
I have purchased several similar plush birds and this is one of my favorites.  It has a lovely song, which is longer than the song of other similar plush birds.
Popples  Brings back 80s memories.  Granddaughter loves it
Fun toy
Love it, as does my granddaughter  Love it, as does my granddaughter.  Her special friend!  I bring Ella when I babysit which my granddaughter really looks forward too!
great buy
Awesome toy, great to hug.  Well received by toddler and baby. Soft, fun and a very nice size. Recommended for small children. A+++ Gift.  Very appropriate for ages 1 - 4
Really cute! He was bigger than I thought he would be. Super soft. I bought this for my youngest daughter (4) and my older daughters (10 & 13) were both trying to claim as their own. Great toy.
Cute
huge plush doll. my 3 year old loves it
Mirror Kirby!!  All of the Kirby Ability plushies are worth it!! They are made very well & very soft, colorful, & cuddly. I reccommend them to EVERYONE!!! :}
Very nicely made and arrived just as promised
Peppa princess  Nieces loved this gift.
I love it. Soft and silky and squishy.
FUNNY
great gift for little ones!
Super seller very fast delivery super quality my son love it I will buy more from you. Thanks
Great and cute Easter basket gift for a child. The rattle is a good addition too.
Happy Customer. Thank You  5*Stars, A+. Happy Customer . Thank You :D
All it says is Psyduck and does nothing else
I love it!  It came just as pictured. I love it!!
Quality toy and SO CUTE!  I have had a plush stuffed tiger ever since I was a boy that I have kept in good condition.  I still sleep with it every night cos it is so cute and since I love felines I love to have them around, in one way or another.   My Nephew likes my tiger and used to ask for it so he could sleep with it when he would come over and one day flat-out asked me if he could have and since I could never say no to my Nephew I thought about it but then I told him that I would buy him one.  I searched and searched here on Amazon for the right tiger but couldn't find one until I came across this little jewel.  He was just cute enough that I knew my Nephew would be tickled pink by him so I immediately ordered it.   When the tiger arrived I couldn't believe what quality construction went into this plush animal.  The materials are first-rate and the fur feels so smooth, like velvet.  My very own tiger isn't as good as this one!  It is a little toy but SOOOOOO cute and my Nephew always carries it around with him when he is at home.  He is happy with his tiger and so am I!
That thing tried to kill me.  Damn thing bit me! bit my stupid finger! had to hire a tiny little plush plumber to flush it out of my plush pipeline system.
The little girl we purchased this for went wild when she received it, thanks
Although he enjoyed playing with it  I got this for my 18 month old for a long car trip.  Although he enjoyed playing with it, some of the buckles were a bit difficult for him and the whale ended up getting thrown a few times in frustration.  That being said, his two year old cousin loved this and didn't find it too difficult (though he would get the straps twisted or woven around each other thus making it impossible to buckle which greatly annoyed him).  Even the four year old cousin got in on the fun trying to figure out what can fit in its mouth (a fidget cube was the ultimate favorite though a small ninja turtle came close).  The quality is fantastic.  It's very soft, the colors are bright, and the stitching is durable enough to stand up to a four year old and two year old having a tug-of-war.  The numbers, colors, and shapes were lost on the older kids; but my son enjoyed them.  He's just starting to learn shapes and colors so it was fun for him to interact with me and point to the red heart with I asked for the blue diamond (cut the kid some slack, he's learning).  All in all a pretty solid toy.  The buckles and zipper may be a bit of an over-reach for 18 months, but the colors, size and squeeze-ability, and shapes all put it in the "church / road trip" bag
Super adorable, my daughter loves it!
awesome  awesome
My 2 year old loves "Buckles" and is getting great at doing the buckles.
and thought it was great.  My son was so surprised to get this in his stocking. He knew immediately what it was, and thought it was great.
Great plush  We picked up several of the Monsters U plushes, all of them were excellent, and Mike is no different.  Great material, nice and soft and squeezable, but solidly built.  Not one of the plushes that will just fall apart.  Stitches are well done.  For any Monsters Inc. or Monsters U fan, this is a must have, and worth every penny.
It's not as big as I hoped for but is very cute and fluffy.
tried and true for baby  my daughters had these in their toy collections..now my 5 month old granddaughter will have hers...the lullaby tones are a pleasant addition...soothing to the ears. Sometimes old school is a good thing.
As nice a stuffed goat as I've ever seen !  Bought this for my almost 8 year old grandson who still loves his stuffies.  It is soft, well made and as cute as can be.  Can't wait to see his face when he opens it !
Great size and looks exactly like in the picture  It arrived way before the delivery date! My son loves it! Great size and looks exactly like in the picture!
Thank you!!  Thank you!!
Great value!  These are great quality and arrived much faster than expected. Thank you!
My child loves it!  It is better than any found in stores. Its bigger and softer and he takes it almost everywhere with him.
Decal looks awesome, and I had absolutely no trouble applying it. Would definitely recommend the company.
accident I bought it for my daughter and she really liked it wait only for kids I am very satisfied with stretchKins
Plush Fun!  The Yo Gabba Gabba set of Plush  friends were really nice and colorful, and my son loves them. The set included Brobee, Muno and Foofa and are well made.
worth it  Soo soft. Came in a small carrying pouch. Very nice. Look like now I have to complete the set. :)
Van Gogh at his grumpiest!  i love this plush figure! i'm a fan of Vincent Van Gogh's paintings and have read his letters to his brother Theo. His story is tragic and sad, but his paintings would not have been the same without his mental illness and possible vision impairment.  this plush toy is wonderful, though. the detachable ear and paintbrush are nice touches.
my nephew loved it
Lots of fun!  2 y/o son loves it!  I wish the giant one was available for all his stuffies I would of ordered that one instead.
The recipient of the gift was very happy and pleased with this item!
Granddaughter absolutely love the dolls.  :)
swirlix!  VERY soft and adorable I love it!!!!
Great Gift  I gave these out to cast members after a recent production of Wizard of Oz, and they were a big hit.
Berry!  My daughter loves Meatballs 2! She loved Berry! This stuffed animal hasn't made Out of her arms since we got it for her! Yay!
very soft and perfect for my boy
Road trip buddy  Best $20 Ive ever spent. Purchased for road trip for my 2 yr old. Kept him busy for hours. He preferred this over puzzles, coloring, snacks, books.
LOVEEE IT  Love it. It it the cutest thing. I used to have this growing up and just bought a Pink hearts Furby as well .. =) This Furby arrived right on time and well packaged. Thank you.
Really cute.  This little dude is a lot bigger than I though he would be.  My friend loved it as a gift and would buy more!
Cute and soft!
very good
Good size and price!  Larger than I expected, my mother has one that is about half the size and I know my students will love these!!
My son loves it!  My husband and I bought this Bullet Bill toy for my son after he started playing Mario Kart on his Wii.  Bullet Bill is his favorite character so we were excited when we saw they sold Bullet Bill plush toys.  Cute product, just the right size for a toddler.
Excellent value and delivered on time
The toy was bigger than I expected and everyone had a blast with them!
It looks exactly like a Maltese and I am sure she will have the same ability of remembering her Molly. Just trying to help an older friend with memory loss.
My nephew Loved it, Takes Daniel to bed everynight
Love this, it makes such a soft pillow
So cute!!! Love it!!!  I am so happy with this unicorn.  I purchased this for my grandson who absolutely loves it. He is 4. Some one complained about the size and it being small. The size was accurately described in the product detail. Pay attention when reading instead of giving the seller a poor rating / review. This is the real deal,not a knock off item. The unicorn is high quality,made well. Details are embroidered (nostrils,eyes) and the horn is nice shiny gold. It is so cute and adorable. I ordered the small size as it is just right for a young child to take anyplace and anywhere without being too big and getting in the way. My grandson has to take his with him at all times he loves it so much. He name it Uni. He has been a huge Despicable Me lover since he saw the movies and had begged for the unicorn. I am super happy with this purchase and would buy this item again from this seller. Transaction was great and shipping was fast.
Looks just like the photo.  Love it!
worth it  I ordered mine through someone else and just received him:) very pleased love him.
SUPER CUTE! really soft and squishy, and 100% will bring a smile to the face!
My son absolutely is in love! Made very well, I love how soft he is 
Perfect for security and cuddles  My 1 yr old absolutely loves her Elmo. It's so soft and cuddly. She sleeps with it at night and carries it around with her everywhere. It's adorable. I bought 2... one for home and one for grandmas (the sitter ).
It was perfect for my needs  This was perfect for 10-year-old girl that I see you at the elementary school.  She loved it, it was cute and fun.  It really made her feel special
Very cool  My son loves these new Minecraft plushies. I prefer the zombie because he's bigger and cuddlier, but the skeleton is also very cool. Nice detail around the ribs and hips. It's definitely a toy any young Minecraft fan would enjoy.
It's Perfect!! https://youtu.be/S3EFjQ4dLzA
This puppet is great.  So excited to be Pam for Halloween! This puppet is great.
Worth the money.  We bought this toy as an attachment for a fruit basket to be delivered for our daughter's 21st birthday, as she has always loved Eeyore.  It is a very soft, cute stuffed animal, and we know she will love it.  Since it will not be an "educational" toy for her, we only gave three stars in that category.
Very well made and absolutely adorable. My daughter loves it  Very well made and absolutely adorable.  My daughter loves it!  The nose is hard plastic which is fine but I'd prefer it be a faux leather material.
Great gun!  I've been installing lots of crown molding with an 18 gauge brad nailer and have been putting off the purchase of a 15 gauge finish nailer, until recently.  I decided to go with the best and bought the Senco FP 41XP.  I am very impressed with the engineering of the gun.  It is well balanced, lightweight, silky smooth and fires reliably without leaving a mark.  I highly recommend the Senco FP 41XP  (too bad I bought my gun before Amazon decided to throw the FP15 gun in with the deal).
Nicely Made Plush  She is adorable!  Very well made!  My son wants ALL the Mario character plushes.  He plays with them all the time.  We also ordered Mario, Luigi, Bowser and the mystery cube with the green tube.  So CUTE!!!
just as imagined.  Even bigger.
My son loves the original ghost busters and love this toy who sings the song.
Love the Domo  I got this Domo doll for my 6 year old son. My 9 year old daughter got herself one while at Epcot but hers is only 5 inches tall. Needless to say, when this one arrived they were both thrilled. It's big, it's plush and my son loves to cuddle with it. My daughter wants one too now. Great buy for $11 including the shipping.
Regalo para mi hija  Producto original de Disney material mu suave y antialergico mi hija duerme con y todo perfecto, el precio estaba bueno al momento de la compra mucho mejor que en las Disney stores
Adorable and good quality, thanks for the quick delivery
Fun toy , for the whole family!  In an era of video games and other "techno-mechanical" products in the markets for kids, this is a simple and nice toy for kids and adults alike to enjoy. I bought this for my nephews who are 3 and 6 respectively and they immensely enjoyed it. You just slingshot the monkey and as it flies through the air, a monkey scream is heard ( annoying (or) funny would depend on the individual), but i enjoyed and more importantly, my nephews enjoyed it even more! Very good laugh value and nice ice breaker toy when your children meet other kids. But even the adults enjoy it too! ( esp. after a few beers it gets funnier :))
great product!  Son loves it, great product!
So cute looks exactly like picture
Beautiful doll, good quality  Gift for almost 5 year old. She loves that it has a soft body and takes it with her wherever she goes & sleeps with it at night. Has held up well so far. looks like it's good quality.
Great Stuffed Animal  Ordered this for a friend's 2 year old for her birthday, and it was a hit!  Size of this stuffed animal is great, and it is very soft.  Highly recommended!
Lovely  Perfect meaningful first year birthday gift!
baby loves it, she likes tags
Pleased with product  Ordered for my daughter for Christmas. It arrived very quickly and in time for Christmas. My daughter was very pleased
8 year old loves him  He is much smaller than Wario, very skinny. He is well made and quite soft. My son way very excited to get him, and I believe he is going to hold up well to years of hard play.
Cute and cuddly!  I bought this for my daughter's 2nd grade project (as the state bird of Texas). It arrived same-day and was a cute prop for her video. Now it doubles as a cuddle toy.
Cute stingray  A perfect size for a little girl who loves sting rays. Will be easy to carry around. Nice color
As Described  As Described
great size and wonderfully made.
much easier than the real thing!  Another sign language toy.  So soft with a lot of different sounds.  A Favorite for kids.  See, touch, feel and snuggle this wonderful fish!
tinkerbell plush doll  I bought this doll for my 3 year old granddaughter. The doll is very soft and has know parts that can come off to be dangerours for her
Super cute. I bought this for my Father-in-law's gift basket for his gallbladder surgery.
Our grand-daughter loves it
I LOVE my sloth  I LOVE my sloth!! It is better than I hoped. It actually looks like it's just hanging out. Super cool.
my daughter love it
GRUMPY PLUSH DOLL  I HESITATED GETTING A STUFFED DOLL FOR MY HUSBAND BUT WE BOTH LOVED IT WHEN IT ARRIVED.  HE STANDS WHERE WE BOTH CAN SEE HIM WHILE WATCHING TV/
Product as expected.
I bought for my 2yr old niece she loves animals. The DVD and cup was such a great bonus! She loves watching the DVD of Harry and often acts them out. All in all this was the perfect gift.
Gift recipient was very happy with it  Arrived promptly.  Gift recipient was very happy with it.
... is a HUGE Dragonvale fan and this was her favorite birthday present  My granddaughter is a HUGE Dragonvale fan and this was her favorite birthday present!!
Quality is very nice and clean  Got this for a friend. Quality is very nice and clean. My friend loves it.
Any child would love this dolly to cuddle with  Very cute doll!! As described. Any child would love this dolly to cuddle with. Well made too.
:)
Peppa pig fun  My 3 year old loves this! So glad I purchased it.
Love them!
quick ship works fine. very  Just as promised, quick ship  works fine. very cute
Good Product  Compares favorably with any of the high speed memory Cards. I took 586 high quality 12 gig pictures on the 1 card while in the National parks in Utah. The quality of the picures was excellent. I did not realize Panasonic made a memory card. Good Product will purchase again.
I bought it for a gift- but would love to keep it because he is so cute  Very soft and vintage look. I bought it for a gift- but would love to keep it because he is so cute!
Granddaughter loves it.
Perfect for the stocking, Santa came through
Great for kids  If you have a lion guard fan, you need this kion.  Perfect size, and lots of fun.
Love it. Wish Suzy's Zoo made more items for the classroom.
adorable
Love this toy, I love the sound it makes cuz it sounds like Chewy.
Nice plush doll  Small. Furry. Cute. Seems well made.
Christmas gift for grandson who loved Elmo at the time  Christmas gift for grandson who loved Elmo at the time.  I would hear this little song play in the middle of the night when he would stay over night with me.  Just enough comfort to get him back to sleep without waking Meme.  Very nice quality and a perfect cuddly size.  Now we have another grandchild coming along who will use it as well.
... daughter has a quirky sense of humor and a love of vanGogh  My adult daughter has a quirky sense of humor and a love of vanGogh. What more could I ask for in a bday gift?
hammer bro.  I love hammer bro one of my favorites. I played Mario bros 3 and loved hammer bro. plush is great.
Fast delivery. My nephew loves it
Enjoyable  This product is very nice, I'm happy with it so that is cheap and good. I like it, thanks for all
Granddaughter loves it.
so cute
If you know any diabetics with a sense of humor...
A wow factor of 10!  My 10 year old Granddaughter's eyes glittered with joy when she opened this little dog on Christmas Eve. Most all of her friends had gotten the reindeer elf pet. She didn't even know there was a St. Bernard dog pet. I'd say this toy was a big huge hit in a little girls eyes. She loved the little book that came with it too.
Papa smurf plush  Great plush. Everything I expected came brand new and quickly after I ordered it . Got it for a Christmas gift and my daughter loves it.
Awesome!  This is the cutest plush ever!  Just looking at the little guy/gal (?) puts a smile on my face, and I'm 57 years old!!  Very soft. Worth the money.  Purchased it for my 10 year old grand son and he loves it.
Clean and new!  Great!  Just as described and well packaged.  Clean and new.
Great Tool  Had to use a gift card to justify spending this kind of money on a pry bar. I bought it toi replace the heavy weight steel pry bar in my tool bucket. Already used it and it work perfectly.
So cute!  So cute!
Perfect birthday gift!  This was the absolute perfect birthday gift for my nephew.  He loves all the Lorax books and he loved the stuffed Lorax the best!
thank you.
Love LOVE LOVE  sleeping with this is so comfortable literally half the size of my king size bed its perfect!!
Love this purple monster....
Cute  I bought this Takaratomy Pokemon Plush doll for my nephew. It is of very good quality and it's very cute. Loving it.
Awesome stuffed chicken  So cute, very soft, and unique.
Happy customer!  My daughter REALLY wanted this doll for Christmas. It arrived on time and in perfect condition! Thank you!
These lil guys are very cute, they were smaller than i expected, but very well made.
Perfect
Daughter loved them!!  My daughter loved all of her Mario toys! Thank you for the prompt service!
Great Quality, Value Price  Quality was great! Shipping didn't take terrible long and the birthday girl loved it!
Birthday Gift for One Year Old Girl  Exceeded my expectations. Such a cute doll, well made, and the white, black and red colored outfit very colorful. Soft to hold and easy for a little girl to carry around.
Cute but small.  This plush is very cute but small. The good news is that it looked just like it did in the picture.  It seemed like it was made well (soft, yet sturdy and not floppy; colors are pleasant and similar to the colors on the product description page; good for hugging, especially for small children). It would be a great gift for any Deerling fan.
Love  cute plushie. Love it
they will like the pigeon  If your child likes the pigeon books, they will like the pigeon!
FAVORITE DOLL  Sooooo cute, know it's gonna be the FAVORITE DOLL that gets brought everywhere.....
Ty
My bestie love Sailor Neptune. She's a water girl.
Miku is awesome!!!!  Miku came in the mail pretty fast and she was MUCH cuter than I expected. She had GREAT quality and she was so soft! Miku-chan is so huggable,but mine wasn't posable. I don't care about that. She is so fun to play with,and her pigtails is squishy and soft lolz. I highly reccomend this product! If you're a Miku hatsune fan you should buy this. She is even sitting with me as I write this review!
great details...a gift  Not easy to find a hammerhead shark that looks this good!
Good for little ones because the baby is attached  Product came quickly and is as pictured. Very soft and cuddly. Good for little ones because the baby is attached...won't get lost or chewed!
My son LOVES this thing.  My mom bought this for my son when he was about 2 months old simply because we have the other "Snugamonkey" items - swing, bouncer, etc. My son is now nearly 11 months old and LOVES this thing. When he was smaller I would rock him and turn it on at nap time. Now that he's older, it stays in his crib and he turns it on himself when he goes down for naps or bedtime. When he wakes up, he usually turns it back on to play for awhile. I've only changed the batteries once so far. It has survived several tosses over the crib rails, too. I'm probably going to buy another one just in case the one he has junks out (It's cheaper at Target right now - $19.99 is their regular price). It's held out great so far, though!  The light stays on for about 5 minutes or so, and the music plays for about 20. It runs through the songs twice.
cute! :D
Krusty the Clown, another favorite of the child's.  Child won't put the toy down, so I have to presume that he loves it.
Love this plush toy  Pikachu is a cutie!  Love this plush toy.
Great Elmo for the price  Daughter loves the abc song
My baby favorite toy
Cute
Love it
... this because I play the game quite often really like the  Ordered this because I play the game quite often really like the game
Perfect for a little girl.  My daughter loves it. Nicely made.
Its so cute.
Adorable and well made  Our Peter Rabbit arrived safely packaged, in his nice little display box. He looks very much like the picture here. Like another review mentioned, his shoes aren't actually leather shoes like in this picture but look like brown fur. I think they're still cute that way. It looks smaller than expected, but it is indeed 11 inches from ears to feet. Just be careful with his whiskers, they kind of poke. Cutest bunny ever.
great for the nursery  I bought the giraffe and the blue elephant for our new nursery along with the alphabet zoo complete sheet set. These stuffed animals are way larger than I thought they would be and I love them. They are super soft and very sweet looking.
Fantastic Collection  My 5 yr old is 100% into Super Mario Brothers and wanted a plush Toad.  When we received all 5 of them he was over the moon.  The quality is good and they are very soft.  One negative is that the vests easily came off of the boy Toads and haven't been on since.
He came as expected :) hes sooo cute
shipping and everything else was fine too.  The Miyoni Sea Otter Plush met my expectations in every way and my 7 year old granddaughter was thrilled with it.  It was soft and cuddly  and Ashley loved it.  It was just the right size for her to carry around (which she did the rest of the day).  Other products similar to this one appeared less plush and not so cute.  Some of the facial features on the other sea otter toys were too primitive, didn't even resemble a sea otter or were just plain grotesque to give a child.  This one was cute and made a big hit with all my grand children that were present at the party.
We love Elmo  I bought this Elmo doll for my daughter's first birthday, and she just loves it. It's the perfect size for a young toddler, and it's super soft! She carries him everywhere, along with all her favorite Elmo books.
High quality  Great doll. My daughter's profesora loves it
This was a gift for a one year old and he loves it. It is small enough for him to carry around.
Fun! Sturdy, safe, durable, cute.
Totally satisfied  Beautiful item. Exceeded expectations. Very high quality, is well made and will last for many years. Is a perfect choice.
All brand new in perfect condition. My baby loved them! They arrived quickly too.
good quality. Keeps my HTTYD obsessed toddler happy  Bigger than expected, good quality. Keeps my HTTYD obsessed toddler happy.
My girls love it.
:)  My daughter loves her unicorn, she take it everywhere and it is what I expected, I'm happy with my purchase.
Fast shipping, comes as described  This came in 2 days! It's a Christmas present for my 4 year old son and I already know he will love it!
Cute and Adorable Dolls  My granddaughter, daughter and I love all the dolls in the collection.  They are so cute and adorable.
Daughter loved it.  arrives on time, as described. Daughter loved it.
durable and fun  Fun. Lasted for years so far!
Best Chewy ever.  Best Chewy ever. Newborn Nephew and his brother and sister LOVE it.
As advertised  These are holiday gifts for my granddaughter, and I can't wait to see her reaction! Both toys are well made and  "squishy"-just the way she likes them.
Very cute addition to my son's bed set.
Quality was very good. My niece was thrilled  Very cute. Quality was very good. My niece was thrilled.
Granddaughter loved it.
Super cute  This giraffe is larger then I expected which was a happy surprise.  The animals legs are just stiff enough to allow it to stand easily on its own, but not hard that it could injure someone if they slept or fell on it.  The material is soft velour and is easily spot cleanable.  I'm glad I bought it for my baby.
Great toy - quick shipmnet
One of the best quality Yoda out there.  It's really soft and doesn't look creepy.
Great buy
Super cute
Worth buying  Bought this for my son who absolutely loves Donald duck. It's smaller in size than the image but we had read about how much it measures in it's description and were aware of how big it would actually be. My son is very happy and takes him to bed every night.
foxy looks just like the pic  we bought this for our son who is fnaf obsessed! and he LOVES it! foxy looks just like the pic, the stuffy is soft and the colors are vibrant. the necklace is a bit on the cheap side the jump ring kept breaking and i had to fix it about 4 times so far in the 2 or 3 weeks we have had the items but the pic is pretty good looking. my son sleeps with the stuffy and takes it pretty much everywhere, and he is 8 lol! its a great purchase, a bit expensive but worth it in the end.
2 for 1 gift  My niece wanted a stuffed bat AND an UglyDoll for Christmas.  I could not go wrong with this choice of her first UglyDoll.
is beautiful
Cute and well-made!  Wish it were bit bigger.  My son loves it.  Well made and cute!!  I would have paid more for a bigger one but this one will do.  And it arrived only 6 days after the purchase.
Great! Perfect Gift!  Brought this as a Birthday gift for my sister and she really loved it, working on getting her the whole set. Great quality plush!
Perfect.  Such a great toy. Very good quality and so adorable. My kid has been tugging it everywhere for 2 years now and Stitch still looks great. I'd give it 10 stars if I could.
Very cute and easy to carry around  Our 2 yr. old grand daughter loves it.  Very cute and easy to carry around.
Great quality too  So cute... in a zombie way! Great quality too!
Excellent just as expected. My son loves it.
Cute
Great stuffed animal  I purchased this for a Dr. Seuss themed baby shower and it was a big hit. He was the perfect size to sit atop a diaper tri-cycle on the gift table. After the shower, the mom told us how much her newborn loved the soft, stuffed animal and how it was the first toy he gazed and interacted with.
Great baby gift!  These are so soft and cuddly! I bought three as baby gifts and heat pressed the name/birth details on the ears. They were a huge hit!
Very well made and adorable
Great Gift!!  My son got this for his girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it!!
GREAT. BOUGHT TO GO WITH THE JINGLE BELLS LLAMA BOOK.
VERY NICE!!  ORIGINAL PRODUCT AND NOT A KNOCKOFF ... VERY NICE!!
great rope and company to do business with
Adorable  Foongus is one of my favorite Pokemon, and I just had to buy a plush of it. The package arrived 5 days before its determined date, and was imperfect condition. Foongus looks great! This is an amazing quality plush, and I'd recommend it to any Pokemon fan! He's made with a soft, (minky-like) material, and is sewn very well (there aren't any loose seams.) The mushroom plume is made very well (normally when I see a Foongus plush, the plume is misshapen and puffy on the underside.)  He's a great addition to my collection, and I'm very happy with him!
Adorable!!  My own little Plue! He's just perfect! The package showed up sooner than expected, and he looks just like the picture shows! He's even posed with his hands up. I am so glad i ordered this.
Granddaughter loved it.
cute
It's Gardevoir...  Pok&eacute;mon Center plushes are always great quality, but making it shiny just made it even better.
This was for my grandson's birthday and it was awesome. He loves it and I do too. Great product.
All good.  We will see what the Christmas recpient has to say.
The ghost noise is so fun!  He loves it!  The ghost noise is so fun!
Great item  Excellent gift!
So cute  I love it,doesn't say a lot tho
Perfect  Showed up quick and was exactly as pictured. He's small but I absolutely love bulbasaur. Excellent quality.
Good quality
Great for Any Kuroshitsuji/Black Butler Fan!  I absolutely am in love with this plush! It came earlier then expected, which was pretty awesome, considering that it was due to come around January. It came wrapped up, so it was virtually flawless, (no stains, nothing out of place, etc.), plus, it's just really cute! It was a bit pricey, but it's worth it, considering the quality of the plush. Definitely recommend to anyone in the market for some really great merchandise! (:
I love this bunny. Its incredibly soft and very light weight.
SWEET  Gund is great and what is not to love about Elmo?
Good price, well made  What we got this for a great price and my daughter loves it. Inside Out characters are a hit here.
Kakashi Hatake, even in plush form, kicks butt.  I bought this for my girlfriend, after I got her into the show. She's a huge fan of Kakashi, so she adores this little guy. When I saw this in person, I was impressed by the detailing on the costume. Every inch of the outfit is stitched with accuracy. Then, I thought to myself, wouldn't it be cool if he had a Sharingan? And sure enough, you can peel back the little bandana and underneath is a Sharingan!  It's an adorable plush doll, and very well done, detail wise. The only issue I had is that the hair is a bit flimsy. It's just one little piece of fabric stitched on, so I'm always careful of it. Other than that, this is a great product, especially if you love Naruto/Kakashi!
Fantastic Mug!  Excellent quality material and paint.  My Mother is a die hard Duke fan and loves this mug.
It's pretty lit
Granddaughter loved it!
Mermaid is perfect for little girls  My daughter loves this mermaid.  She has the larger ones too.  Well made and looks just like the pic.
my daughter loves this! We bought another one for her friend as a birthday gift!
My granddaughter just loved it!! It is cute, happy and a good size.
Adorable! Our grandson will love it  Adorable!  Our grandson will love it!!!
Soft and adorable--the girls loved it.  Truly adorable!!  A little bigger than I thought it would be--a nice surprise.  Super soft and cute.  My 8yo girl loved it!
Perfect size  Our 18 month old love Elmo, but the are typically too big.  This one is the perfect size to be dragged around with him
Our Granddaughter loved it.
Great for my child and his development of his motor skills
Great quality and price  My 16 month old loves Hank. every octopus is now Hank. Great quality and price.
My son loves these adorable little guys  My son loves these adorable little guys. They stick together magnetically on one side so they can separate. Great quality!
Took FOREVER to get here  I ordered this on December 10 and it didn't arrive til today, Feb. 4th. So, that was a ridiculously long wait. The product is pretty cute though although mine differs just slightly from the image and other customer's plushie. The arms on mine are very floppy and not stuffed so the arms just kinda flop to the side rather then look like he's holding them up. Mine also doesn't have a flat bottom insert but instead has what feels like a sack of rocks/pebbles. The sack of pebbles does nothing to keep him standing so he doesn't stand up very well but that wasn't why I bought it so I'm not too bothered by that.
Great toy for my grandaughter
Doll came on time and as advertised! Can't wait to see my daughter's face when she opens this
Perfect!
My daughter loves the hedgehog.
So well made, and very cute!
doll arrived for Christmas  I love the doll, and more importantly my granddaughter loves the doll. After ordering it, the first package I received was not the doll, but I called Amazon, and the lady who helped me did a wonderful job of helping me send back the wrong package and get the correct order. I was very pleased.
great buy  well my son loves Elmo and so I bought him this for his 2nd birthday.  He got super excited and ever since then it has been his first stuffed animal he snuggles with when he lays down to sleep and Elmo is very soft.  This is a great buy for the price, I like sesame street as well because the purchases made go towards new sesame street stuff because they are non profit :)
Granddaughter love it
Great Product, will buy again from seller!!!
cute  cute
Four Stars  Excellent
Very pleased! Soft, silky n comfy :)
Love it  My kids love them , they are adorable
Perfect! My son loves it, thank you!
best buy
But my daughter loved it, and that's enough for me  I bought this for my granddaughter, who has not yet been born. But my daughter loved it, and that's enough for me. I know the baby will enjoy it.
The Bantha is adorable and my little Star Wars fanatic was beyond excited when he got this. The toy seems durable and made well. It is also very soft and cuddly.
awsome!!!
Great price, great addition to the collection.
Very good deal on a large plush Enderman at only $15  This is the one your kid wants. Very good deal on a large plush Enderman at only $15. This is authentic Minecraft product, and comes in official packaging and wrapped in a plastic bag to protect from soiling during packaging/shipping. Very happy with this Item.
Nice Mario Plush.  Nice soft plush and great size too. Good price. Fast shipping.
My 3-year old granddaughter LOVES this!!
Audubon Plush Bird - Common Loon  This was purchased to replace one that my little dachshund had had for over a year. He loves it as much as the original!
Love it  Cute! Good quality. Good size
Love this item  quick service good quantity love it and I know that this will be a great gift for my grandson will purchase again
Calendar is very well constructed - I carry these calendars all year in my bag and they take much abuse.  Always stay together and have never had one fall apart on me.
Rudolph a big hit!!  This was for a 16 month little boy--the middle of January and he is still carrying it around--It is his favorite Go-to toy---Rudolph is so soft and cuddly. Great toy--he can make the music work unassisted.
Great quality
It was as described
Too cute Pete  We love Pete the Cat! My 4 year old son loves this Pete plush, it's accurately described and soft.
Adorable perfect for our Daisy lover
one of olivias favorite Christmas presents<got there just in time! thank you
Great product  Excellent product ! We really loved the product, high quality material, and overall great for kids who love el chavo de el ocho
Very satisfied customer!
perfict
Pawfect!!!!  As many parents of toddlers know Paw Patrol is life right now. This Zuma plush is perfectly detailed and super soft. Also I can not get over how absolutely adorable he is! The color is exactly as pictured and he looks like he just jumped right out the tv!! My little boy loves him so much he sleeps with him, Rubble, and Chase every night!!! I even got another one for my nephew!
Perfect size, detailed. My Five year old Zelda fan loved it!
Love it
Fillmore Rocks!!  Bought this for my two month old grandson, he loves it! Item as described,packaged neatly,arrived in  excellent condition,and speedy delivery!! Great Price as well!! Thank You
Sweet  NICE!!!!!
Love it!  My six year old son is a Mario bros. fanatic! It was a joy to watch his excitement when he unwrapped it. We had been looking for a princess peach plushy for a while. This one was of good quality material. He loved it!
great and fun
Very good!  Very good!
Great plush, just as listed! My friend LOVED it!
Cute for the kids.
I love it!!! Exactly what I wanted.
EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED, MY GRANDSON WON'T GO TO BED WITHOUT HIM.
CRAZY FOR POKEMON!!  LOVE IT!! This is a Christmas gift for my daughter. She is crazy about Pokmon, so I know she will LOVE IT!!!
Amazing toy/pillow.  Our grandson is not a stuffed toy person, until now.  I never would have believed such joy for a little boy as this item has produced.
Paw Patrol lover  This is my son's favorite and we was excited I finally found him one... Perfect size for 3yr old....
Adorable and came earlier than it said it was.
Amazing  Amazing build. I bought this because I am a Pokemon fan. A little hard to figure out instructions but overall great.  Gunnar,12 years old
Great salt!
Cute  We love Chewbacca.  This goes perfectly with all of our other Star Wars plush toys.  Great addition to our collection.
Very soft loved it
All rigth, Time, product, service,
Super soft and realistic  After several camping trips, my toddler son is obsessed with birds and fish.  He sleeps with this fish every night.  It's by far his favorite!
super cute  very cute, made well, my daughter loved it. It is very sturdy, great for our child filled home. She is in love with it
It's adorably ugly:)  I bought this for my little cousin for Christmas. He loves the Alien movies and this was on his list. It is just as described and he was very happy with it.
I was perfect
Great Quality  This product was top quality. I was very happy with it and would recommend it. This product exceeded my expectations and the price was great.
Daughter loves it  Bought as a gift for my teen daughter who is really into Sonic. Cute plushy! Well made, and great for kids over the age of 3.
My kids fell in love with Kirby after stumbling upon the old episodes on YouTube.  Happiest pink little fella around, puts a smile on everyone's face.  His feet are lined on the bottom with a firm material making him easy to stand.
Cute little doll. I gave it as a gift
my little boy loves it
Our kids love pretending to be mario and running through all the levels themselves!
This is perfect. Soft and cuddly  If someone does not want too spend $50 on the talking Elmo. Which is also soo heavy for the child to lift. This is perfect. Soft and cuddly.
Granddaughter Loved It!  This was for my granddaughter's first birthday, and even though she got a whole bunch of presents, this one was definitely her favorite!
w<  He is absolutely adorable, and he took only 3 weeks to arrive! He's made of soft fabric, and is very hug-able! His outfit is very thin, though...so be careful with it. His face is stitched very well. But sadly, this IS the chinese bootleg, but it is still adorable! And worth the price! :D
I thought it would be a perfect Christmas present for my girlfriend  I was browsing a popular deals website and saw this was on sale. I thought it would be a perfect Christmas present for my girlfriend, who is a big fan of 'Boo' and his/his owner's you tube videos. I figured she can put it on her desk, keep it in her car or leave it on a shelf at home (maybe an inside joke, because my current apartment does not allow pets)  This stuffed dog toy is very accurate to the real thing (considering). This is the first GUND toy I have owned, and I am very surprised at the quality of the material -- how soft and plush it is... really amazing. The material is also very easy to clean, given care instructions. The toy itself was smaller and much lighter than I initially expected, but really it turned out to be just the right size and weight. I guess I did not read the product description before ordering. I would agree with the product description, that it is suitable for all ages.  Overall, I think the best/most hilarious part about the toy is its tail. Super fluffy and cute -- my girlfriend and I had a good laugh about it.
EEEEVEEEE  It is cute and fun to cuddle. I would totally buy 20 of these!
Good gift for kids  Great gift for my little nephew... he just loves it.  Just keep it away from the dog :)
Old school  My parents got me this same one in 1986 for Christmas and I stI'll have it. It's soft, flexible and cute. For someone who likes cays but can never have one this is a great stuffed animal to have.
its soo good
This is genius!!!!  This is genus!!  Keeps little one distracted. GREAT FOR PLANE RIDES!
Good quality fast shipping definitely recommend it  Bought this as a birthday gift.. Good quality fast shipping definitely recommend it
This keeps my kids' attention very well.  I should have bought 2... They fight over it!
view about toy  very good product
Love it!!!!  Got the first one and ordered more. Love it. Great little plush. Good quality.
My little man was always beating up his sister with his hard rockets so this was the perfect gift. He zooms it around the house and snuggles up to it at night.
It was cute and it helped finished my baby gift
cute  My daughter asked for this for her birthday. It's cute and she will love it.
Kids love it  My kids love. Great quality.  Thanks
Very cute. Though I expected it to be small, I was still a little surprised by its small size.
Three Stars  My grand daughter loved them
great collectable  When the plush came I was very pleased. It is very well made and for whatever reason the one that I got has a suction cup and it's the most amazing thing ever. I don't know if all of them have it, but my boyfriend and I had a blast sticking it to everything we could. He even attached it to the ceiling fan until it flew off. Ultimately he loved it so much I let him have it. It's a great collectable for any Mario fan. It's also really awesome because it's not something as well known as a Goomba or Koopa.  The photos in the description don't do it justice. It's amazing.
All part of the plan - more or less : )  Exactly what we were hoping for.  Kiddo has an OSO special agent stuffed bear now, loves playing with it.  High quality, would buy again.
this is my granddaughters favorite animal.  She loves it.
Perfect!  Love. Super soft and great size. Looks just like Walter!
adorable, and soft  Cute, adorable, and soft! A lot smaller then expected.
Overall great product, my son loves it so that we had to get another to replace his own worn out previous one!
Oh yah!
Adorable :3  I love it so much! It's so soft and well made. I would recomend this to any Five Nights at Freddy's fan.
Cute minecraft toy  Bought for a gift. He loved it.
Great plush  Very soft, although a little smaller than I imagined.  The saddle is a separate part but it can not fall off unless cut.  Very good purchase.
Squishy and snuggly  Cute little plush toy. Decent size for snuggling. My 2 year old loves it.
Minnie  We purchased this Minnie for my daughters 1 year pictures because I could only find Minnie in the pink dress in stores near me.  She loved the Minnie and it was great quality!
Love it! Very soft and nicer than the plushes sold in stores.
No complaints  Very cute!!! Great quality and shipped timely. My nephew loved him for Christmas and its still holding up! Would recommend.
Cute red panda  Very cute.  They come attached to each other, but easily cut to make into two pieces.
How can this guy be called "ugly"?  This is a fantastic toy for all ages.  Big Toe is soft and squishy with no dangerous parts that could pop off (so he's safe for very young babies to play with).  He's got a great face - those eyes are just so cute.  The fabric is soft and his body is nice and squishy.  I foresee him becoming a good friend of my little guy.  Additionally, toys like this inspire creative play.  I will definitely be buying more Ugly Dolls as playmates for Big Toe in the future.
Love it!  The Blanky is excellent quality and well made.  The blanket part is extremely soft and of a good thickness.  My 5 month old grandson really likes the satin edging for touching and teething.  Excellent companion to the Good Night Moon bedtime story!  I definitely recommend this for other children.
Baaa says the little lamb.  Wanted a little lamb for a baby shower. Small, cute and when you squeeze it, it makes a cute baa sound. The mommy thought it was adorable.
love her!  We ordered this for Christmas and it was a huge hit with my daughter...and even my husband!  Great girl/boy gift! We love her!
Disney Donald Duck Plush Toy -- 18''  My neices loved this toy.  Their favorite Disney Charcers are Donald and Daisy Duck so they love playing with them.
The real deal  Came on time. Is the real thing. Just what i wanted. Love love love love love
Well made Pokemon.  Toy arrived on time and in great condition.  Well made. I am sure my granddaughter will love it.  It is being mailed to her.
very pleased
CUUTE!  Definately cuter than the picture!  Boo is a perfect cuddly gift for anybody familiar with the dog!  Shipping and Receipt was very fast.  Could not be more pleased
Definite fun addition to her book collection.
Best I have been able to find.  My fiance loves Monsters Inc so I ordered this for her, it is by far the best one I have come across. I have seen a lot of different Sulley plushies at Target/Walmart/Etc. but none of them look quite right. This one was great and she loved it so I am happy with it.
My Grandson loved it
Great quality  This plush looks really cute in actual. Quality is great as well.
On time better then expected
I like that they all came together in a set  My 4 year old daughter absolutely loves these ponies! Very cute. I like that they all came together in a set.
Perfect
Soft stuffed animal - good quality  Soft stuffed animal - good quality
Sooooo worth it !!  This toy provides a lot of fun and helps kids motor skills.  I got it for my 18 month old and bought another one !
Great Stitch!  Bought it for my daughter at college, she loves him!  Quality was excellent!
Great Elmo plush  My daughter absolutely loves this! It's soft and cuddly and just the right size for a two year old. She plays with it often and like to watch Elmo's World with it. Great Elmo item!
Kids love it.  "Barry" is part of the family.  I have popped him in the washer in the gentle cycle two dozen times and he still looks new.
Great quality!  Gift for grandson.  He loved it!!
wonderful!!
I'm paying $50 for a pillow what kind of love live trash have I become  I'm paying $50 for a pillow what kind of love live trash have I become... 5 stars, great quality, would recommend.
Quality!  Quality!
Cute simple doll  This doll is simple but very cute.  It has a very soft body with nothing hard or dangerous on it.  My two year old daughter loves it, regularly hugging it and sleeping with it.  This doll is appropriate for a wide range of ages, from newborns up to toddlers, making it a great doll for a newborn to grow older with.  If you are looking for a nice simple doll that is just perfect for a newborn or toddler to hug and love, this is a great choice!
Glaceon Plushie  It came just in time and the doll came in perfect condition and my friend loved it for her Christmas present. Sadly I thought it was bigger but it was okay for its height but it was to my friend's right expectation.
Worth it  My friend loved the order and it go to where it was suppose to go on time, i think any FF fans would like to get a hold of it
Llama Llama  I purchased this stuffed animal for my grandaughter.  She loves the Llama, Llama books.  She's two and pretend reads them everyday.  She and my grandson both enjoy this toy.  She has it sitting beside her as she reads!
Love it, I bought it for my sons 2nd birthday party arrived on time and its a perfect size....
Good price, my child collects these and was very pleased to add this one to her collection
Son loves it
Great you for my daughter.  18 months old.
Very cute
Great gift.  Gift for my 9-y-o. She thought it was the greatest!
Just Love Snoopy!!!
cute cute  Very well made adorable little stuffed animal. My youngest grandson got one of these from a toy store and paid 23.00 and his older brother had to have one so we found this excellent deal on amazon. It was exactly the same as the one from the toy store...
:)
naturally clean  Great soap, nice and frothy even with hard water, rinses clean.  Deodorant bars can be very perfume-y, but I'm sensitive to scent and was worried even about the sage & lemongrass in this bar...but it really is pretty much unscented.  There is a faint soap scent but not even close to being noticeable.  I have been looking for awhile for a good natural unscented soap...many of the bars I found were either hard bricks that didn't lather up well or else melted away fast in the shower.  This soap lathers beautifully and lasts, so now I buy it in bulk and save.
WOO  Good buy for the size! It's the PERFECT size for my 5 year old sister. She sleeps with it every night.
excelente
This toy has already provided hours of enjoyment for my daycare children  This toy has already provided hours of enjoyment for my daycare children.  The toddlers love buckling and the pre-schoolers enjoy helping them unbuckle.  The Buster buckle toy is extremely sturdy and very well made.  Thank you!
Great item  Gift for a grandchild, he loves Pugs and this one is no exception.
Super cute and good quality  I bought this for a baby and they're too young to play with it so far, but Im impressed with the soft softness and overall good quality. If they don't end up playing with it, I won't be upset. Its still very cute and something Im happy I got.
Kids gift  Product was as advertised and the receiver loved it.  Would recommend purchase if you are a fan of angry birds or star wars.
Snuggle buddy  Super cute!  My daughter is in love!
My Students Love These  You can teach more than one subject with Giant Microbes.  I teach history and cholera is a disease that keeps appearing while I teach (not literally).  When we talk about the American frontier, early medicine, or when I explain how disease killed a greater number of soldiers than actual battles, the Giant Microbes Cholera is there to drive home my point and capture the imagination of my students.  Don't fool yourself- these are great for any age, especially middle and high school.  All kids like plush toys, even if the toys are diseases.
The sloth is adorable and it's a well made product  The sloth is adorable and it's a well made product. I bought this as a novelty gift for a friend not for a child. So not sure on how it would hold up under those circumstances.
Great size - very cuddly  Soft and plush - I bought this for my 22 month old for Christmas - she got it from 'Santa' and immediately fell in love with it.  I had seen reviews about this one having soft eyes vs. plastic (which we do have as well), and really wanted her to have something cuddly.  This fit the bill for sure - she tackles Elmo, hugs him, sings, serves him tea - and more.  This was luckily one of those toys that isn't a 5 minutes and then move on to the next - so cute!
my Granddaughter loves it and takes it to be with every night
Love it!
Fluffy but lazy  I love this little guy! He is so fluffy and cute and has a great personality! The only problem is, he is kind of lazy. He just takes naps and eats leaves all day. I mean, I love the guy, but get a job, y'know? And stop smoking so much weed. I think he is machine washable, but good luck getting him to take a bath!
Excellent deal
AWESOME  I bought this as a gift for a friend and she loves it. The quality is great and it is very huggable! LOVE IT!
Excelent  Excellent collection doll Disney's animators collection. perfect for girls from 3 years. I would like to buy the rest of the collection
kids love it.
cutest  Cute, flat Alice doll.  Great for pretend play.  Seems durable.  Wish it were machine washable.  I also recommend the Snow White, Dopey and Grumpy dolls.
Kids loved this
Love it
Fun toy
Great Toys  Bought these for my friends daughter along with the movie. She loves them. I hear she has them every time she watches the movie. Do beware though....they ship from China and take longer to get them.
Nat and Jules Springer Spaniel Tou Adorable!  The Springer Spaniel stuffed puppy is an absolute HIT with my almost 2 year old niece!  She loves carrying it around!
Adorable.  This stuffed animal was the perfect addition to my order, very plush and vibrant I color. Reminds me of Hawaii.
Very sturdy  My son loves Puffles and this one is attached to his school backpack.  It's very sturdy, hasn't been lost yet.
Kids will love this.  Adorable, very soft.
Our kids love these.  Held up to the wash machine a couple times without issue.
Adorable. Bigger than expected.
gift, big hit
Very satisfied  with purchase!  And very  quick delivery
but I would have been happy keeping it myself  Quality. I got it for my rabbit, but I would have been happy keeping it myself. I was looking for something that would be relatively safe with no hard parts. I know he likes it because he grooms it sometimes. Exactly as pictured.
Great toy!  Great quality, very life like, and fun to play with!
my 2 year old loves him!
Domo-kun rocks  I live in Okinawa and I just love this character! I also do karate and I just had to have this little guy. Yes, I realize it is rather childish but it's funny. Quality was excellent and it looks a lot like the TV character. I've taken it everywhere with me and it is had held up well. SIze as stated is accurate and the karate gi won't come off since it has been sewn in areas to keep it attached.
loved it  It was send without being delayed. i love the plush so much ^-^ It was as it was described in the description of the plush. i recomeend the product to anyone who likes collecting anime plushes
Great Bass  I bought this bass plush for my son. He is very knowledgeable about fish, and he says this is a good replica of the large mouth bass. He enjoys playing with it.
he's just so cute
Perfect size!  My nephew loves it!! Perfect size!
These are the cutest things.  My grandchildren will love them.  They come with a metal hook on top, we had to cut it off but that was the only thing we did.
The kirby is very soft and is fun to throw around  My little brother loves kirby so when he received this for christmas he flipped his wig. The kirby is very soft and is fun to throw around.
Perfect representation from the movie  Crazy soft and exactly what I wanted. Perfect representation from the movie.
Another great plush!  I bought this to go with my 12 in Mudkip plushie, and it is adorable!! It's very squishy and soft, and the tail has a little wire in it so you can bend it. It looks exactly like it does in the picture. That also means that the tail ball is a little small and the blue color is lighter than the regular blue they use for Marill on the games and TCG. But, these are but small things and does not interfere with the cuddliness or cuteness of this product. I love it!
It was a gift.
A hit!  Ordered this for Christmas for my granddaughter after we saw the movie Pelican Dreams. She loved it. Old enough to appreciate a documentary on Pelican rescue, yet young enough to love this soft toy friend.
Domo is love, Domo is life. Farting domo makes me laugh everytime.
Perfect arrival and condition!
So0oooo kawaii!!
Great item
Love the Periwinkle color!!  Our "baby girl"  loves it!!!
Woodpecker  The song this woodpecker makes is very consistent with what I hear in our woods. Nice colors and soft material
Super cute!  SOOOOOOO cute! My daughter loved it!
Perfect Plush  This L plush is everything I wanted! It's as adorable as pictured, and the materials seem very sturdy. It would be a great gift for any Death Note or L fan! I would definitely recommend!
Pilchard  My son was very pleased with this product.  He takes it every where.  I have had to place it in the washer (not recomended)and it came out alright.  I only had to reattach the wiskhers.
This Dragon is so much bigger than I thought. My daughter is going to freak out on Christmas as she loves Minecraft and has been wanting this Enderdragon forever. Shipping took way longer than expected, so count on that, but if you can wait its worth it.
Our daughter really liked it a lot.
as advertised
Cute and already up one the wall
Love them so much  they are just sooooo cute!! I put them in my car! Love them so much!
Adorable!  My daughter has decided to collect Ugly Dolls, and Picksey is adorable! She is typical Ugly Doll ugly, which makes her so cute.
My son loves it  Perfect size
CUTE!
our kids love these mario plush dolls  thank you very much. our kids love these mario plush dolls. exactly what we expected.
Well made product  Product as described. Perfect condition. Arrived from far away so allow for additional time. I don't recall ordering these but I suspect that one of my children ordered them without my knowledge. Regardless, they are of good quality.
Great Product
My 22mo old LOVES this toy. I found that he was obsessed with playing with my dog's collar so I hunted for a toy with multiple clips. This whale is great, it will keep him occupied for anywhere from 15-45 minutes at a time. Even in the car, and he hates riding in the car. As soon as he fusses, I just have to unclip all the clips so he can re-clip them again and then he's back at it again. He's had it about 2 weeks, I though he would be tired of it by now, but he still loves it.
Cute!  Cute!
Smells delicious!  Cute for grandkids Easter baskets, smells great! I think they will love it!
Adorable!  I purchased this as part of a baby shower gift for a fellow science teacher. It was so realistic that I couldn't bear to wrap it and used it as the package decoration. She loved it.
Fantastic  Hank couldn't escape to Cleveland if he tried. My son won't let this go.
He's So cute!!  Its Adorable i will totally recommend buying him hes so cute and soft thanks! and it came fast! you should totally buy him!
ladies love these and so do I  I have bought 5 for the office, ladies love these and so do I!
I love it!  Very soft, nice colors. It's everything and more that I expected. I absolutely love it so much. I recommend it.
Awesome granddaughter loves it
Good quality
A great purchase. It was a birthday gift for my nephew and the kid loved it.
Loved it  My niece was thrilled to get this. Thanks for making me the favorite Aunt.
Christmas present
Amazing and cute plush  I love this plush so much and glad to get her cheap cause this plush is so hard to find in stores and online it's expensive.
It's great.  I bought it for my grandson's 2nd birthday. He loves it and sleeps with it every night.
Bowser Jr  Good TOY it was cool. I love this toy
muy buen product.......
We all could use more neurons... but we could really really use more cuddly anthropomorphized representations of neurons...  Neuroscientists tell us that neurons may actually regenerate if lost, but not monster neurons like this one. It's bigger than most children. Clear out a corner of a room for this beast and make sure to include a comfortable and cozy resting device for your new family member. Doctors, at least some of them probably do, highly recommend zafus as cushions for giant plush neurons. Then sit back and watch the synaptic sparks fly. Ok, so no sparks actually fly because it's stuffed, but, unlike many of the highly mechanically deterministic toys on today's market, this one requires imagination. So generate some neuronal energy of your own already and take some inspiration from this ginormous neuron. Be the neuron. Be the neuron.  In times of distress, retreat to your safe neuronal haven and stroke its axon and dendrites lovingly. It won't purr, but you can imagine it purring, which may cause sufficient diversion to take your mind off of whatever problems are distressing your own less stuffed neurons at that moment. It works! Almost guaranteed! You may also expend plenty of brain power explaining it to the scientifically challenged among your friends and family, who may mistake it as an alien spore, a family unfriendly venereal disease or as one of the many expendable Star Wars or Star Trek background characters who nevertheless have toys made in their image despite their nearly subliminal nanoseconds of screen time. You may even have to explain that, no, neurons do not actually have eyes, this is merely an anthropomorphized representation of a neuron meant more for cuddly encounters than for serious scientific research. Though anyone could transform this sack of fun into an educational bonanza and use it to help memorize neuronal parts, such as the Nodes of Ranvier, Neurilemma and Schwann Cells. Warning: locating the Cyton and myelin sheath will once again require some imagination. Everything will be fine. Just breathe. Perhaps the cute but biologically incorrect eyes could serve as double Cytons, similar to Tatooine's double suns? The possibilities are simply endless. You could even try to make a cerebral fashion statement by French braiding the terminal branches of the axon, but that is not recommended.  Everyone needs neurons. More that that, everyone needs cute squeezably soft anthropomorphized representations of neurons. That statement just seems beyond dispute. But don't trust the vicarious and often unreliable fulminations of others. Go and try out a plush neuron for yourself and reap the benefits of a more fulfilling life. Zafu not included.
My son was very happy with it. Thank you.
My daughter loves Santa and this was her favorite Christmas gift
good value, shipped to me so I know, and given as a gift.
Astrid  My daughter loves this doll. She carries it around all day, everywhere we go. She was a bit pricey too, like Hiccup, but again we couldn't find her anywhere else.
niece loved this. soft and huggable
very cute
Nice toy  Nice toy. Delivered as expected. Would purchase again.
Son Loves It  Perfect size for a toddler and love the fact that the eyes are soft, not hard plastic... ended up buying Cookie Monster, too.
Big, soft and well loved  For grandkids and they love it. It's huge, very soft and well made, especially for the price. My kids can use it as a pillow when not pretending it's chomping one another. A great addition to their Plants vs. Zombies plush collection.
cool  If you like Freud or like to make fun of him this needs to be on your shelf.  Its also durable
As described
This is a very good educational toy for motor skills  My granddaughter loves her buckle toy!  This is a very good educational toy for motor skills, learning colors and numbers for toddlers!
Daughter loved it
Awesome Godzilla Plushy!  This guy is pure awesomeness! It's so cute and cuddly, and every Godzilla fan should one of these!
It was gift  My BFFs son was bugging her for unicorn, but the ones we found we very girly. This was perfect. May get one for myself.
My son loves it.  My son loves it.
Great toy for toddlers.
Cute !  Great for hunters in the making :)
my son enjoys this
Super cute~~~  Super cute~~~ Love it sooo much~~~
Great product, my son loves it! The vendor was fantastic!
thank you very much  Thank you so much  my kid loves it,she won't put it done she keeps stuffing  everything in that think lol <3<3
Love it!!
Cute and a better deal than at the comic book shop  Super fast shipping. Love the funko brand. Always have amazing new collectibles.
They arrived in a couple of days ordering them She was happy with both giraffes  my wife watched April the giraffe from the start, so I bought her ,her own mommy and baby giraffe. They arrived in a couple of days ordering them She was happy with both giraffes. She still has them on display
Thank you! Just as it should be. Lovely, fluffly, and full of that Tigger energy :)
Time of delivery  Loved the Peppa family
Cheep Cheep  My child loved it!
Got it as a gift and the recipient loved it!
too cute!!!
I can't wait to see her happy face when she finally get it  My daughter is a huge fan of Toy Story's characters. I bought Trixie as a gift for this Christmas,I can't wait to see her happy face when she finally get it. I recommend this toy.
Great gift  I ordered this as a gift for my sister (she's obsessed with Boo) and she adores it. It's small, soft, and amazingly cute.
love this CatBus!! great quality fabrics and stitching!
Absolutely adorable  My little 3 year old loves her baby dolls and these babies are absolutely adorable.  The gorgeous packaging will make you think it could be expensive.  I have found them at the toy store for about $30, but if you want to avoid heavy holiday traffic buying it online is a plus.
I was very nervous about this purchase but it was Way better than I could have expected got this for my 7 year old son and he loved it!
very good quality, my 5 years old boy love it.
arrived perfectly  We're working on the complete set. These are small plush stuffed animals.
Perfect addition!  Totally as expected! These are the perfect size - not too big and not too small, although in my opinion they look larger in the photos than they do once you receive them. My dad bought a few other Rudolph characters from CVS/Pharmacy several years ago, and this was the perfect Christmas present to add to his mantel collection. We love it!
Nice!  Cute! My son loves it!
The kid loves it.  Takes it everywhere with her.
Great!  Granddaughters love it!!!!
its amazing. It's kirby  Duh, its amazing. It's kirby. :)
Our grandson loves it!!
Good Dino   That's one sturdy Dino right there. My baby's got some chompers and he's still looking suave as the day he arrived.
So soft and cuddly.
Quality and cute
DJ Lance Doll  I bought this doll for my grandsons who live in Malaysia.  They have been playing with this and all the Yo Gabba Gabba character dolls since the summer.  They are their favorite toys and take them everywhere even to bed.
He loves this one!
My great granddaughter loves her Potty Time Elmo!  It helps her Mom alot!
Grandson's Delight  I gave Softy to my grandson as a surprise.  He was absolutely thrilled.  Loved the story of Softy.  Well made and very soft.  Good choice.
the noises are fantastic.  so cute. the noises are fantastic.
Thanks  Thanks my little brother loves it. The size and everything was perfect.
Freaking awesome!!
Best friends for Life  We got this toy for free as part of a promotion from Playskool, and my three year old son loves his new "Let's Imagine Elmo," its like having three new toys in one! The hats are a little difficult for him to place correctly on his own, and due to his excitement over a new toy, or the fact that he's a three year old, the hats tend to stay on about 45 seconds before he takes it off and asks for a new one to replace it. Hopefully, once the initial excitement wears off, he'll be able to slow down and place the hats on himself. Elmo certainly has a lot to say between the three different hat modes (cowboy, captain, and prince,) and the songs he sings even without a hat. I am a little afraid that my son will misplace the hats, so I wish it would've come with something the kids could place the hats into, like a little carrier bag or special hat box. There are lots of little games Elmo plays, like counting and Elmo Says (like simon says.) Elmo is very soft and cuddly, except for his midsection and bottom, which is made of sturdier plastic, but that also makes it heavy enough to sit up on its own. It really is one of the most interactive toys i've seen for kids in my son's age group. We love it!
Ive bought this doll 4 times!  Darling little doll baby! So precious I want to hug her myself!
Kids loved them  Hard to find action figures from this movie, so when I saw these I quickly got them for the grand kids.  Shame there are not others to get. They arrived on time and packaged nice.
Has the cabbage patch smell :) It was a hit for my niece's first birthday, she is the year of the rooster so wanted to get her a rooster doll.
it did not work I want to end it back
Very satisfied, exactly as it was described  Very satisfied,  exactly as it was described.
Super cute!
Love this product  [[ASIN:B002DMJM52 Olay In-Shower Body Lotion, Age Defying with VitaNiacin, 15.2 Ounce (Pack of 3) This is a great product. I have been using it for 7 or 8 years and then earlier this year I was unable to find this product in the store. I went a couple months without it and noticed my skin no longer had that wonderful soft silky feel it had when I used Olay In-Shower Body Lotion. In addition to how great it makes my skin feel it is so easy and quick to use in the shower. You just need a small about after you finish washing, smooth it over your body, rinse and pat dry. I also have tried the other two Olay In-Shower Body Lotion formulas and have enjoyed the same wonderful results. I was so glad when I was able to find this product again.
Great quality for a stuffed animal  Used it for a Halloween costume. Great quality for a stuffed animal.
He loves it  My nephew loves his best friend!
Great toy for an inquisitive 2 year old!
my 3 year old son love his peppa and George and good Quality to
Excellent Product and Service
Nephew adores it. Very soft.
Great gift  Bought it for a friend who expressly requested a tardigrade. She loved it.
Good toys  This is an accidental dog toy. It was a gag gift for my son. When he flung it across the room, the dog went crazy and claimed it as her own. Please use great caution if you use it for your pet as it is NOT a dog toy! When used for children it is just as much fun for them. We have had lots if fun with these silly creatures.
love it a lot  so cute!! it came in a good condition. it has a tag. very happy with it.
He has always enjoyed the Llama Llama books  This toy came sealed in plastic. It was more soft and detailed than it appeared online. It was smaller than I had expected, but probably measures the 13.5 inches. My son recently turned 3 and loves it. He has always enjoyed the Llama Llama books.
thank you
Great plush Domo Kun toy  Domo Kun as a nerd is awesome. He lives in my civic si and I would recommend this for any Domo Kun fan.
Stuffed toy Meerkat  This Meerkat is well made and very realistic. This is a wonderful gift for any fan of Meerkat Manor!
Very good quality, got here on time before we left for our vacation, and my son loves it so much he takes it with him everywhere he goes..
cool
Great Job!  The product was great and exactly what I was looking for.  It was easy to get and didn't take long at all.
good
perfect gift  perfect gift for any child who loves mickey mouse. my brother has not let him out of his sight. this is the perfect size
Toddler loves Barney!  Barney is a classic. He's been delighting children for probably 20 years now, and our toddler grandchild discovered him a few months ago via DVDs and hasn't let up! This cute little plush toy sings (in Barney's voice) "I love you..." and brings a smile to her face every time. Because it delights her so, I will not even begin to criticize his singing here.... The toy is well made and work. Would recommend it for young Barney fans.
Very good product, met all expectations!
It's well made and just the right size.
ADORABLE. SUPER SNUGGLY. PERFECT SIZE FOR OUR ELEPHANT CRAZED 2yr old!  My 2 year old daughter is in love! This elephant is so much cuter than the picture. Snuggly soft, with an adorable little face. She picks out elephants in every book, and was quite bashful when I unwrapped it with her. Winner!!!!
Very nice  Very pretty I bought 2 as gifts for Christmas
our granddaughter loves the wolf
best tinkerbell yet!  My three year old loves this doll and hasn't put her down since Christmas morning. This might as well have been the only gift Santa brought because nothing else mattered after she saw it! The size is substantial and quality seems good. I love that there is no dress to remove or shoes to lose since we always end up with naked, barefoot dolls.  Definitely a great value and purchase.  EDIT: almost two years later and this Tink still looks beautiful. She's been well loved and took a bath or two in the washing machine and always comes out looking good as new. She's still a favorite.
This vulpix is amazing love the details and softness of it  This vulpix is amazing love the details and softness of it!! I will defently buy from this seller again! thank u I'm in love w my vulpix!
Made my daughter very happy.
Cudly set that makes people smile  This is an adorable little set. The bed and dog are perfect together and it makes a great gift. I would order more Trudi stuffed animals based on their designs.
Great doll!  My girls, 2.5 and 4, adore these! Their faces lit up when they unwrapped these for Christmas. They are well made and perfect for a snuggle toy or imaginative play.
My son like it very much
Baby Dora  She is very cute but smaller than I thought she would be. Was a little upset about that but my granddaughter loved her anyway
Adorable!!!!  My daughter loves this little guy!!!!
Wonderful puppet. Arrived quickly.
Cute!  I have one of these and I adore her dearly! Her name is Onrinraninanoonlan and she loves to cuddle! The material is very soft, and the tail has a wire in it you can bend it, It makes a great bed decoration!~
Well worth the wait!  I didn't like having to wait two months for the delivery but what a bargain I got in return. Beautiful and perfect in form and function. While labeled for white wines it is a perfect "all arounder" for use with reds too-not too big or small. It is completely dishwasher proof (not a smudge or discoloration even after some "HEAVY" pots and pans cycles). It is hard to believe these are hand blown from Italy and yet cost so little. Unlike some far more expensive glasses from the vaunted Riedel brand,there are no mold lines to be seen or felt anywhere on the glass. An incredible bargain. Snatch some up before the dollar to euro ratio forces a price increase. If it makes you feel better, you can tell your friends you spent a LOT more. They'll believe you without hesitation!
Great gift.  It was a last minute impulse buy for my niece.  It became her favorite gift.  She didn't put it down all day and carries it with her everywhwere. Her father soon grew tired of her singing with the doll over and over again lol Very happy with my purchase and so is she .
The Plushie is so cute  I would recomend to a chibiusa fan
BOO THE DOG IN REAL LIFE  Great stuffed animal. Looks different from the real Boo the Dog, but still cute
Very cute and well made! Giving this to my daughter who is portraying JoJo in Seussical the Musical! I can't wait.
We love it  Really soft and bright yellow. My son got it today and loves it. Good size for a kid to hold. We like it. However it took little over a month to receive even though it was supposed to be here in 2 weeks so it was way late for xmas. Overall, well worth the 20$
Love him!  The axolotyl is absolutely adorable and I love it and its little friend for my phone!
Good quality, kids love it!
Worth it!  Ordered on 09/18/2015. It arrived on 09/21/2015. This seller deserves 5 stars. The doll had original Pokmon Center tags on it and was shipped out super fast and packaged very nicely. My Munna is super soft and squeeze able! Makes a great addition to any collection or a perfect gift for your kids :)
Very nice  Was an Easter present Grand daughter loved it. My daughter said it was adorable.
cute  cute doll for a little girl.  Good size for 9 to 12 months of age, but saving for the holiday's. Purchased for my Grand daughter who will be one on Christmas. Love Amazon Prime and it's free 2 day shipping!
Huge size
It's super cute!! My lil girl loves it!!
It is perfect. And my 2-year old nephew's favorite pal to take with him everywhere.
Thumbs up  As advertised. Very good experience.
Sturdy and will last at least 5 years outside in harsh weather  I bought this to secure a car inside a carport that is located OUTSIDE. It has lasted over 5 years in harsh weather, sun, drizzle, and it is very sturdy. The build and squarish shape make this safer than a round design as this one is much more difficult to break into with a metal rod or hammer. All in all this is a great option for keeping valuable stuff safer than a common lock.  Size is like a credit card, and width is half an inch.
Quality, soft, and amazing  Amazing quality. Bought for my girlfriend who collects these and I have gotten her at least 100 of these, this is easily one of the best named ones and arrived fast!
Softest plush Ive ever purchased, 200% would buy again, and I will buy another, my girlfriend loves it, and I want another for myself, she won't share ! Lol
Great gift  Very soft and huggable. So cute.
These are perfect for her little hands  I bought her and the Elsa doll for my two-year-old niece on her bday. I was afraid of the Barbie type dolls, too many choking hazards. These are perfect for her little hands. She loves them! They're great.
kids love it
Looks like the picture. Great doll. I'm glad I bought it
... Poppy and I have to say its really a nice plush.  Daughter is 7 and loves Poppy and I have to say its really a nice plush.
Great toy  Although this stingray is smaller then I wanted it to be my son loves playing with it. Its also very beautiful to look at and easy to wash.
Perfect gift! Thank you!
Absolutely amazing!!  Absolutely amazing !!! I ordered this Friday December 4th and it was scheduled to deliver the 11th and I received it December 8th! Extremely fast delivery and it exactly what I pictured it would be !!! I can't wait to see my baby's reaction on christmas !!!
This thing looks just like the picture  So cute! This thing looks just like the picture, my cats loved it! I was worried the hair would get everywhere but that's not the case at all. Great to give as a gift.
so cute  my granddaughter love her glowworm.
Great product at a great price!  Excellent soft stuffed Donald Duck.  Bought as a gift for my friends son and he loved it for his birthday present.  It's a excellent price and it's quality material.  Highly recommended
Cute and small love it  It came in good(: thanks to 8n9
Super soft and cozy
Perfect  Cute and well made.  If you lift the green part it has sewn eyes underneath.
Good stuff.  Cute and kids love it.
Great toy!
I bought this for my nephew and he loved it. It isn't that big bir it has a good size and it is really soft. The color looks great and just like in the movie.
#####  My child loves owls!
He loved it!  Just what I was looking for for my grandson.  He loved it!
Super cute. :)
Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas. She loves it! She cuddles with it instead of me now!
awesome
Met expectations  Nice replacement part for my video camera
My kids loved these.
Cute!  Zuma is the favorite Paw Patrol character of my 5-year old daughter.  She LOVES Paw Patrol, but was disappointed when someone got her a Skye plush pal. . . however, she gave that to her big sister when she got Zuma.  They are both very good quality, and she loves to sleep with it and play with it!
Great product!  It's a little smaller than I thought, but that's not an issue in any way. Other than that it's pretty much the best MLP-plushy you can buy and even though it's a little bit more expensive than similar products, it's totally worth it.
Great  Awesome deal! Very happy little kid!
Perfect!  Made my daughter happy
loved them
Son loves it  My son loves this ugly thing. He is a huge Plants vs Zombies fan. He was so excited to find this Super Brainz. We have bought other zombies and this one is made better than a lot of the others we have purchased in the past. We have others come apart on us, but this one is holding together well. It is a little smaller than most of his other zombies, but he loves the character so much he does not care. I would recommend this to other Plants vs Zombies fans.
Very well made  These things are adorable! My daughter loves them!
A lovely gift
Love it  Really cute stuffed dog
Adorable  Christmas gift for my granddaughter.  She LOVES it!
Excellent, the product came in as expected.
Exactly what was expected.  This is the CUTEST THING YOU EVER SAW! My son LOVES this character. He sleeps with this every night. Very well made. Good size. Came very quickly. Very happy with this purchase.
Watch out, goomba!  What is cute,detailed,soft,and perfect? A goomba plush! You know,the one you'll probably purchase after you read this description! It is very cute and soft. And hwo dosn't love somthing soft and cute? Also one of the most detailed plush ever. Perfect for playing with. If this description dosn't help read the otherd.
Very cute.  Prefect size. Love it.
Great toy  My munchkin loves the music that Cody plays. He is easy to use which doesn't leave my little guy frustrated. Definitely a toy he really likes to play with.
2 yr old can change hats and enjoy Elmo talking  So cute! 2 yr old can change hats and enjoy Elmo talking ! Very educational and interactive.
Nice  Like
Adorable  Bought for my granddaughter for Christmas ( she is 17 months) she absolutely loved! Elmo is soft &  squishy, he laughs, says his ABCs & a few other things. ( He does not repeat after you)
Great Toy!  Great toy! My 16 month grandson has mastered some of the buckles quickly. Keeps him occupied and interested for a long time.
Love this!  I bought this originally as a gag gift...but since I have three pets, dogs, you could only imagine how wide their eyes got when they heard this mooing cow LOL. The look on their faces was priceless! It is very fun to play with and usually my dogs tend to break anything with a sound in them. This has definitely stood up to the test though. Very good product. I would recommend for everybody looking for a fun gift or a good laugh.
LOVE  IT  i got it in the mail yesterday wonderful stitching great quality look just like the picture and is wonderfully adorable  buying it
Made her smile  Made her smile
I love it! Really good quality
My granddaughter loves it!
Loved it!
My son loves it
Just as advertised, Hank from Finding Dory plush tsum tsum.
Worth every penny!!  Love this item! It's my sons favorite lovey!!
great for Mario game fans  This plush was exactly what my son wanted!  Soft, cozy and looks just like the character in the game!
She gonna like this  my daughter loves lilo and stitch. she watches the show daily. this plush would make her feel soooohappy. I want nothing but that for my daughter.
Very funny whimsical toy  Bought this for my dad for his birthday and we had a lot of good laughs.  Very funny animated remote controlled spider, says about 5 things and wiggles across the floor (much quicker on harder surface vs. carpet). It's legs just kind of dangle being stuffed instead of wired, that would be my only critique.
Soft and Cuddly  This Winnie the Pooh is a very nice item, received on time and in good condition. Pooh bear is very soft and great size.
Great add-on for your saw at a super deal of a price  I have been wanting to get these cast iron wings for my saw since the first day I bought it but there have been other priorities so I waited.  Now that I got them, I am sorry that I did not do so much earlier.  The wings are perfectly flat and fit the main saw top very nicely and perfectly level.  They add quite a bit of weight to the saw which is good even for an already great and smooth running saw.  One word of warning to anyone who wants to upgrade to the 52" fence is that the 52" fence kit comes with an extension table that mounts to the saw table itself so you have to remove the wing on the right side.  I bought two wings at the same time as the 52" fence kit and now I have an extra wing hanging around.
Gift was Loved  The child receiving this items was thrilled with it.  The parents commented about it's good quality. The item was large and plush.
incredible deal  Seems really well made, with nice details.  Good, huggable size.  My five year old is happy.  So glad I bought it!
Great protection, long lasting creaminess.  Long lasting creamy lotion. I keep a bottle in the car to protect my hands from the sun, as well as around the house. It is a heavy but not greasy with nice protection. My husband even loves it.
YEAH BUDDY :)  Great quality, arrived on time for Christmas for my very excited teenager.  I'm not saying that kids should use Jersey Shore cast as role models but this is so cute and my daughter loved it.
It is so dang cute! We bought it to give to our grandson when he is born.
prefect great price happy grandboy. makes grandma happy too.  Prefect no problems .. added to the collection of angry bird
and she loved it. Arrived quickly  Bought this for a birthday present, and she loved it.  Arrived quickly.
Awesome
A bit smaller than the original glo worm but my grandson loves it!
size is good, toddler loves  He's So very soft, size is good, toddler loves him
My daughter loves sloths and was thrilled to get this for Christmas!
Great toy!  Great toy! Exactly what I was looking for!
great  it fits very good and matched the rest of my collection and i will recommend to others very quick to deliver liked this product
Adorable  The cutest thing to the max. Small enough to bring anywhere. This is the Link form Hourglass. Very sturdy and well-made.
Best present for a 10 year old boy by far  The kids all want one !!! Best present for a 10 year old boy by far . Shipped realatively fast
my 2 year old loves this toy. Its such a cute looking Llama Llama!
Takes a bit to receive but that was expected. My son loves these!  He plays with them all the time and seem to be decent quality.
Muppet plush  I was thrilled when I found both of the Muppet plush figures at Amazon.  My daughter had seen the new Muppet movie and really wanted Miss Piggy and Kermit.  Unfortunately, the Disney stores sold out quickly and did not receive any additional goods before Christmas.  Amazon saved the day and now my daughter loves the plush figures.  They are really soft and she can sleep with them.
Fun hat!  Looks just like the picture and fits an adult head just fine. I did not find a place where there is an opening to replace the batteries when they die.
adorable  I got this for my nephew for his birthday and he loves it.  It's adorable and as close to how it is described in the book (size, etc).  Incredibly soft.
Granddaughter is happy.
Silly and Adored  My three grandsons love the Rabbids animation series and love these plush characters so much that I had to buy three sets.  They love the sounds they make when tossed into the air and the goofy expressions on their faces.  Perfect for these little boys and I can't imagine little girls wouldn't love them just as much.
My granddaughter loves tags so she was very excited at the prospect to chewing so many of them
It is so soft and fun to snuggle with  My daughter loves this doll! It is so soft and fun to snuggle with, but she also just loves playing with it.
Great Item
Love it, gift for my granddaughter, she sleeps with him! He is very nice!
good product,excellent shipping
Great!  This is what we want! We love it!
Great
My kid loves it  For some reason my 8 yr old son loves these little things.
My daughter LOVES them.
Good buy.  Price was really good. Did not recive the bonus thing but that wasn't what I wanted anyway. Shipping was really fast.
Great product! Exactly as described  Great product!  Exactly as described.
Cute  Kinda smaller than what I expected but thats a my bad for not reading the size
Good book
Burn Easy? Ocean, pool, construction, mudding, long hours sun protection - BUY ME!  I have been using this product since 2004.  A bit more pricey than others But PHENOMENAL protection.  Working outside 12+ hours I would only re-apply after 6-7 hours and thats while sweating, dirt, mud, ocean, etc..  I wouldn't burn at all.  Granted I do usually wear a hat, etc... But theme parks or mudding, or ocean, pool, or construction this is like crack protection for sun.  I also burn VERY easily.  I avoid oceans, and these scenarios with sun for long hours.  But I get asked often to help, and I love kids, and kids love ocean, and parks.  So needless to say this is a must.  I found out about this product by one of the show girls at an concert event.  She gave me a coupon which I utilized buying it for the first time.  12 years later only thing that has changed is the internet and the price of this has DROPPED.  TY Hawaiian Tropic, also there after-burn lotion is awesome too.
Hetalia plush  Very cute and detailed.
my grandson loved them!
Grandchild loved this! Her favorite christmas gift  Grandchild loved this!  Her favorite christmas gift.
So Cute!!!!!!!!!  This review is written by the child who got it.  This plush is SO CUTE!!!!!!! He is so soft and velvety. Apparently, he is super rare and Dratini is a rare Pokemon, what a coincidence :-). He is as big as expected (5 inches). I am so happy with my purchase. if you prop him a certain way, he will sit on your shoulder! Overall, all Pokemon fans should get this! Thanks for reading
Great fun  These Mighty World sets are great fun, and worth every penny of the price paid.  We have since purchased several more "worlds" for our grandchildren.  They have enough components and fascinating little details to keep kids interested and imagining for a very long time.
Surprisingly Reliable  I've owned one of these for the last 6 years and it has continued to be incredibly reliable. My favorite aspect of the mouse is that unlike most ergonomic mice, the shape allows for very intuitive movements. By this I mean that some mice are shaped funny such that when you think you are moving the mouse "up" you are actually moving it "up and to the left."  The mouse also has great default sensitivity.  As far as the physical nature of the mouse, it is very light and yet very durable. I've dropped it many times over the years and it hasn't been until recently that the cursor randomly flies around the screen without me asking for it to. But since this mouse has outlived all of my others for this long, I would definitely recommend it.
Perfect gift for my niece! She will love it! Came exactly as expected.  Update; She sleeps with it and has not let it go since she received this gift. Thank you!
Perfect for the child the likes Harry the Bunny!  Our son LOVES Harry the Bunny so this collection was perfect for him!  He giggles and smiles whenever Harry comes on the screen!  The plush is the perfect size for him (he is 5 months old).  The sippy cup can be changed out to other pictures and of course the DVD has many fun Harry the Bunny moments!
My ma loved it  Perfect christmas gift for fans of the movie. Im going to try to get a different one each year for sure.
Great educational toy!!!  Elmo sings the alphabet and is a wonderful educational toy - I bought 3 and gave them to a local toy drive for orphans
Large Snake, Perfect Gift  My son loved to receive this stuffed animal for his 10th birthday. It's very large, but it's just what he wanted. He walks around with it wrapped around him!
Love these  I bought these as a gift for my brother for Christmas.  He has been wearing them all the time.  I think this is probably in his top 5 gifts that I have given him.
Really great quality  This plush is made in Japan so the quality and the look of the plush was very authentic!!  We are very happy with the product.
kenny is so cute
A child's wish  Arrived in time to be delivered to Amie, a little 1 year old, who is less fortunate.  It was smaller than expected but just right for a 1 year old  to carry around.  Thank you for the early delivery.
Pretty with bright colors
Cute Ted  its cute.
very cuddly  and awesome
was on time, and what I was looking for!
Sanji is Bae, Sanji is Life.  Well made and durable, doesn't look "wonky" at all! ^-^
cute, inexpensive plush toy Westie  - for the price, this cute plush toy did the trick for the person I sent it to - want more realism, be prepared to put out big bucks -
Better than the original Gloworm!!!!  Oddly enough, the original is more expensive.  This new one is definitely better - you can stop the song midstream by pressing the tummy again, and the face glow is LED which should make the batteries last much longer.  Same songs, the long play mode now can play for up to 10 minutes.
FANTASTIC  It met all my expectations and more.  It was for a young boy named  "Woody" after his late grandfather.  There were no loose parts that the baby could chew and get stuck in his mouth.
As described
my girls love it!  so cute! my girls love it!
Fun toy for my son  My son bought this with his chore money. Took about a month to get here, but well worth the wait. He plays with it almost everyday, and still looks like new.
So cute  So cute and great for little hands 
fair skins best  I found this product to be the best for fair skinned people....I was given a sample at a local walmart......But I could not find in any store....But I found it on amazon! Great price as well...
Cute!  This was a gift for a little relative that I don't see very often.  They seemed to have liked it, but don't know how well it has held up.
Grand Won't Let Go  Purchased this one along with Big Bird for my grandson 1st. Looks like Cookie Monster seems to be his favorite, as he seems to drag his buddy by the hand every he goes. So far no complains of funny smells, eyes popping off, and the fuzz seems to be staying put!
I love these elephants  I love these elephants.  They were almost as big as my preemie boys.  I am sure when they are able to hold them they will love them also.
perfect size, great price  Was for a toy drive, perfect size, great price, was exactly what I expected when it arrived.
Cute Toy That Keeps Baby Entertained!  We love this super soft cute toy at my house.  It's stuffed hippo that bounces and moves while giggling.  The giggles are so cute, and let's be honest for a second, it's not annoying.  Which is perfect, because now my daughter wants to bring it in the car, to the store, and pretty much everywhere.  The Jiggypotamus has been a big hit in our house.  It's portable, does not take up a lot of space, and is easy for my baby to use on her own.  Win win! We received this as a sample to review, but the opinions are our own.
Nice product  Nice product long shipping time
Beautiful stuffy! Very nice plush.
Great quality and very accurate to the character.
Super soft and my daughter LOVES it!
Excellent totoro  The toy is very well designed, it is very good quality, the size is good and looks great. For me excellent toy.
Egg-Spitting Female/Male?  I don't know why or how one of these reviewers got so bitter and decided to write some weird, UNTRUE review about this toy. When I received this toy, it came in very good condition in a plastic bag, and it's very soft to touch, just like a lot of San-ei toys. It doesn't feel flimsy, rough, lifeless, or otherwise cheap. The toy is very lively and colorful, not to mention, quite accurate, except the toy does not have a ring (Birdo wears a ring).  There's another great, soft, colorful Birdo toy out there, but this one is officially San-ei. And also, this one pairs well with Yoshi, the unconfirmed couple. This plush is definitely going to stay with its other Mario character friends for a long time.  Don't trust the one-star reviewer. If you love Birdo or if you're looking for another great addition to your Mario collection (or both!), this toy is a must-have.
Granddaughter loves it!  Very cute and cuddly toy. My almost five year old granddaughter loves it. She is going to be Alice in Wonderland for Halloween. I purchased this for her to carry as an accessory to her costume. I love how easy Amazon makes the process of buying... Just one click of a button and it arrives on my doorstep a few days later.
Great item.it met my expectations Arrived on time in good condition.
My daughter loved it. It was exactly what she expected.
Happy niece - great toy - fast delivery!  Tiki is now my nieces favourite toy :) Very fast delivery
Perfect condition!  <div id="video-block-R2JP1M7P1HWJO4" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B14HGde5zTS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71pnsehF3BS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Epic! BUY NOW!!!! Great for plush videos!
Toothless Rocks it... Dragon-style  My kids have a renewed love of How to Train your Dragon-- and they both got toothless dolls.  I made collars so they could tell them apart.
Very helpful in helping the babies learn
My favorite pokemon. This plush is perfect!!!!
Our 5 year old granddaughter loves this toy  Our 5 year old granddaughter has had hours and hours of fun with this toy. The soft kitty house has windows and a back door so she can take them in and out. The kittens are soft and fun to pretend and play with on their own. Our granddaughter has many stuffed kittens and loves this new addition to her other toys. She actually fit 13 stuffed kittens in the house and is enjoying it very much.
Good product  No complaints. The kids loved it. They love that it makes sound, as well as flies. You may have to show the younger kids how to do their fingers but it isn't too difficult for a child.
Perfect gift  Exactly what my grandsons were hoping for.
great product. Thank you  This is exactly as it's described. Fast shipping, great product. Thank you.
Great gift for a 1 year old!  Makes the perfect gift for a 1 year old!
My kid LOVES this thing!  My 9 year-old son is SO into Minecraft. He pretty much has all the stuffed animals. This ghast is pretty big! It' super soft and very good quality!
As expected.
great  Real authentic Sanei, great quality
Awesome  Totally awesome Mario guys! Thankfully this isn't a fake from China like my other Mario plushies. I really recommend this product to anyone really! Also very vibrant colors
Nice quality for price  Nice quality for price.
Just what I expected it to look like loved it  Just what I expected it to look like loved it. Now I have the Swords art online looks good with the rest:)
My daughter absolutely loved this when I gave it to her for Christmas and included the How to Train your Dragon 2 movie!  She takes it practically everywhere we go!
Nice plush for fans  This is a very nice plush. I bought this because my girlfriend is a fan of the anime but I found myself appreciating this guy more than I thought I would.
the plush is perfect. no bulls***, no low quality. its cute and firm.
Love this TSUM TSUM!  My grandson loves this little guy!!! Thank you for helping us send smiles across the miles!
Finding Dory Plush Cuteness  Worth it as a gift or just for yourself! I am an ole lady who loves stuffed animals and had to have this in my collection
<div id="video-block-R1HWGLMCY76KM7" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91XHom75LWS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81Jx3rUGCiS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Goods Plushies Recommend
My Grandsons fav Toy  He Loves Elmo, so this is the perfect toy for him.  He sleeps with him everynight. Thank you very much
love it
small but cute
detachable with velcro it's awesome!!  Adoooorableeee!!!! XD his ear comes off too, detachable with velcro it's awesome!!!
Love it!  Arrived very quick and is very soft! Love it!
Exactly what i asked for great purchase
on bed
My son loves Pokemon.
My Grandson loves this!!
Hard to find but a treasure once you do.
My son love it..will buy again
Very soft!
Adorable  Super well made. Soft and plush. Even washes great in the washing machine! A must have for a little Mario Fan! :)
Kawaii!!!!!!~ ^w^  Iggy brows is adorable, and I'm sure that if you give one of these to any fellow Hetalian they would love it! HIs hair is amazing, and not off color. Not to mention, it's also very soft! His face is also perfect, and that expression on it is worth fangirling over! He's an awesome cuddle buddy, and I bring him everywhere! Around the house, to school, E-V-E-R-Y-W-H-E-R-E! If you are a Hetalia fan, you should definitely get yourself one of these! You'd be happy with the results! ^w^
He is super soft and his ears stay up nicely.
The quality is perfect  I completely satisfied with this item. My daughter loves it so much. Everything is as described. It is better than I expected. The quality is very good. Thanks seller
My 6 year old Nephew was totally pleased with these two.  He just loves them.
Pleased with the item  The item came as pictured, came quickly, and was packaged well. Pleased with the purchase.
Works for us!  Cute! Hard to find the extinct Barney for my baby who loves netflix Barney. Pretty sure it was made after I ordered it and it was probably sent from a far away country. So it took quite some time to arrive, but my little one was happy to have it.
I got them for my preteen daughter who loved them. They are soft  These were so cute! I got them for my preteen daughter who loved them. They are soft, very plush and constructed very well. The come on a short clip which she used to clip them to her back pack.  I received this product at a reduced rate in exchange for an honest review.
I love it!  High quality.  I love it!
i love five nights at freddy
Daughter loves it
My daughter loves it
Great buy! My girlfriend loved it!
Great Alien costume  I was looking for a funny pregnancy halloween costume, and this was perfect.  Just wrapped it around my body, and had it bursting through the front of a white T-shirt, and I was straight out of the movies!  Best part was being able to wear a T-shirt and pants (easy bathroom costume for a pregnant lady), and got so many laughs!!  Stuffed animal has wiring in it that will hold it in place for you.
Jiggy  Good quality and super cute!
I'm Groo
Ended up ginving as a gift which was well received.
My daugther loved it! Looked exactly like the photo.
Celebrate the purple eater  Best toy I have ever heard and looks good too
Great Product  I would not normally have purchased this product but the seller I purchased it from was selling it for a very good price. The product came in a shrink wrap bag and was new and clean. The material is high quality and great for kids 5+ and Mario memorabilia collectors of all ages. This is the authentic, American version of the plush and has the authentic Nintendo Seal on the tag. Buy this for the right price as often times sellers charge too much!
Beautiful  my daughter loves
Great quality great price  Exactly like pictured, no flaws amazing plus.
My niece loved it
My daughter loves it. It's really well built stuffed toy.
Great quality!
Son loves it...  My son received as a present and loves it...
One loves stuffed animals  The foxes were cute.  They were a birthday gift for my grand niece, who loves stuffed toys.
I love it!!! It was so awesome!!!
it is exactly what it looks like  My 5yr old is a huge super mario fan and he was very pleased with this toy. It is a stuffed animal (plush) and he loves that too, so if this is what you are looking for than i would recommend it!!
Enchanting toy  Your preschool child will be enchanted by this adorable Elmo toy. Click a different hat on, and he changes modes/sayings. Press his tummy while he is wearing his crown, and "Prince Elmo" tells the child to tickle his tummy. Put his cowboy hat on, and count along with Elmo.  A couple cons:  - Elmo isn't cuddly; i.e., your child probably won't nap with Elmo. His belly is stiff and not soft-bodied, and your child accidentally pressing his tummy sleeping might wake your child up. - The hats aren't easy for little hands to click on and off into place. You may have to assist with this. - The toy comes with 4 "demo" (that's what the box says right on the front) AA batteries that don't last very long. So, like so many toys, it is a battery hog and you'll need to provide 4 AA batteries, perhaps more often than you would like.  Overall, a very cute toy that will probably make you a hit with any child you give it to.
++++++++  Absolutely precious!
Grandson loves it!
My grandson loved it!
Beautiful Buckbeak Plush  The picture does not due this any justice it is absolutely gorgeous in person.  Its so soft and came with a cute recipe for butter bear and a courtesy thank you note from Slytherin!  Worth the buy!
Little Ugly Ninja Batty Shogun  I love ALL of the UglyDoll products. They are so cute and creative! This particular uglydoll is only 6 inches in length (quite small in comparison with the regular sizes of 12 inches). Definitely worth the buy (for kids of all ages)!  I received this Ugly Doll as a present from my family and I LOVE it! I love every one of their products and I am NEVER disappointed in the quality or the uniqueness of it. I love the color and the size. I have bought Ugly Doll products for several of my friends. They all love it! Well worth the price! I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!  The material feels like fleece - very soft. The pieces for the eyes and teeth feel like a regular cotton fabric. Note: The tags say hand washing or something similar but they are VERY durable. Just throw them on the top of whatever your washing and then throw it in the dryer.  Conclusion: A great gift for all ages. The "stuffed animal" is soft and durable. A perfect gift for those who love quirkym unique items. I have never had a problem
My daughter loves this toy  This bear has captured my daughters heart. All I can say for certain is that it doesn't make inanely annoying noises like so many other children's toys. Batteries last a long time and it appears to be made of fairly high quality materials.
It is so cute and soft.
Totally adorable! Just as, if not, more so than the pictures. Perfect for any Rosalina fan.
Now one year in (this was a 2014 Christmas gift for my daughter).  She sleeps with it NIGHTLY - and no tears, rips, or other issues. Very well put together item.
Nice just what my nephew wanted...shipping was fast :)
awesome  Niece loved this doll. was bigger than expected so she sleeps with him.
Love it
My niece loved this for her birthday  My niece loved this for her birthday. We are huge Zelda fans, so she had a lot of fun playing with this silly character.
Just to darn cute.  Love it!  It will make a perfect addition to the baby shower gift I'm giving.  I don't have anything negative to say about it.
Wonderful toy! I like this barney and most importantly my nephew loves it!
The 14 month old grandson loves it!
Super soft! Pretty well done.
well made  So cute. Great for creative play. I love to make up stories for my grandbaby and use the little puppets.
1 of two favorite stuffed animals! We love Elmo. Arrived on time
The most perfect dragon on Earth  The most perfect dragon on Earth.  Now named Draco, he prowls my house day and night.  My daughter was beyond thrilled to add him to her collection of Mine Craft critters.  The amount of time between ordering and receiving was very short.
Soft and cuddly  My daughter loved this guy.  Very soft and cuddly.  There are velcro strips on his hands.
My parties in the past always seemed to be lacking something but now that I have my own personal K.K. DJ my friends are always saying how amazing my parties have been & that I always have the best music.
Get buy, prompt service, packaged well.  Would order again.  I am old and I bought one for my granddaughter and one for me.  I love this little guy.
Love it.
Bought one, now have six  Trust me, NOT WASHER FRIENDLY! You will thank me later!!!
My grandson loved it
cute
The CUTEST thing ever.  I bought this Flygon plush recently and I'm so in love with it. I do see why people say the neck is thin but I see no problem with that. 10/10 do recommend, it's adorable.
The grandson loved  Cute.. The grandson loved it
my little one loves it
Awesome addition to my gibli collection!
Great Stocking Stuffer  I bought this for my husband's stocking & he loved it. He & my 3 year old son play with it everywhere they go. I read in other reviews that the battery was dead on arrival & thought I had the same problem when I first received it, but my husband saw a tiny tag near the monkey's neck, once pulled off the monkey made the screaming sound when flung. I will definitely purchase more of these next year. Great for kids & adults. Although only adults will be able to sling it.
He's super cute and soft!
that she looks really really really good! Its good quality and its beautiful  I bought my Madoka plush somewhere else, and I'm just here to say, that she looks really really really good! Its good quality and its beautiful, the picture may make her look weird but she actually looks really good when you see it for real. Hope this helps <3
Groovy  Groovy
Cute...But Tiny!  Very Adorable,Well Made,And Awesome!,But A DownSide Is How Tiny It Is!!! If I'm Gonna Pay 20 Dollars To Buy And Ship Something,It Should Be Bigger,(I Know It Said It Was Short But I Was Desperate)
Got it for my niece who lives in University of Oregon town (Eugene) yet is going to school at Oregon State University. Cross a duck with a beaver and you get a confused platypus
Cute minecraft toy.  it was a gift for my grandson. He loved it.
My son loves his new plush Skellington!! Was exactly what he was hoping for.
Isabelle  I received this plush as a gift for my B-day, and I love it! (I actually think she's a lot cuter than she is in the game itself!) She is made out if a very soft, fine material, with embroidered eyes and mouth. Her clothes are made out if a thin (cheap-ish) fabric, and has details (like buttons) printed on (they yield a 2D look). The darker-green plaid design on her vest (in the game), is not present on this plush. I think my favorite part of this plush is the bells in her hair! It makes me so happy when they jingle!  Pros and cons weighted, I still believe this plush deserves 5 stars. :D
This is a great Peach plush. Seriously.
This is a good buy - now I want one and I'm an adult  Bought this as a baby gift. When it came, i wanted to keep it! so adorable, soft and plush. Surprised at the great quality for the money.
My son loves it
It is really nice and cute!  This Victini plush is cute, soft, and a nice size. Two problems with mine were that one of his arms are upside-down. I don't know if this was purposely done. The other was that Victini has a tuft of hair on the back of his head, just beneath his ears. This one's tuft with in between his wings/tails. Overall, this plush is very nice, I like it a lot! Victini is my favorite Pokemon, It's unique and really cute ^_^
Great quality plush  It sure is an Eevee!
Great for the price!  These are sooooo pretty and the authentic sounds are so neato. Going to start a collection for both my kids.
Thanks!  My great niece was pleased with her gift!
Great knife
Rocky rules!  For my granddaughter's 3rd birthday. Her favorite character. She loves it!
So Cute  I love this plush! I just adore it! Everyday, I wake up for work I see him sitting on my desk, smiling. He is just the cutest little thing ever! Love him!
Loved it
super cute doll!
Happy with purchase  Got in a timely manner and it was just what he wanted.
Excellent quality, nearly official merch  Excellent! The tag says it is made by OLYFACTORY and has nothing about it being Pokemon merchandise. That being said, there isn't any normal form Garchomp in official merch that I'm aware of, and this guy is gorgeous! He can stand by balancing on his tail, his feet-claws are stuffed while all other claws/teeth details are single pieces of felt. It might have been nicer if the arm-claws had been stuffed like the feet-claws, and if the head-horns were stuffed more as they can kind of flop around with very little stuffing. None of those details deter me from loving this product though. It's a good price, it's a tall plush, his eyes are embroidered and so are his shark gills. His color is beautiful and he is soft, just like the picture. And it came in 2 days shipping time! Thank you!
Adorable  Adorable
Very beautiful set. Very pleased with the quality  Very beautiful set.  Very pleased with the quality.  My son will love it for his birthday
Jigglypuff Pouch! :)  I got this pouch to hold my iPod nano and headphones, and it's great! It's the perfect size to hold both. The pouch has a sort of folding closure, no zipper, as it was intended to hold tissues, but it still holds my items securely and makes for easy access. Also, this pouch is adorable! It features a 3-D plush Jigglypuff and has "Purin" written above it, which means "Jigglypuff" in Japanese. Fair price, useful, and cute - worthwhile purchase.
Baby prefers  Did not see before, thought it would sing, but fortunately the baby is still relatively love it, probably because it is red
Lovable buddy  My granddaughter fell in love with another Ugly Doll, but Chuckanucka was a close second.  I got her both of them, so she could play with a visiting friend.  In practice, her six year old brother also plays with her, with Chuckanucka being "his".  I love that these ugly little guys are so lovable!  What a great message that is, compared with the oh-so-perfect-looking typical dolls. And not too 'girly' for boys to enjoy, too.  Actually, they're so appealing you'll probably find yourself squeezing these guys yourself.
Exactly as described. My son loves it.
Perfect! Set Complete  Perfect! Bought the collection at a Disney Store... I was only missing this one... Loved it, set complete!
My son loves it!
My daughter love this doll
He was a five star
real deal  soooo cute my son loves him and hes well made totally official
A beautiful toy, very well made. Soft and detailed
Size is Perfect for a 1 year old  Perfect for a 1 year old - soft - small enough to carry around easily - bright and its ELMO!!!
Adorable  Adorable and loved!!
Great for gifts.
Daughter loved it  Just like the one in stores. My daughter loved it! Came much earlier then the shipping date said.
Great for toddler bedtime doll!
Well worth it  Love this guy! Isn't a huge plush but came in perfect condition with little to know defects. Has held up tremendously since I've bought it though it hasn't been put through anything rigorous. Absolutely happy with my purchase, especially at this price.
Nice zombie for the price  Nice zombie for the price. One arm is wider than the other, but not enough to make a difference. For a minecraft obsessed kid, it's still a great stuffed animal.
Stands Up To Wear And Tear  Bought this as a gift for my 7-month old niece.  This one survived longer than any other.  Pros: -Doesn't shed like other plush dolls -Doesn't tear easily -Every part is soft  Cons: -Not machine washable (but hand washable)
Bought for my 13 month old nephew who is OBSESSED with buckles. He absolutely loves it and doesn't want to put it down. I should have read the details first because it's a lot smaller than expected.
My grandson loves this plushie the most of the thirteen he has (next to Mario and Luigi)
She loved her Fennekin  My 5 year old loves playing Pokemon with her dad and watching the tv show. She loved her Fennekin!
great granddaughter loves it
Love it  My son loves anything that is Super Mario .... well me tooo ! Great quality and good size .
Sweet.
Super cute!
So cute for little babies
The King is Back  Groudon is the undeniable king of Pokemon. This plush is amazing, great quality, and intimidates all other Pokemon in my possession. Five stars.
It's really cute  My order went very well and there was nothing I would like to have changed.  I ordered this for my 8yo son because he loves the song and his mom hates it.  The fox dances and plays several different parts of the song and it sounds pretty good for a toy.
He recites something that sounds like Shakespeare. My siblings like him a lot  He recites something that sounds like Shakespeare. My siblings like him a lot. They even try to repeat what he says.
Well made!  Perfect size. Great quality! My kids love it.
Excellent quality  I have several of these, and they are really well made. I'm certainly going to get more of them -- don't hesitate to get some for yourself!
Perfect Princess Daisy  Cute and cuddly! Nice details and looks great. I recommend this doll for any Mario fan out there. You will love it.
My son loves his Mario! He needed the pair to his Luigi.
10/10  Most accurate description! Came EXACTLY as described and shown
Olaf was a Hit!  This was Christmas gift for a 4 year boy that loved the movie, and Olaf is his favorite character. With Frozen being so popular,  I grabbed him when I could. He talks quotes from the movie, and the little boy loved making him talk, and he's soft, so he was great to sleep with. Success!
Cute and good quality
MY FAVORITE ITEM OF ZERO!!!  Let me start by stating that I thought that there was no chance of an official, well-made plush of Zero being made. At all. Then Great Eastern came out with the X plush and I thought, "Is this really happening?? Will they do Zero next?" So I asked a few question on GE's tumblr account and they said that, yes, a Zero plush was in the works but they had some issues to fix (mostly to do with Zero's hair). So imagine my surprise and excitement when not too long after they said that he was finished!!  Zero is very well-made and a lot of attention to detail has been put into him. He even has the Z-saber in its sheath! He looks really cute and yet still ready to kick Maverick butt as usual. Worth all of my money and more!! I am very, VERY happy that he's been made. (^_^)
Very nice!  This is well-made.  My daughter is very happy with this!
Really cute!  I can't believe this hasn't been thought of before!  This thing is unbelievably cute in person and is reflected well in the images of the product.  It is soft, cuddly, and adorable. This is perfect for any kid, adult, or puppy who may love things like this. It's simply awesome!
Buckle Toy for our 16 month old!  Our 16 month old loves this toy! She even claps for herself when she buckles the straps!! This is our 2nd style we have purchased- highly recommend if your child is "intuitive."
In love  I absolutely love this Gama-Chan.
Perfect condition and fair price seeing as how you can't get it on the Pokmon center website anymore with it being a 2014 Halloween exclusive
A gift that shipped directly to a grandchild. He loved it.  Shipped promptly and was exactly as described. My grandkids collect these story or game or film based stuffed animal characters.
He LOVES this thing!  My two year old loves this Ugly Doll. It is well made and the perfect size, not too big , not too small and flat so he travels well. It has been dragged all over the place and is wearing well.
Elmo is fun  My grandson likes Elmo. An Adult has to make him talk as little hands cannot squeeze him hard enough or often enough to get him to sing. Perhaps he will grow into that technique.
awesome  This is the best I recommend it for anyone
It's amazing! Looks exactly like the picture  It's amazing! Looks exactly like the picture, very good quality, and super soft! Definitely recommend this for anyone who loves Kuro!
Omg  i love it its so cuteeeeeeeee  it is amazing quality perfect
nice  I bought this toy for my son who loves pokemon toys and he loves it and plays with it all the time and it seems to be holding up well
great size and wonderful purchase.
Perfect  Came in on time and fulfilled all of my expectations
A great product  I bought this scale as a back-up for my Salter 11 lb. glass scale, since I weigh my food every day. The Salter scale was (and is) tempermental. This has become my primary scale. It never fails, is easy to use and care for, and is definitly not tempermental. It is truly a great product.
Even cuter than the picture. My little girl loves it!
Can't live without my planner/ padfolio.
A Hit!  Got this for my niece for her fifth birthday earlier this year.  She felt the need to put a little more color on its sides (thus personalizing it).  She LOVES it--one of her absolute favorites to take everywhere.
Minions  I purchased these Minions for a gift and the recipient absolutely loves them. They are adorable and huggable. Perfect the the Dispicable Me fan.
Great for kids that love Minecraft game.  My little one (7yrs old) got it for Christmas and he loves it! It is big enough to carry around the house and sit with him while on the sofa.
Absolutely adorable!
... this to my Grandson as a gift and he loved it!  I gave this to my Grandson as a gift and he loved it!
My Grand Daughter loved it.  He is so cute and soft. My Grand Daughter loved it.
just a toy  I thought is was smaller. It is plushy and soft.
my child loved her new toy and it was super cute
Adorable  My granddaughter had o move away from our Westie whom she loves.  This pouch pup is a good substitute.
Daughter's Best Friend!  We bought this for my daughter at Target when she was about 6 months old. She saw it on the shelf and started reaching for it. We picked it up and moved it towards her, and she gripped it right away. She cried when we had to take it out of her hands long enough to pay for it! Now she's 2 1/2 and still goes to bed with it every night. We love it so much we're going to buy one for our son before he arrives this spring!
An Awesome Plush!  When I heard that Sanei released plushes of the 7 Koopalings from the Mario games, I seriously just had to acquire them along with my Bowser plush. Lemmy, Iggy, and Larry are my 3 most favorite Koopalings and I thought I don't want to get them because of the high prices. I was just like okay why not. Lemmy is an awesome plush, very well-detailed from his orange side-markings and crazy mohawk and it's just superb quality period. Any fan of Lemmy Koopa has just got to get this plush, and I just love it!
The girls loved the. They seem to be pretty well made  Bought two of these mermaids. The girls loved the. They seem to be pretty well made. Very pleased with my purchase.
Great product, my son loves it! The vendor was fantastic!
Good toy  My two year old loves the alphabet Elmo.  We got her the Cookie Monster for her birthday.  She was intrigued, but afraid of the voice.  She kept coming back for more, and now loves it just as much as Elmo.
Yay!  I am so happy with my Soul plush! It shipped quickly and is in perfect condition! I only wish his hair wasn't so blue.
A really nice plushy  Wonderful quality, my boyfriend loved it. Definitely worth the price.
Awesome Plush  I bought this plush for my baby. The material is great and well designed. Since i got it, my baby does not stop playing with it.
A Cute and Cuddly Crab  It's amazing how mobile technology makes it easy to keep in contact with people even across the country. I had some family members recently head to the Outer Banks in North Carolina, and though I wished I was there, I got to feel like I was part of the action with all the texts and videos I was sent.  I received several photos of the ghost crabs that trawled the beach at night, and I was amazed at how adorable they were. Jokingly, I texted back and asked for them to bring one home for me.  Imagine my shock when I received a souvenir in the form of this plush toy! He's an adorable little plush crab of a species I'd never heard of until a few days ago, and just as cute! This plush is soft and huggable with beautiful airbrushed details, and it would make a wonderful gift for any arthropod enthusiast in your life.
Adorable!  A stocking stuffer for Christmas and it ended up being the biggest hit of all!
this plushie is awesome
good
Granddaughter was thrilled!!
better in person!  I was really pleased with the material and quality of the item. As it is a gift for my nephew, I was concerned it was going to be cheap looking and think it looks better in person than in the pictures!
THEY ARE SOO CUTE!!!
Cute and adorable.
So cute!  My 2 year old daughter loves it!
My friend's kid likes it very much!
Hard to find item  Grand baby grabbed Barney, loves his song, learned how to squeeze him in 5 minutes....now Barney is her special companion for naps and nite nite along with her bunny.  Well made. And just the right size...good value.
Meets expectations
I love it!  It's little and cute!
Perfect size  So cute and lovable.
great plush  Grell plush looks a lot like the character and is very detailed. It is a nice height and is soft.
Great product.  2 year old loves it and carries it everywhere. Great product.
This book is so cute and colorful! My son loves it!
Very Cute!  I was hesitant to buy this stuffed animal since there was only one picture, and no reviews. I went ahead and got it for my 2 year old son, and am very glad I did. This is soft, floppy, fuzzy toy. This Blue is floppy, unlike other stuffed Blue's available now. The spots on this Blue are sewn on, not painted on. Blue's left paw has the "Blue's Clue" paw print design sewn into the paw. This is a good sized stuffed animal; nice and big for my son to lug around. I am very happy with this purchase, and would recommend this Blue to anyone looking for a stuffed toy for their child.
for learning enjoymenr  sensible toy
adorable  Got this as a gift. The croc is soft and adorable (baby loves to hug him!) and the socks are actually good socks, not just a novelty item. They stay on her feet and they have little grippers on the bottom. Socks are probably size newborn to about 6 months, but I still use them with my 10-month old because they stay on better than other socks. And they are not too thick to go in shoes, but not so thin that they aren't warm. I've washed the croc in the front-loading washer and he came out fine. Great gift.
There were awesome.!  There were awesome.!!!!!!! Got here way before time and was so happy to see the smiles on there faces. Thank you for these very much. Sheila Reilly
Happy with it
My son loves this toy
A Must for Ted Collectors  This is a great piece for the collection!!  Although the vocabulary and speech is the exact same as standard models, Ted is dressed in a very dapper Tux. This piece is supposedly a limited edition and judging from the number )#x of 1xxx) on the shipping box from China, this is very possibly true. I would expect a limited edition to 'say' things that base models don't but this is not a big deal.
We love woody!  He is perfect to carry around or take out with you - great gift for my toy story obsessed 2 year old!!
Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! VERY nice!  This Yo Gabba threesome is just what I wanted!!! Bright, well-made, and very much like the characters on TV!!!  Negatives: I wish all three were as soft as Muno, and I wish I could get Toodie and Plex and DJ Lance in a set as well!!!! Can't wait to give these to my twin grandsons who are BIG fans of YGG!!!
Great wolf.  Great quality, totally cool plush wolf. Better in person than the photos. This will be in our family for years.
my grandaughter gonna love this doll
Goat plushee is best plushee.
An overall Joy!  I got this for my son for Christmas and we both get so much enjoyment out of it! He loves Frozen and I love Olaf from Frozen and it's just a wonderful toy!
Better quality than i expected!  Better quality than i was expecting.  My daughter is obsessed with Sonic characters and has almost all of them.  Most of the plush dolls she has feel like they came out of one of those claw machines (stiff and cheap), but this one was a bit nicer.
Love  This was a gift for my dinosaur obsessed 2yr old for Christmas and he loves them. Perfect size and super soft.
Adorable!
~Small but nice!  ~Bought this for my little brother for a Christmas gift. I know he'll love it. It is small but seems really well made! Got here almost as soon as I ordered it!
neat toy
Adorable! Our daughter loves it.
Adorable
So cute. Keeps my Faceless plush from Spirited Away company.
soft and plush. well made
kid loves it.
Too cute!  Super adorable and well detailed soft plush. They even have his little "ears". The bottom fabric has a tentacle print too. Very soft, very cuddly, and super adorable!
Good size.  Nicely made.  Very cute painted face.
Perfect!  As described. Exactly what we were looking for.
Very cute  This is a fun little toy for younger zombie enthusiasts. I bought this for my 7 year old niece and she absolutely adored it. Each one of the limbs as well as the brain are held on with Velcro so he can be a completely dismembered torso. Lots of fun.
