There is nothing "animated" about this tiger.  Yes it has sound but that is not the same as animated.
It was shorter than I expected even though the seller did provide the measurements. I think I wasn't taking the length of his ears ! He's cute but my grandson ignores him - you can't win them all !
Lifelike alligator  Not 41 inches as advertised Grandson was disappointed
Doesn't look anything like the picture  It's really misleading. The plush when you get it looks so... Derpy. The eyes are far apart, instead of the sewn in red dot, it's just a piece of red felt they glued. All in all, I decided to keep it, if nothing else than for the sheer dumbness. It did, however, arrive quickly.
Way under size than dicription said it was.
Not what was listed or pictured!!!  Item I received was not what was pictured. I ordered an evolution of eevee series and got a complete lower budget one that is literally falling apart, coming unglued and is not even the same color. Demand a refund or what I ordered please
Terrible music!  I ordered this as a replacement for my 5-year-old - he's been sleeping with a Gloworm since he was an infant and the old one no longer lights up. The video on the Amazon page plays the same music as the one he's had for 5 years, but the new one plays really awful music. It sounds like creepy carnival music. My son refuses to sleep with it, so we basically bought it for nothing. I wish the Amazon page had the correct information. I wouldn't have ordered the toy to begin with had I known it wasn't exactly the same.
IT's competely FAKE. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!
Not worth the money  Very small disappointed in it.
Don't buy this!  My son loves the book "How Rocket Learned to Read" so much that he asked for a Rocket themed birthday party. When I saw that a plush Rocket dog was being released I knew we just had to get one. Boy was I surprised when this arrived in the mail. Instead of being a soft cuddly toy for my little boy I received a dog with stiff, crusty, PAINTED ON, black spots! Only the very surface of the spots are black, and there are even some marks where the paint was smeared!!! The fur on the tail looks like in was dipped in paint and is as stiff as a board. I've never seen anything like it! Hopefully there are some of these being made that actually have soft black fur spots like a normal stuffed animal rather than globs of black paint as spots, but I couldn't help but share my experience so that others might be aware.
I would not recommend it.  This product was cheaply made. I would not recommend it.
Horrible. Knock off. Returned it.
Not even close to what was pictured. Mine came with orange hair.  Sent back
Ripped  The back of the Sonic toy was not even sewed, and stuffing was hanging out!  Would not recommend buying !
pretty cheezy for the money
Not huggable, not user friendly, not what I expected...  I thought Elmo was very cute.  My grandboys were not at all impressed.  It has a hard body, an awkward hug, and a ridiculous voice that makes senseless comments.  I am proud that my grandsons were smart enough to leave this item under the tree when they headed home after Christmas and left it  for their grandmother to play with in her spare time.
Small  Very cute, however it will not fit a standard size pencil.
Okay for child toy but not for teen  Product of very poor quality more like child play toy vs nice plush versions winter like versions  we have ordered from other manufactures
Not a real Pokemon.
Different than picture  Product was not the same as the picture.
Bad quality & workmanship  There is a torn at the bottom of the space shuttle & being sewn back as shown on photo, very bad workmanship & quality, not worth the price, will not recommend
Really Hard to Use  I don't understand how this got so many positive reviews.  I bought ten of these for a birthday party and all the kids and adults had trouble getting the monkeys to fly.  I loved the idea, but they just don't fly very far at all.  In addition, the monkey makes a screaching annoying and loud noise!
If the description seems strange, it's because it is: broken engrish. $35 for one small pikachu? Random at that? I got hosed. I thought I was getting all five!
... the original price (50 or so dollars) I'm so glad that I bought it at discounted price  It was way too small for the original price (50 or so dollars) I'm so glad that I bought it at discounted price. And it wasn't in the best condition upon arrival.
Poor Construction  This is one of the most poorly constructed toys I have purchased.  It literally started falling apart the day I gave it to my son... the eyeballs cracked and the fabric started coming apart at the seems.  Buyer beware!!
Terrible  Pretty ugly and cheaply made.  Would not recommend and am considering throwing it away.  Don't waste your money on this item.
Details on the bib is horrible. It is fake.  Look at the difference between the two bibs. One is colored sloppy and one is colored neat. The neat one is fake. Very disappointing and my friend who did order this hated this. Do not add to collection because you will have a fake.
fake vaporeon  so i bought this vaporeon and it came fast and all but it had no tag? and i just learns its a fake :( even thou its fake i luv my dear vaporeon but im sad its a fake
Not worth the Money  I bought this as a birthday gift for my 8 year niece.  She loved it, but I was disappointed in how cheaply it was made.  It's very thin material and in fact, the little loop on the back tore the first time my niece stuck her finger through it.  The stomach area where you put "stuff" is smaller than it looks on TV.  All in all - I thought it was a big waste of $20!
An easy fix maybe  Came with one little seam out.... in a week, the whole back of the Pikachu was opened up. An easy fix maybe, but for the amount you pay for this, terrible quality.
Missing  I also did NOT receive baby Mario.
DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!  AWEFUL quality DO NOT BUY!!!!!!
Didnt come with flareon or LPS  1. I didn't care that much about the LPS, but they still didn't add it anyways. 2. My flareon didn't come in 3. The vaporeon has strings hanging from it's face 4. There was a hole in the package when I got it 5. Most wouldn't stand up straight 6. Took about 3 to 4 ish weeks to come in and get this. 7. Bootleg/fake plush  I'm keeping them, because I like them, and I know I can fix them. NOT worth the price, look elsewhere for fake plush like these. I now have to buy a flareon separately which would be worth about 5 to 10. :/ Cute, but not worth the price, google the same ones for a much better price.
Cute and comfy, but poor quality  Super cute and plush, but the thread on one of his eyes had come undone when we got the package - stuffing was starting to come out. So back it went. :(
Very disappointed  This product was falsely advertised as a 12 in stuffed animal and then when it arrived it was the size of my fire stick remote. I am very disappointed. Unfortunately I didn't open it before wrapping it as a Christmas gift because my daughter was crying for me not to return it. It's not worth the 17.00 it's now advertised for. And I am very upset that it's not the size I selected.
Elmo May Not  Know Childs Name  There are names that Elmo seems to knowthat no t only have I never heard of, I ve never even seen them in those big fat baby name books the size of War & Peace or the bible! Apparently it knew someones daughters name "Paige" which is more common than my childs name "Saige" but sadly Elmo doesnt know Saige. We gave it away to a little girl whose name is on the top 10 of all girls names lately "Emma". Has anyone ever named their child 'Slaughter' Elmo weirdly enough knows this name, as I scrolled thru its name database.  If Im not mistaken this is a verb meaning  'to kill' (? )! I think there are some lovely exotic names out there, however FP should certainly do something about how it obtains the names to put in the dolls database, So many kids like mine are missing out. When I purchased this in '05 it did not even know my other daughters name Rose. Go figure. I hope this helps.
Complete disappointment.  The VTech program download site is down and the toy can't be personalized in time for Christmas to be given as a gift. I emailed the co. to see if there was anything that can be done and they were not helpful. Complete disappointment.
Bad fabric!  This is a very sweet toy, a perfect size, very cute, and my son loves it. BUT the fabric quality is very poor. It was soft upon arrival, but after a month it already looks like it is a 30 year old well-loved/washed/matted stuffed animal. Then, after one wash it was even worse. My son doesn't seem to care, but I wouldn't give it as a gift to anyone.  Amazon -awesome as always- promptly refunded me.
Product was not as described. Doll did not talk and was scary looking
This is the keychain version, not as pictured.  This is not a regular mini tsum tsum as shown in the picture.  It's the keychain version sold outside of US and it's attached to the top.  I think I can remove, but wouldn't have paid the extra this cost to get had I known in advance.
Eh  Straight from China not getting my hopes up
I am very very disappointed, and a little angry  I am very very disappointed,and a little angry...I didn't know this was being shipped from China.. China really ! It's going to be delivered in Janurary .....please tell my two year old grand daughter she's Not getting her frozen Elsa doll.
Terrible construction and concept  Turned off, he's fine -- my now 19 month old (who first got the Elmo four months ago for Christmas) loves dragging him around, leaving a surprisingly  trail of red fur, even though he's not at all cuddly (his midsection is hard as a rock, and he has spindly plastic arms). Turned on, she's terrified of him -- the spasmodic hugging motion and the goodnight song that plays every darn time you lie him down. It's hard to explain to a toddler that Elmo must be propped up because he apparently has a form of narcolepsy that takes hold whenever he's prostrate (aka whenever he's dropped by a toddler). If there were some way to disable the sleep function, I'd add another star. As is, he's just an overpriced, understuffed puppet for us.
Very disappointed  Had I seen it in the store would have never bought it. The toy is very small, the height is only 8 inches, not 10. Its not worth more than $5.
Received the wrong product  On the description it said that it was going to be 14", but instead I received an 8" plush.  Don't waste your money if you are buying this because of it's size.  So far they are only offering me a 15% discount and waiting for more 15".
Otherwise it was fine.  When we received it the seam on the leg was not sewn. It only took a couple of minutes to sew it up but I shouldn't have had to. Otherwise it was fine.
Stopped working after 3 days  Such a cute Elmo. We gave to our 18 month old son for Christmas & he Loved it. Unfortunately, it stopped working 3 days after we opened it. New batteries did nothing.
not what on the picture  For some reasons the toy that we got looks nothing like on the picture : (((( It's very ugly - and it's face done completely different. I don't know what to do with it. I really want the one that on the picture but I'm scared to reorder it now. I'm very disappointed!
You cannot replace the batteries, the whole plush toy is sewn shut
Very disapointed i recieved only 1 plush instead of 4.
I bought this as a replacement for one that I found at a resale shop. My granddaughter loved the first one so much that when it stopped working I was quick to find another one. This purchase was much different. The lullaby songs are not the same. Not American...more like oriental music. I'm disappointed because I was not aware that I was buying an imported toy. Going to return and keep looking.
Just work for a month or less. Later the little thing just dead. I review on net how to repsir, and none of the things recommended werk. Now its just other fur in my daughter's room.
Too small for pruce  It was cute but for the price way too small it seems a lot bigger in picture and for that price should be bigger
she didn't like it...
Expensive fur size of stuffed animal...took a really long time to get them....granddaughter s face when she saw them priceless!
The one we received didn't look like the picture  The one we received didn't look like the picture. It had it's mouth open with his tongue sticking out and was not as soft and plush. It also didn't have the stamp on it's foot.
Plush is nit as depicted, it is overstuffed, deformed, and stitching is off. The plush also came with a string and suction cup attatched to its head. Do not order !
Broke.  It is supposed to say a prayer.  Doesn't work.  They sent a thing to send it back, but I couldn't get it to print.
not worth your money,  not the right size.  This is not what I expected, can't wven here it talk...worthless,, and I bought it for mt granddaughters birthday not good at all..
Not exactly what I expected but still nice
Not worth it, these break very easy  I bought these Mario Mini Kart toys for my 6 year old son.  If you buy these toys please make sure you have some super glue at your house.  Within the first 30 minutes of playing with them 2 of the characters heads/bodies fell off their kart.  Easy to super glue them back together, but the quality of these karts is very low.  We've had them for about a month now and I'd estimate each kart has been super glued 3+ times.  Also, the wheels on 3 of the karts do not roll very easily or at all, they're locked up.  I bought the toy for the value of how many karts for the price... but the quality of the mini karts is extremely poor.  The karts are approximatly 2 1/4 inches long and about 1 1/4 inches wide, they definitly are "mini" karts.  If these are just gonna sit for display then go for it, if your kid wants to play with them I suggest you look elsewhere.
Overcharged  This was suppose to be $9.99 they ended up charging me 14.99
Kids love this, but there is no off button and no way to take the batteries out.
Didnt use  It comes all amashed and unimpressive looking.  Get something else unless he is really really into planes....just typing to hit word limit
This was a great disappointment indeed.
Never worked  I received this for a gift. The batteries that were in it, were rusty and no good. I bought new batteries (3 "hearing aid" type batteries at $10.00). The toy still does not work. It is cute and the details are fun, but it's no good if it doesn't talk and light up as promised.
Slightly false advertising: the eyes aren't as large as the displayed image and the color of the hair isn't the same.  The tail is also matted and had weird brown crispy flakes when it arrived.
Do not waste your money  This was not as described in product description. I bought it as a gift and I was greatly disappointed. Reordering from anither seller.
Hands ripped off 1st use.  The first time I shot it both hands ripped off.  The end.
SMALL. Has a BIG clip on top, which I was not wanting.
Scam  I recieved two item with pikachu-copies with some string on its head to attach it to a window. Not TOMY original. NO pokemon labels. Picture on this item is false!
But it gets annoying really fast  The fact that it was only 6 inches tall if that is! I will only be giving this thing two stars. However the dinosaur chatter is fairly cute. But it gets annoying really fast.
Okay gift  My almost 2 yr old LOVES Elmo and my brother gave this to him as a gift for Christmas. Elmo is mostly played with in the off position. My son really likes to give Elmo "milk" but all Elmo wants to do is go potty. He is not quite talented (he talented for his age) enough to put Elmo on the potty when Elmo requests and he is not interested in always putting Elmo on the pot. Elmo therefore always has accidents. To avoid this potty issue Elmo is often left in the off position, which is unfortunate because my son really likes to have Elmo drink and if Elmo is on he will make sounds when you give him his "milk." Take it for what it is worth, this Elimo is much less expensive than other Elmo toys I just wish that he would not have to pee all of the time.
I was highly disappointed for $21  This is not 20 inches tall.  This is no taller than a Barbie Doll, maybe a tad taller.  I was highly disappointed for $21.00.  I paid for it and will give it to my granddaughter, but I was expecting something larger.
Not worth the money  It quit working after the activation button was pushed three times. I would not recommend buying this toy for a child.
The first time I order it, I didn't get the pokemon the only thing I got is a hat. I was upset about it but I the end I got my refund.
Not very big  Smaller than expected. Kids wanted to be able to sit on it, so I went out and bought a bigger stuff type item to put kids stuffed animals in.
much smaller than i thought. About the size of a beanie baby
NOT what I ordered  I believe I got Simba, NOT Kion, It has no red hair or tail, no lion guard mark, it has nothing to do with the product picture. This is definetly not what I ordered. My 4 year old is really disappointed. I would like to return it and get the real one instead but I don't know how to do it since I sent it to Miami but now I'm back in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Cheaply made .  Very disappointed.  Looks like it should sell for 1 dollar not 13. A cheap Boardwalk toy.  Very disappointed. Would love to send back for the price paid.
Had to
Read discription!!!!!!  Doll is cute BUT beware it's real tiny and you can't tell by just looking at the picture. It does state 5 " if ya read into the discription so it is my mistake but I assumed for  almost $17.00 I would be getting something larger. Especially cause Amazon does have plain Boo dolls(9") for the same price. To me this doll isn't worth the money.
Espeon that arrived did not match the one in the picture at all.  The ears aren't the same, the tail is short (doesn't stick up above the head as shown), the eyes are smaller and wider placed, the eyebrows and nose and red forehead dot all were placed differently.  Overall not the same version and not nearly as cute.  Also quite small.  Am returning it.
my toddler isn't strong enough to press button to make him talk..
Kind of cheap  Very cheaply made. Can clearly see the flaws..
These were a baby the ones i wanted should have been for 8year olds
Not what I was expecting  Little friend skipit - not what I was expecting.  Guess fur is throwing me off.  Doesn't look much like photo; not as cute.  More shaggy.  Was for an adult collector.
BUYER BEWARE!  Very disappointed in this product.  By the pictures I expected so much.  After purchasing I realized most of the reviews were from people who received a discount or free product.  Immediately after opening this product you will be dissatisfied.  The money charged this vs the product received is ridiculous.  This is mediocre quality and your child will pinch their fingers.  I cannot recommend this product.
SMALL  Daisy is smaller and does not measure 9". The worst thing is that Daisy is more expensive
misleading  It says it's 9 inches tall. In fact it's barely 5 inches
This is not what I ordered. I ordered a 16 GB troll flash drive, my order was changed I have no need for a stuffed troll doll, I gave it away.
wheres my stuff?  i ordered this like one month ago and its still not here. I like it but I wish it would come.
when I receive this plush the back was not sewn, so I had to end up finishing the sewing by myself, I would not recommend this for anyone uless they want a half done sewing project
Bootleg!  It's a bootleg! Real crap quality, and also, was damaged in the process.
it does not work&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gund-Sesame-Street-Elmo-Stuffed-Giggle-Ball/dp/B00B3WAAZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gund Sesame Street Elmo Stuffed Giggle Ball</a>
Not a quality item  My son loves this dog but both ears have fallen off after simply sleeping with it for 3-4 weeks.
Wrong Item  Did not get the right item.
Much smaller than pictured.  Should be described as zipper pulls rather than plush doll.  Nothing plush about it.
DISAPPOINTED  VERY MISLEADING.  I bought this toy for my granddaughter and was very disappointed when I squeezed Elmo's tummy only to find that the "song" did not play continuously.  The ad should indicate that Elmo sings a note of the song EACH time you squeeze Elmo - in other words, each time you squeeze Elmo you hear "la".  After a series of "la"s it SOUNDS like Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Ripped within 2 weeks
this is the worst most insulting doll ever  are you serious?  she's black not a pug!  this is the worst most insulting doll ever!
AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS!  DON'T ORDER THIS PRODUCT. IT'S NOT LIKE THE OTHER TROLLS THEY MAKE. IT'S A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY.
Product was clearly used with scuff marks on face and battery pack, visible browned spots on back from opening and closing the back and batteries were already inside the product and light was on. They should mark USED for this product.
No macintosh support  We received "Elmo Knows Your Name" as a gift for our son and were disappointed with its poor computer support.  For a mainstream toy that will be purchased in high volume, there is no excuse that "Elmo Knows Your Name" does not have support for any Macintosh computers whatsoever.  There are several usb compatible file system formats which work both on Windows XP and on MacOS X, but Fisher Price chose an exclusive solution.  The software included made no attempt to support Macintosh computers in any way.
WANTED to love it, but just can't!  I'm sorry, I WANT to love this toy. When we received ours it was SO THIN!! I was totally disappointed with the quality. There was barely any stuffing in it and I was surprised to find it had a rattle in it's head (which yes is in the fine print, but not in the main description of the item). The material is soft but it was so thin there is no way it would hold up to any kind of use. So sadly, we returned it and bought a Bunnies By The Bay doll instead and am so glad we did! Sorry Farm Buddies... please work on your quality!!
Velcro falling apart after light use  I purchased for my kids:  1 of Toothy: Adult Size Dinosaur Plush Ball Hopper [ASIN: B00BPJW3G4] 1 of Plush Unicorn Hop Ball | Hopper Costume | Adult Size [ASIN: B00J865I0Y] 1 of Mr Jones: Adult Size Plush Horse Hop Ball Hopper [ASIN: B00BPHH7DU]  Pros: The kids loved it.  Comes with pump.  Cons: The unicorn ball is much bigger than the dinosaur and horse ball. The dinosaur and horse bouncing ball seem a little small for the covering and doesn't seem to fill it up.  The handle on the unicorn is different than the dinosaur and horse.  The velcro that holds the dinosaur's cover together is already ripping and fraying after 2 days of use.  Overall, I wished the dinosaur and horse hopping ball was larger (like the unicorn's).  I wished the quality was a little better.  I don't think the vecro on the dinosaur one will last for much longer.
Item looked nothing like the picture.
Not worth it  Can barely hear the ball giggle
Water gets inside immediately, totally not worth the price , I had to take mine apart and fix for it work , right out of the box. Push botton to turn on was not properly installed , cheap device , cheaply made
Not recommended  Doesn't play for than a couple seconds. Elmo also sounds Columbian.
Terrible, don't get! False advertising  Terrible, don't get! The elmos we got weren't even playskool, didn't have the soft eyes that were supposed to come with it, were the 18+ month edition instead of the baby version, poor quality and downright creepy!
smelly chinese crap
i expected this item to be in better shape, especially for the price.  When we received this $20 6" stuffed animal it had glue you could see with your eyes around its feet, hands and eyes. I don't feel what we received was put together well for what we paid. I was very disappointed in its condition. Not to mention I found the same stuff animal with another company for $6.
For what I paid it could have been bigger
Olaf bean plush  The bean Olaf that I received was not the one I ordered.  The one I ordered spoke several phrases from the movie "Frozen".  They were out of that and sent me a replacement of a nice Olaf of a good size but not what I ordered.  They apologized and refunded my purchase price.
... if you are expecting a quality Tomy brand pokemon like the picture misleads This is  Do not buy if you are expecting a quality Tomy brand pokemon like the picture misleads This is. Knockoff Takara tomy and the quality is poor In the pic the yellow rings are embroided but the actual item is yellow print Dissapointed with Chinese import!
Wrong item  Says its 13. One i received is about 6.
I specifically ordered a kirby dressed as link plush but instead I received a link plush. I don't know how this mixup was possible when they're two different plush toys. What's worse is the fact that the label on the plush said kirby link plush, but the product turned out to be just link.
great lumbar pillow  When my daughter, almost 2 at the time, unwrapped this Christmas morning, she said "I don't like it!" She was horrified by the thing. It is truly that alarming to little people. The adults find it charming. My husband found that it made a perfect lumbar pillow when watching television. Enough so that I'm replacing the original one that the dogs chewed up with a new one to use as a lumbar pillow. Our daughter, almost 4 now, still has no interest in playing with the thing and thinks of it as Daddy's pillow.
Fisher-Price ones disappointing  The Fisher Price ones are not as well made or as big as the Nickelodeon ones.  For a few extra $ it's worth getting the one by Nick, softer and bigger.
BOX WAS TALKING UPON ARRIVAL  BAD CONDITION OF ITEM BY SHIPPER!  The doll had been turned on at the shipping site and LEFT ON, and the battery packet was hanging completely out of the back of the doll.  The silky lining of the battery compartment was stuck in the velcro that is supposed to seal the battery compartment, so I had to disentangle that before I could even begin to put the battery packet back in there. The head portion has been pulled away from the body and reattached crooked. So when it arrived and my toddler and I picked up the mail, the Olaf doll inside the SEALED box WAS TALKING every time the box was moved even slightly, which of course she heard immediately and recognized. **THIS IS THE ONE THING SHE ASKED SANTA FOR!  WHAT A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT! There was also some other color thread (not any color on the doll) stuck in the velcro. All of this had to have happened at the shipping location as this box was sealed and had not been reopened. *ANGRY, DISAPPOINTED, AND HAVING TO EXPLAIN WHY SANTA SENT THIS, INSTEAD OF DELIVERING IT AT CHRISTMAS.**
fake
but my grandson loved it so it all worked out great  Didn't realize how small it was going to be, but my grandson loved it so it all worked out great.
I order one Elf boy and one Elf girl and I got two Elf boys  They did not send me the girl Elf.. they sent me the Elf boy.. It was too late to return it/change it
This item is a lot smaller than I thought it would be.
NOT REAL!  NOT A REAL TSUM TSUM. I REPEAT NOT A REAL TSUM TSUM  Don't get me wrong it's cute but if you're a collector STAY AWAY.
Don't buy!!!  We got this item just today and my son was so happy coz he loves Shaun the sheep, and after of playing and dancing with the toy, my son started crying coz the arms fall off.  I check on it and found out that it was not even attach well, the stitch was not done properly.  It would be hassle o return it and tomorrow he would be looking for it, so I just fixed it.  I hope it will stand a 4 yr old who likes to play with Shaun the sheep. SO BEWARE! NOT WORTH THE PRICE!!!! I hope amazon would check the items they sell, coz so far this is the worst item we bought which is not really worth the price.
Can't recommend it.  Pros: 1. It arrived much faster than promised. 2. Soft  Cons: 1. It smelled slightly of mold. 2. Not a Gund Product. 3. Quality not as pictured.
Very small compared to ad.  Not the size I expected
Item damaged  Item was new in package but had and tear in the back along the seam and stuffing was showing through.
Quality is very poor and it is not looking like in image and its not in good condition. Very very disappointed..
Bought this for my daughter she had it for 1 day and now it has a hole at her chest
After paying 60 dollars with shipping it was a big disappointment.  This plushy was only a 4" my daughter was devastated. After paying 60 dollars with shipping  it was a big disappointment.
Never going to be a band  He interacts with Elmo but not the other items/friends that go along with the "Let's Rock" set. If you have visions of creating a sesame street band that all plays together it is not going to happen.
Overpriced and very low quality. Also deceptive in size. I do not recommend! Ruined the Christmas gift I had planned for my little niece.
Poor quality...waste of your money  All 3 didn't last 3 days. They come with a baterry system, that is very easy to take out. The battery is so small that is very easy to swallow no matter the size of the dog. I recomend buying instead:  Latex version Hartz Angry Birds Hardheads Dog Toy (Toy May Vary) - Officially Licensed by Rovio Plush version Angry Birds Plush 5-Inch Red Bird with Sound  a Little bit expenser but totally worth it.
smaller and uglier than expected  smaller and uglier than expected
Batteries not working  I received the toy and the batteries are not working or the toy is not working.
NEVER BUY THIS!!!  I haven't purchased this and I don't plan on to because it is FALSELY ADVERTISED!!!! The title says "Lucario Plush" but for all of you Pokemon people, this is OBVIOUSLY not Lucario. I'd give this zero stars if I could. Want to buy a Lucario plush? Look at the reviews first before buying it.
Beautiful, but poor quality  This a a beautifully soft and squish realistic male sockeye salmon. Unfortunately, it isn't well made. Less than 24 hours of play and it have developed a hole. My 3 year old is heartbroken.
Expected better from Disney
Damage to the decorative box  The top of the box was taped. I very carefully tried to remove the tape from the green box without damaging it and was unable to do so.  The green came off with the tape.  Now you might think why would I care about the box however I love the box it comes in and the stuffed animals.  Also, if Im spending $40.00 on something I'd like it to be in top condition.
Fell apart before it was even out of the package. Very poorly sewn.
If you love suspenseful movies  If you love suspenseful movies, especially with a bit of pure terror thrown in, this bird is for you! One demonic eye stares balefully at you, seeming to follow you around the room, waiting....The fact that one beady eye has a BEAD on you and the other one is a sniper eye, staring up and away as tho it were looking for an ambush out of the nearest tree, will give you hours of entertainment. Of the worse kind. Get one for the misbehaving child in your life: it will scare them straight. Or one for yourself if you are prone to spend too many hours sleeping and not getting much accomplished. This creature will guarantee a restless night. Actually, many.
Cheaply made...the sound box immediately broke.
There was a hard plastic piece inserted in the ears. The fur wasn't soft and cuddly. Returning the item.
Awful Post  Looks nothing like in picture. Very poor 0/5
Fake! do not buy ever. Scam! Rip off! Horrible! Warning!  This is not the real product shown on the image. It is a knock off. i spent 25 bucks on this. It does not have the right tag, the stuffing came out of hat. This is made in china. Does not look like the picture.
They are tiny  These things looked about 10x the size on the site. They are tiny and very expensive. Certainly not worth the money.
Defective  Items were of poor quality. There were very loose threads on some of the pups. There was even a defect with missing fabric, with stitches spaced far apart in one of them. Returning the item.
My son loves this!! But...  A friend bought this as a gift when our son was a baby and he is now 2 1/2. For some reason he became attached and now we've gone through 8!! It never comes clean in the wash. After being carted around it looks and smells disgusting, and even more so after I wash it (hand wash, air dry; machine wash, air dry; machine wash, machine dry). We've thrown away (composted) 7 of them because they smell so bad (kept his original one). I'm all for being a good steward and using our resources wisely, but how does a "disposable" toy help us do that. We will be purchasing #'s 9 and 10 soon just to keep a couple back up. :-(  Glad he has a 'lovey' that he likes so much, really mad that we've spent over $100 (and counting) so he can have one that doesn't smell rotten....
Does not look like it's picture  The picture shows the dog lying down which is what I expected to get. Unfortunately I received a dog sitting up which was very disappointing.
Very cheaply made product.  My daughter loves it of course, just because it has Snooki's name on the tag, but I was very disappointed that she spent so much of her own money on what turned out to be a product you would find at a carnival or cheap amusement park as a prize.
It was not what I wanted or was expecting at all  It was much smaller then anticipated and the ears were not soft but made of a hard plastic. I was not happy with this item.
Dose Not Spin  ):  so unhappy that I gave this as gift and it dose not work. it talks but will not spin!! Will not buy for seller again!
Buyer Beware, False Advertising.  This turtle isn't the same color as the picture. The shell is pink and has pink spots. The skin is a very light green. The spots and turtle aren't even the same shape as the picture and when it comes to you in the packaging it's neck is all squished up so it's head flops over and won't stand up... Not worth the $, completely false advertising.
Though the quality did appear good.  I honestly thought that this doll was as big as the others (21") but it wasn't. I returned it because of this. My girls have a collection of the bigger dolls and this just didn't fit in. Though the quality did appear good.
but I got a Chinese knockoff with a suction cup (which makes her look like a cheesy toy for your car) that is ugly  Rating:0/5 DO NOT buy from Necessary Thing. I got this on Points2Shop, thinking it would be the official Sanei Rosalina plush based on the given photo here, but I got a Chinese knockoff with a suction cup (which makes her look like a cheesy toy for your car) that is ugly, has a smashed crown, blue shoes instead of silver, and crooked star earrings; not to mention the felt on the backside of her crown looked a little dirty, indicating it was possibly used. There was no sign of a swing tag, but there was a tush tag on her skirt!
lasted less than 5 minutes before the back legs fell off
Neck Broken  Head broke off at neck after about one month of having her. It is not repairable. My daughter loves this doll so much, too. Very disappointing.
Wings fell apart
okay product  nice toy for my child to play with, it looks bigger in the picture, but smaller in person, you are looking for something larger, this is not the toy for you.
This isn't what I ordered  It arrived in the mail today and it's not the same as the picture. Very disappointing
Bought this for my Daughter for her Birthday, when it arrived I was completely let down that this is a knock off product.  Do not buy this.
not a great thing  We just think that this was a waste to order, just something that is not what it made to do with the kids stuffed.
The figure is awesome, stands well  The figure is awesome, stands well, seems like he was made well and is thesis I expected. The swords are terrible. Just cheap felt barely sewn to his back. When Deadpool arrived both sword were bent in the bag that he came in. They went way too cheap on these and any little kid will rip them right off. If you don't care about that, than this is a great stuffed toy
The Furby came with defect  We bought 3 furbys Boom, and one of them in two weeks stops to work propely. I change the bateries and pressed the refresh botton, but it dos not work. The eyes are grays and the ears do not move.
Ok Just wish the rest of my order would  Ok Just wish the rest of my order would arrive
Great idea, bad execution. Amazing how they could mess up something that should be a delight.  Very disappointing. Shaun the Sheep is a wonderful animated character, and a plush toy should be a no-brainer.  The makers of this one have done a real disservice to a great idea. How many things can you get wrong?  Here are a few:  1. There is no way to replace the batteries. Nor can the batteries be removed without cutting open the toy. Bizarre. The box says "Contains 3 x LR44 button cell batteries. These batteries are not replaceable. Once the batteries are used, please take to local recycling company for removal by a professional. The battery pack can be removed by cutting open down the side of the toy. These instructions must be adhered to as the removal of these batteries could be dangerous."  Dangerous? Recycling professionals? Are these people insane?  I guess they've never heard of velcro. I have other toys with hidden batteries, accessible via a velcro flap, which you can replace yourself. No danger, just the occasional small expense of buying batteries.  The makers of this toy, however, apparently went with the cheapest, stupidest option.  The toy will be dead when the batteries die, and any attempt to fix the situation yourself could be risky. Had I seen this before ordering, I would not have ordered it.  2. The toy itself is cheaply made, with visible seams on the sheep's face.  At first I thought I had received defective item.  Then I realized that this is how they are made.  3.  There is no plastic or cellophane protecting the toy in the box. The sheep is strapped on to the cardboard, but otherwise exposed.  Mine arrived unprotected in a badly dented cardboard box and looked a little dusty at first. A plush toy like this should have a little plastic protection to keep it  clean during handling and transit.  I am strongly tempted to return this item.  Just looking at it makes me angry.  Aardman, please be more careful whom you license your wonderful ideas to.  Shaun the Sheep deserves better than this.
Item received not the same as pictured and very poor quality.  1) Cheaply made - one ear was already coming unstitched when I opened it. 2) Not the same as what is pictured. 3) Ears will not stay up like pictured - completely floppy. 4) Can not be returned without buyer having to pay the shipping all the way back to China. 5) Bootleg item  Only gave it two stars instead of one because it's still Vaporeon and cute.
Product is used.  Not very clean and had sticky stuff on the side of it.  I didn't not see where it was post as "Used".
Tail came off!  The tail came off the first week my grandson had it!
Wrong Plush  It was not the Shadow that is shown in the picture. It was inaccurately shaped (wrong proportions), and had no label.
Cute but too small  Much smaller than I expected.  Cute but too small.
Fake review ripoff. Return immediately  Looks extremely cheaply made. Returning immediately. Wouldn't trust thing in the tub with a child
Was told that this was a large stuffed horse measuring 15 inches when laying down. My daughter wanted a big stuffed horse. Now she won't be able to get what she wanted.
Plush was not up to standards.. has no neck and seem down the back opened and stuffing came out after being played with for a half hour.. had to have grandma stitch it back up
Arrived broken  Its super cute but it arrived with a broken handle.  I ordered this to be apart of a prize gift basket at work so I simply don't have time for the exchange process.  I'll have to find someway to make it work.  Super disappointed.
Very small  Not great
BUT its a poor design and it probably wasn't kid tested  Its a very cute product, BUT its a poor design and it probably wasn't kid tested. The parts are attached by a cord that runs through the body. Ours lasted for about 4 days before it was literally pulled apart, and at that point you can't do anything with it.
was expecting a much much bigger sized toy and received a toy that fit in my hand it was so small.. :(
Disappointed in this plush  My son just turned 2.  He LOVES watching Sesame Street, but this does not seem to keep his interest.  He likes to recite the alphabet, so I thought he'd at least enjoy that, but that's not enough to entertain him. A little overpriced; I'm a lot disappointed.
Not what you think it is, the original glow worm  Disappointing toy. Not what we expected. Small. Hard, not soft. No way to turn the volume down or off.
Worked great for a out 4 days.. now tigey does not glow...
Actually returned it.  The first time my son played with it, it ripped. Not surprised due to the other reviews I had read.
I thought it was going to cone in a decent size but it was sooo small
Low quality, stuffing is everywhere  I was surprised that it came a day earlier, however, when I opened it, there was some stuffing sticking out. I realized there were two holes and other spots where the stuffing was sticking out. THIS IS NOT FROM POKEMON CENTER!! And can someone tell me why Rayquaza mouth is opened SUPER wide?! The arms are missing stuffing too, it's too floppy. The only thing that was close to accurate was the colors.
Stopped working in 6 days!  We haven't even had this for one week and the audio has stopped working.  My son is so disappointed!!!!
Cheap Looking  Looks like a dog toy. It's the size of my palm. Definitely not worth $10!
Cheap, don't buy!! Sent back
looks derpy and lopsided you could probably find one of better quality elsewhere  cheap material, looks derpy and lopsided you could probably find one of better quality elsewhere.
single parents beware!!  OMG! I bought this toy for my daughter Xmas 2005.  I paid $39.99.  It was very east for me to set up, i filled out her schedule and everything. the internal clock worked for about a day or so.  we wake up at 5 but elmodidnt have that option. so I put 6am.  Never the less, about a week later we are sound asleep and about 3 in the morning Elmo says,"Courtney, time to eat....blah blah," I jumped so far out of my bed and grabbed the kids ready to fly outta the door.  Im a wicked light sleeper.. so for those single parents that are light sleepers and have to get early and do not want to be scared out of your PJ's this doll is not for you.  The doll even sang Happy birthday to her LIKE 3 MONTHS too early...she was like, MA, its my birthday?...LOL..Its just not Worth the MONEY or the EAR PLUGS!!!
not happy  Not as expected. When you open the little flaps with numbers, there is only one picture under each - expected a matching number of items - like 5 little pictures under the number 5, etc. buckles are not all different and I had to pay for return even with prime membership!  In no way worth $24.95.
For the money they were very disappointing
Fake Elsa !  Do not buy ! I am returning this doll and I have informed the Disney store as well.
Tummy Stuffer has very little room  It was much smaller than expected.  I later went to the local Dollar General Store and found same dog for $20!!!  Was very dissappointed, I had just spent 30 on one!! Size of dog was no where to be found in advertisement.
bootleg alert!  warning it is a fake plush don't waste $25 on it.
not worth your money  Was  no where near the right size.  It went straight where junk goes...  In the trash.  The size in the picture is actual size.
The item did not look new (it said new in the description) and it even had a hole in the head.
Avoid  Very misleading; item does not match the picture and description.
pocahontas  she is a very beautiful doll. however, on the first day her hair was already tangled and messy. I had to apply de tangler to her hair and straighten it out. plus, she has a hard time standing on her. she tends to topple if not steadied properly. I would recommend Pocahontas to  someone collecting a doll, not a toy for a child.
Only for half my order
The price doubled!!!!!  I love this product, and like so many others I use them in my small business, the cost is now too much to make any profit off personalization :(  Was looking forward to buying many more of these but now I'll have to find an alternative.  I purchased several of them at the original price of $7 but for this price I can't see buying any more.
Scam
Disappointed  Very cute toy but 18 month old son played with new toy two times and there was already a bug rip down the side and the stuffing started coming out. Disappointed
poor quality  Came with little holes I ended up stitching.  Also little threads were coming out.  Poor quality but my daughter loved it.  Cute little charmander.
The light broke after a month
Wrong size delivered!  Poor wrong size was shipped! Item was not a 12 inch like advertised in the description! Other then that it was the pink dress like I wanted
Price doubled ! Will change review when price is lowered . Was going to order 100!
Lies! Deception!  Not 48 inches as described, only around 42. Otherwise as expected.
It is low quality compared to the one I had 10 years ago. It is already torn after a few weeks.
Monkey body not the same as advertised  My grandson has this brown monkey and loves it so I wanted one at my house. I was very disappointed to receive a monkey with a rainbow body instead of a brown body.  False advertising!
Do not buy. Product was damaged from the way they packaged the item. The stitching around the neck and hair was split wide open
One week, already a hole.  I bought 4 tummy stuffers for my 4 girls. We have only had them one week and the monkey already has a hole in it. Very disappointing because the girls were very excited to get them. Especially for the price, also.
Poor finish
It was OK but I expected better.  It was not as described in ad.  It was OK but I expected better.
This "Joy" is not talking  This "Joy" is not talking, does not have the hand switch nor the inner talking device. Is this genuine?
So so  The delivery was a day late, but no big deal. My daughter recently lost her Piglet while shopping and she sleeps with it so I needed to rush and get her another one, unfortunately this one is not the quality of her previous on, but at 17 months she can't tell.
Not authentic Disney. Fur is rough, ears crunchy.
Poor quality but my daugther still loves it  I'm giving this two stars because my daughter loves this toy even though the quality is awful. It doesn't stretch like the commercials depict and I had to sew tears twice. You can read my full review and see pictures at bonafidereview dot net.
Not a 9" toy. $15 a lot to pay for a 6" toy. My sons likes it but not worth the cost.
The music shuts off after a few seconds and only plays every fourth try
Pretty flimsy and the face piece doesn't stay on well, but my son still likes it
Terribly made panda, not cute at all
I got Yoshi instead of Luigi.
Was very dissapointed it arrived in a plastic bag and is much smaller than it looks online , would not order this again
It's okay if you don't want the lights.  I received this in the mail yesterday, wore it today, and the lights already stopped working.  The mechanism that holds the batteries in place is so cheaply made, I'm not sure it is tight enough to keep the batteries aligned to make a proper connection.
Watch out  The Bunnelby shown here has its eyes open. The Bunnelby my son received has closed eyes. He was very disappointed, which means I am too. The picture is not an accurate representation of what you actually get.
It was Minnie Mouse but it was to small
I'm pretty sure it's a fake  I use to have this doll and it was ordered from the real uglydoll site. This one's material is different. I'm pretty sure it's a fake.
Stained and dirty  This product stained and dirty when received. Not only did it take well beyond two days to deliver, event though it was a "Prime" item, but it had stains on it and looked used. I am sincerely disappointed.
Not quite the same  I only rated it one star because the picture looks only a little bit like the real thing it's much wider than the picture shows
the reason i don't like it is that the fingers on the left wing is sewn backwards and the vein like lines are not lined up
This item is poor quality.  Seams coming apart the day after receiving it.
Doesn't sound like elmo at all  Doesn't sound like elmo at all! The hats are impossible for a child to put on. Junk in my opinion.
Bought as a gift. Size misrepresented. Fur slightly displaced across the animal- soft, but there were patches lacking any fur at all at the legs and neck. Within 3 days of receiving and giving away the item, all of the stitching on the back of the plushie's head and back had come apart. Fur was also falling out. A rather embarrassing gift, considering how quickly it fell apart. Luckily, the one it was given to was able to re-sew the entire animal and reinforce it, so in the end, they enjoyed it. But to pay for something that ends up being misrepresented, and of low quality... Cute in concept, but poorly "delivered".
Probably not original...  Not great quality ..cheap but not many options out there on puss products. Kids will be happy..should last a week.
Very disappointing item.  This was a VERY disappointing item. I have a similar item and was so happy to fine this on line. However upon receiving it, the quality is far, far substandard to the one I already have. The call only works some time and when it does work, it is so soft you have to hold it up to your ear to hear anything. I would not recomend this item to anyone!
My daughter didn't like this plush at all when it came in it was so different from the picture
Gonta no like how bear turn insect into enemy  This bear not a gentleman. Gonta no like how bear turn insect into enemy. He not nice and very very very mean. Gonta will hurt bear again if he hurt insects.
The first one I order was fine, until my dog killed it for good  I have bought two of these.  They are Cheaply made, but my dog loves chasing this mouse.  The first one I order was fine, until my dog killed it for good.  The remote worked and the mouse moved.  The second one was unusable.  The remote had two negative battery slots instead of a negative and positive slot, making the remote unusable.  So it seems to be luck of the draw.  You could get one that works or not.
Pretty stupid for the price
Yo small ,dont lyke
It doesn't look like how it was advertised  It doesn't look like how it was advertised. Nose wasn't in the right place. The ear colors was wrong , the eyes are lopsided. Also, and I know this is a weird thing to complain about, but it has a mouth. Looks better if view from the side.
Yikes.  Very creepy but the company was easy to return to.
Not worth it  Cheaply made, smaller than expected. Looks nothing like the picture. One of the antennaes was placed on backwards so I reported it as defected and tried to get a replacement. Customer service has been frustrating and slow at this point. The seller makes it as complicated as possible to the point where fighting for a replacement doesn't even seem worth it anymore. Overall extremely disappointed.
The different hats and conversation was great, but this Elmo is too small.
Disappointing  I was so excited for this. Sadly the dalek does not light up or talk. I'm not sure if the battery came dead or the whole thing is just defected. It looks cool but without the dalek sound it's not what I paid for.
... were just waaay too tiny for any kid to enjoy for more than a minute  I have to say these were just waaay too tiny for any kid to enjoy for more than a minute. My two and four year olds didn't even get excited when I pulled them out of the package. If they were twice the size and not poorly made they would be super cute, I can't imagine how anyone would spend $30 on these and be satisfied!
It was ugly and badly made with cheap materials. The colors were all off too.
Not enough cotton inside...  Bought this as a 2nd back-up for a baby that loves this giraffe.  I'm not sure if it's because it's from Amazon and not direct from the company's website but the cotton inside is very sparse.  Parts feel like they do not have any cotton in it.  You can especially tell when you hold 2 together.
Size Stated is Incorrect!  The specs in the write up state that this Hello Kitty is 8 inches.  Leaving one with the impression that it is a nice sized toy.  Well this is the size of a normal beanie item - around 5 inches 6 if you are being really generous. Item was purchased through Amazon.
The product is not stated. The picture said Funtime Mingle , but instead they send sister location Mingle that has a different look than Funtime and we needed the Funtime version.
It's ok  It's ok gift... it won't stand on its own. So you will have to figure out a way to keep it standing up.
Very disappointed. Seeking return  Not the same as shown on advertised. Very disappointed. Seeking return!
Very very small  This item has beads in it and my 10-month-old cannot play with anything with beads in it.  It is so small .  It's the size of a very small lime. Very unhappy
Not as soft as I'd hoped.  No satin lining either.
The head is nothing like what is shown in the image. I recommend buying form the Pokemon center website.
What a joke  I purchased this item a while ago and I never got anything to show for it! I paid for it and to add insult to injury, I bought it as a gift. I usually am not one to write reviews, but I couldn't hold up my frustration any longer. I still can't believe it.
Worst item I've ever seen. The stitching was done by a 5 year-old.
Sent back was not the one pictured
Don; t know,  Don;t know, it is a gift for Christmas
I was a little disappointed when we first received this item due to the color being differnt then in the picture but I thought it was cute enough! Our son is 4 months and we have to sew it.
Wrong Eevee.  So  I wanted to get an eevee plush for a friend.  Instead, I got an Umbreon plush.  Read the reset and it said Eevee on it so either somebody screwed up or they couldn't tell the difference.  I only add one star cause at least the Umbreon plush was official TOMY so it's not all bad.  Nevertheless very disappointed about it, considering I waited two weeks for this order.
Just ehh!  Cheaply made and shipping took FOREVER!!!
The plush isn't bad itself, but when I ordered it first I got a Munna plush not Pidove. But I got it again and its a pretty good plush.
This one looks so pale!  What the heck! I got ripped off by nbc universal when I bought there hard, pale plush of this! Disgrace!
Not doll pictured  Disappointed with this item because the Doc McStuffins doll does not look as pictured. It is wearing a green dress with a pink paw prints on it instead of the typical Doc Mcstuffin outfit.
The strechkin tore wide open under the arm the first time my 6 yr old grsnddsughter tried it out. Poor quality for a toy that should withstand rough and tumble child's plsy. I was very disapointed.
Doesnt work  Just got it in today and was really looking forward to bath time tonight with my baby but it doesnt even work. Put brand new batteries in and all.
Toy Defective... returned and amazon sent a new one and it had the same problem.  Cora was cute and a great idea but from the get go she was defective....she would stutter, repeating the same things over and over again. N She also would only play a few of the songs programmed and would go off after about 5 minutes, even if it was set for 15 or 30 minutes. She also would onlt say the first story that was programmed-- so it got very monotonous.  We liked the idea of Cora and thought she was fun so we sent the defective one back and got another one in return. This time she seemed to be working fine---- for about a week, but then began to do the same thing with the stuttering.  It will work for about 5 sec. and then just stutter... It is super annoying. We have had tried reprogramming her... and everytime we do it works for about 5 mintues and then goes back to the same problem. Another thing that I don't like is that the USB cord is hard to get into cora. It is so short and the little flap door that you have to open to stick it in is hard to keep open while trying to get the cord in. Another thing that I didn't like that was that on some of the holidays she would say was next month when they were really 2 months away. Anyway I liked the idea of Cora and thought she was cute when she worked----- but there were way too many problems and now we just have to enjoy her as a stuffed bear and not a fun talking friend. Would NOT recommend buying. Go with a different brand.
This was not the real Bonnie - looked like a fake, but my other grandson liked it.
I ordered a Pikachu on another device and it arrived today. I am SO DISSAPOINTED what I saw.the Pikachu wasn't the same in the image.
It worked well for about a month then the mouth stopped moving.
Not worth the money  The feet are not well made. The cloth came loose from the rubber sling shot after using it 4 times. Not worth the money
Barney Toy  Thr toy is very cute but I was amazed at how tiny this Barney was for the $22.15 that was charged. My daughter bought the identical toy 2 weeks later at Babies R Us for $11.98. I was disappointed as I always thought that the best prices were on Amazon.
To high.
Poor quality  Purchased as a gift, after receiving the plush toy I noticed the poor quality of the toy. Paid 21 for a horrible overpriced stuffed animal.
Came damaged.
The odor was so overwhelming we had to bag it up in plastic and set it outside.
Not worth the money  This was quite expensive and with shipping was outrageously priced!  Cheap, small and NOT worth half what I paid!!!  Don't buy this.
Elmo knows your name doesn't  So I had read some of the reviews saying that it pronounced names wrong but my daughters name is Zippora and we call her Zippy. I thought surely the thing could say Zippy or atleast Sippy or Zip or something. I assumed it had some kind of program that could sound it out, but no. It had a list. A list of names that my childs name was not on. And you could not use double names which stinks. My daughters last name is Starr and we often call her Zippy Starr. So Ziggy was on the list and Star was on the list and if you could put them together Ziggy Star would have sounded pretty close. They didn't even have her middle name which is lorelei. I'm pretty sure Lorelei is in the top 100 girls names on the social security website. THats where they should have gotten that list from. On the social security website it lists the top 100 boys and girls names for every year. I mean I know Zippora isn't that common but its not totally uncommon either. Its a biblical name for petes sake. So now Elmo calls her Zemora. I thought it was a bit closer than Ziggy.  He does however know the names of her sisters and her Uncle which are Abby, Phoebee, and Ezra. They should put that list on the fisher price website so that you atleast have the option of checking it before you buy. Also the box says it says over 100 personalized phrases but you do not choose the phrases it says. All you do is enter in the childs name, birth date, favorite color, animal food, e.t.c., meal and bed times, and the names of three other people.  It would be nice if you could choose and program the phrases yourself. I haven't given her the toy yet, but I hope its not a bust.
Speaker broken beware  This worked for a month and then stopped talking. It moved and eyes changed expression, but no voice. Speaker broken. Not happy I paid over $50 for this..my child is even  More upset.
wrong size  I was not happy, because when I searched for this product, I was looking for the Giant one, and I received a very small tummy stuffer.
This item could have been a lot better.  Photo shows a few of these floats not just a single one. This item could have been a lot better.
So so  So so
no room in the backpack part to put anything.  too small
Defective  The wire inside the wing was broken and the stitching was ripped.
Don't believe the picture  I was hoping it would be like the picture, come to find out that it's not even close to the picture. I'm very disappointed that mine came yesterday and came terribly ugly. I wanted the one from the picture and what I got was not what I order. Don't even bother ordering this.
Not great  Clearly a cheap-o knock-off. Kiddo was not impressed.
Don't waste your time or money.  This was a very strange looking rabbit. I did not like it at all and felt like it would scare the baby. I returned it almost as fast as I received it.
Ask for photos of the actual product before buying!  The doll had two lazy eyes, and ruined the entire look of the doll. The product I recieved looked more like a knock off than an official product.
Cool but poorly made.  Cheaply made and fell apart without being man-handled. Unfortunate as it was very neat.
KNOCK OFF KNOCK OFF FAKE FAKE FAKE (Laughable attempt at a knock off) False advertising.  I wish there could be a zero star. The doll that i received is clear a knock off, does not have the TOMY tag. The doll looks nothing like the one that is pictured. Our version his hands are up. head is poorly stitched where you looks like he has no chin and the whole doll just looks like a football with ears on it.
the fur of the Elmo comes off easily,.  I got this for my niece and send it back to Malaysia, it was working only for 10 minutes, the fur of the Elmo comes off easily,..it contacted hasbro is USA and my case was refer to hasbro Malaysia , I was told that Hasbro Malaysia will contact me within few days, I'm waiting for almost 2 weeks now,tried calling them it seems that the office is always close.. And I'm still waiting for a replacement if the product...
NOT 11" TALL  I order this product thinking it was eleven inches tall... its not. It is maybe six and a half inches. It is a beautifully made item, but sort of a let down
Dirty, pale and gross  This doll is not bright yellow and a nice blue at all......it looks like a pale yellow and faded blue that was left out in the sun for a whole summer.  Not sure what is worse...giving my girlfriend this or nothing for valentines day.
Cheap, poorly produced  Cheap. Don't waste your $$.
Horrible quality arrived damaged  Do not ever ever by these roses such a disappointment bought them and anticipation for the 1 year reunion of our son Romeo and Julliette seeing each other for the first time since they were born on the same day in the same Hospital when I open the package today I found them all tattered with the foam inside  sticking out of the plush 
Smaller than I expected
Scratchy material. Overstuffed. Tail has already fallen off in a week with minimal use. Seams are very weak.
:(
disappointed  I thought this elmo was a cute toy, but after only 1 month or so of use (ordered it as a christmas gift) it's not working properly.  It starts making weird noises and doesn't move properly.  Replacing batteries did nothing to solve the issue.  Now it's just a broken elmo.
Powerful, Not-Bacon Stench!!!  Do not buy this! It stinks so badly! I bought it for my boyfriend who obsessively loves bacon and as soon as he opened it, we wished we hadn't. I'm not sure how they think it smells like bacon but it smells like rancid meat. We couldn't keep it near us so we put it in the next room and could still smell it. It started to make us feel ill. The next day, we left on a 7 day trip. I had hoped that it would lose its stench by the time we returned, but it hadn't. My boyfriend asked if I would be mad if he threw it out. Neither of us wanted to even wait to be able to return it. It just needed to be gone
Disappointed  I really would give this purchase 0 stars so disappointed the toy arrived dirty and in c a dirty bag. Tried to get toy to work not sure if there were no batteries or if it was broken. So disappointed.
The doll looks nothing like Agnes. I am sorry to said she looks a bit scary.
Cute but not the best quality.  Very soft and super cute, but had a few stray strings off it and by the end of the first week a tear under one of his arms opened up to the insides. Hopefully an easy fix would not be worth the money to try for a refund.
DON'T BUY!!!!  To say I regret ordering this product is an understatement. First of all, I waited several weeks (Waaaay past the deadline thingy) for a product that didn't even seem like the original, loved, high quality plushie. Second of all, it's not worth spending your money on this. Ordering this basically means, to sum it up: Wasting money and time for a product that might not even be delivered. Terrible experience. Hope none of you guys have to go through this.
Knock off. Don't waste your money.  Not official. A knock off. Colors are off. Don't buy!!!
Read sizing info SMALL  I purchased this for my 4 year old. He was having a baby sister and we told him during the pregnancy that when mommy was sick it was the Gremlin that was in there with his baby sister. Yes that's kinda twisted. When his sister was born we gave him this at the same time. Any way its rock hard and very small.
I do not recommend this product  I do not recommend this product
Very disappointed. The item is really small. It should be a lot cheaper.
Too small for $30.00.
tummy stuffers  the way it was shown, kids were able to stuff a lot of things into it.  when we got it, it was very small and we could not put much in it.  very disapointed.  but everything else i have ever ordered from amazon has been great.
Buyers beware, bootlegs abound!  I've been seeing lots of reviews thinking their purchase is authentic, so I just wanted to clear some things up....  It looks like most of the pictures are actually bootleg Rayquaza plushies! One of the quickest ways to tell is to check the tag - underneath the blue characters it should have a picture of a Pokeball and the english words "Pokemon Center". if the words are missing it is definitely bootleg!  Several people have complained of rushed stitching, misaligned teeth, and seams popping. These are almost always bootleg versions of the toys. The real Pokemon Center Rayquaza plush is slightly plumper looking, while the bootleg is more serpentine. The bootleg also has white stitching visible on the black markings, the chestplate markings do not match up, the face antennas are misshapen, and Rayquaza's "shoulder spheres" are not as plump. If your plush has any of these, it is likely a bootleg. This is not altogether a bad thing, if you're just looking to have a toy it does just fine, however collectors should be aware because this isn't particularly well documented elsewhere!
poor quality  I was very disappointed when I took this out of the package. It looks very cheap- matted, plastic fur and poorly painted eyes.  I'm sending it back.
Way too small  It's a wee little stuffed animal.  Not worth the money really. I would have expected larger one for the price.
So disappointed  It was broken when I got so I never got to use it for my son, it did not come with batteries either
was not as big as I would have liked it to be
Will not glow consistently.
Two words IT SUCKS  When I ordered it i was so happy and look what I got
very cheap. hated to give it as a gift but I already had it planned out
Not worth it  His voice is more annoying then regular Elmo. They way he says "belly" drives me bonkers and he says it a lot!  My 18 month old boys greatly prefer rock n roll Elmo and it is much more impressive (and cheaper) oh yah the packaging is not suitable for gift giving. It looks refurbished.
Had a tear in it when arrived.
DO NOT PURCHASE  Very poorly made.  It was already starting to unravel in spots when I took it out of the box.  Truly is a piece of junk, I would advise looking for another seller or product.  This would have been considered junk even by the sweatshop workers who probably made it in Bangladesh. Way too poor quality to been made even in China.  Would have returned it, but was a last minute gift for a niece, so had to spend a good bit of time with needle and thread,  Felt very bad giving her such a piece of trash. The sellers should hang their heads in shame for selling such a piece of trash!
Adorable and the perfect size for our two year old  Adorable and the perfect size for our two year old, who instantly adored it. Unfortunately, it had a very strong smell to it - something like baby powder- that caused our little ones eyes to get red and itchy, so we had to return it. Very disappointed :(
Poor quality.
Not pleased  When I received the toy it was smaller than I thought it would be but that's fine.  When you squeeze the belly he suppose to sing a song but all it did was say la (squeeze belly) la (squeeze belly) la (squeeze belly) la no singing at all.  I kept squeezing thinking that it would start singing but still all I got was la la la things like that.  I am very disappointed in this product.  Maybe I was sent a defected one.  I'm hoping that was it because if that's all it does my grandson is going to be very unhappy with this toy and a waste of money for me.
Very disappointed in the size of this toy  Very disappointed in the size of this toy!!! I spent $12 on something that should have costed $3. It's sooo small
Not great. Shop Disney instead.  Very small and came with a $12 price tag.. feel a little ripped off..
Not the droid we were looking for.  Unfortunately, this BB-8 plush is not what is described in the listing. As others have stated, it's barely 3 inches tall and looks like something you would hang on the Christmas tree.  Not worth the money at all.  The person who reviewed that gave it 5 stars reviewed the wrong item - this is not a metal droid. I would give it zero stars if I could!  So disappointed!
It arrived in a box today and looked fine. I'm disappointed though because when I pressed the button it didn't make any sound and I wanted to give it to my daughter for Christmas and it said that battery included. We'll find out christmas morning if it just ran out of battery or truly broken :/
Too expensive and not well made  I wish I had the benefit of some of your feedback prior to purchase...  As a long-time Prime member (~10 years?), I sometimes take it for granted that Amazon's price is not the best or even in the realm of competitive...  My daughter had her very expensive Olaf for just over a week (she's 7.5 years old so think normal wear/tear) when his head popped off. I was going to try to fix it, but I'm no seamstress. What a waste of a good deal of money - over $45 in total. I'm really starting to rethink my loyalty to Amazon lately as the result of a few issues such as this. Don't buy this here, please.
Doesn't work. Put new batteries in it and still doesn't work.
My daughter is obsessed with Elmo but she has never played with this  My daughter is 20 months and I bought this for her for Christmas and she has never really played with it.  I was really shocked because she LOVES, LOVES, LOVES Elmo.  Figure that one out??? Your kid may like it though, its really cute and is sturdy.  I am still shocked that she won't play with it. Buy your kid the little cheaper version first.
Looking over this toy as a possible Christmas gift for one of my twins. -crossed it off the list real quick when I had visuals of him learning how to unbuckle his seat belt in the car!
Cheap  This is very cheap looking.  Not what the picture shows at all.  Waste of money!  Very dissapointed in quality!  I hope my daughter isn't too upset when she sees this.
Not licensed!  While this fella is cute, I agree with some reviewers- NO LICENSED TAG!  Some tag had been cut off in the back and the hole sewn with white thread on black!  Haven't noted his hair falling out yet, remains to be seen. Be aware of this seller- they are fraudulent!  Must be knockoffs! That's why the price mark down!
Don't Believe the Product Features  I had paid attention to the size as described in product features where it was listed as being 6.5" tall, but now when I look at the Description is is said to be 3.5" while the Features still show the inaccurate 6.5" height. For nearly  $20, one would expect the 6.5" plush rather than one that was barely more than half of that. I don't know if this was intentionally misleading or simply an error when inputting the specifications...either way I am definitely feeling like I was cheated.
Don't last long  My dog loooooves these toys but I'm getting tired of them breaking only after a few weeks of use!
This plush Pokmon is garbage. The seams have been repaired by hand  This plush Pokmon is garbage.  The seams have been repaired by hand.  I am very displeased with the poor quality.
Damaged product received  Arrived on time in undamaged box. Unfortunately the doll itself had what appeared to be a stain from some kind of moisture. Otherwise adorable. Obviously had to return it.
SADLY THIS GIFT ARRIVED BROKEN! NO SOUND- DEFECTIVE. JUST found out when I talked to gift recipient.
Product not as pictured
The one sold by Jesus Jewls is a bootleg knockoff. https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/seller/at-a-glance.html/ref=oh_aui_sellerprofile_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&isAmazonFulfilled=0&marketplaceSeller=1&orderID=105-9392974-6897830&seller=A1ICH7CBSKAU0V
Fun but WAY lack of quality.  Stitch work is bad and the plastic string is about to poke through the antlers. WAY different color than picture advertised. Do NOT expect to recieve the picture! Horns are brown instead of tan and the mane an beard are not bushy. Mouth was lopsided.
"Comes pre-stuffed" False advertisement.  "Comes pre-stuffed" False advertisement. Didn't come with a box or heart either.
Dirty and used   Im so upset bought for a baby gift they received today and its so gross and used
Olaf is adorable but since our daughter open it and we put batteries in it, the remote does not work, should have sent it back but the box was so damage from getting it out.
The snake is really cute and my grandson loved it. HOWEVER  The snake is really cute and my grandson loved it. HOWEVER, the construction is poor. Within 2 weeks, it had holes along the seams and stuffing was coming out. I had to sew the seams with fishing line to repair. I would have sent it back but my grandson loved it. So I repaired it.
Nice looking. Nice fabric Weak Build quality  Beautiful quality in terms of fabric and feel. Two Stars because the nose fell off within 2 weeks.
Item came broken, Elmo could only say hello and the rest was static.
Spots are painted on  Rocket is cute but the spots are painted on and the black paint feels like rough bristles - not exactly cuddly.  I would like Tad Hills to look to a new manufacturer who can actually add black fur that is consistent in quality to the white fur.  Don't buy this if your child would like to cuddle with this stuffed animal!
Quite small  Not large enough to make much of an impact hanging in the room. Yet still cute.
Hot glue is NOT meant to construct toys  Very cute! It's too bad that they are mainly constructed with HOT GLUE! Within a week they were literally falling apart. Between the two of them:the hair was falling out, lost an arm, lost a puff ball from the scarf, part of the other scarf came apart, shoe split open, noses are both loose and one of their heads is half way off. I wouldn't have included more pictures, but it only gave me the option to upload one. They're a great look and that's about it. Sadly, my kids elves left for the North Pole early.
It came without working batteries.  Not pleased
Birthday letdown  The description said it talked, but it did not. It was just a plush doll.
There are the smaller window clings....I was thinking they were the mid sized and would possibly stand on their own
Arrived damaged  I purchased this as a birthday present and when it arrived there were 2 cuts in the legs. One cut in each leg. Very disappointing.
"i love you" song is different  Very very disappointed, I purposely bought this particular barney because it sang. Not only does the voice not sound the same but the jingle doesn't either. I gave it one star simply because I couldn't find a better looking barney.
it is tiny like a key chain  thought I was ordering a bean bag..it is tiny like a key chain..do not order from this seller
Poor quality  Poor quality, first one the nose part is broken, so I got a replacement. But the 2nd one doesn't seem to last long either.
Looks nothing like the picture  Very disappointed in this product. It looks like a felt kit that someone sewed together.  not "plush" and definitely not worth $20.  I would have been embarrassed to give this as a gift.
Looks like a cheap knock-off!  Poor quality. Looks ratty and used. Attached "Gund" tag calls the toy "Elmo Take-Along Buddy". Copyright/registration marks on the toy I received are not authentic. Disappointing, to say the least.
The bulbasaur was the same as the picture, the squirltle was a smaller size, and the charmander smaller still (tiny!).  Should have known based on the price and where it was shipping from to avoid this purchase but took a chance.
Attention to detail?  Not even close to item I ordered. No red mane. No red tail. No lion guard patch. Very disappointed five year old on my hands now.
Inaccurate picture + description!!!  If I could give this zero stars I would! I spent more on this item bc it shows and describes the doll as having a stitched face- it DOES NOT HAVE A STITCHED FACE!! The face is printed on! I could have ordered the same doll for $15 less. Its now too late to return for what I needed it for this weekend! I am SO angry and disappointed!!!!!!
My daughter was excited to get this but soon lost interest and doesnt play with it. Seems to be of decent Chinese quality.
Very disappointed with the toy. You can not understand anything the Cookie Monster is singing!!!!
Not Advertised Item  The plush I got was fine. It was the Takara Tomy Espurr Plush aka the kind they sell at walmart and target for like 13 bucks. I sent it back since it was NOT the pokemon center plush as advertised- which I honestly expected but decided to take a chance. If you don't mind the branding stuff, it's still really cute just not as high quality as the pokemon center plushes.
Terrible disappointment! Misleading  Terrible disappointment! Misleading! Must press Elmo's stomach for every single note.  I expected an entire song when I pressed his stomach.  This does not appeal to my granddaughter, either! Terrible disappointment.
Didn't work  Didn't work ...added new batteries and still didn't work. Returning was easy but sucks it didn't work.
This is way smaller than shown
Not really happy with the price fluctuation!
Was what we were looking for and is liked by its owner.
Don't buy speaking hamster !!!!!  I bought this for my mother who has dementia which articles I have read suggest using items like this to help patients with dementia . The only problem was it never worked . I wish I would have read other peoples reviews before buying this . That was money thrown in the trash .
It's so not fluffy I am going to die  Definitely made in China. It's nothing like in the movie. Very small, like the size of a hand.
Small
Used merchandise  The Gloworm was in the original promotional box, which was broken up taped, and the demo batteries, that are in the Gloworm when purchased, were dead.
SAVE YOUR MONEY  Gave this as a gift to a Cary Elwes fan thinking it would be unique.  The picture makes it look better than it is. The quality is less than good; very shabbily made, poorly stuffed, cheap felt without much shape.  Also, you can't understand what it says unless you read on Amazon what it's supposed to say.  I wouldn't buy it again and would have sent it back if I felt it was worth the effort for the small refund I would have gotten.  Would not recommend this to anyone.
It said 12' but what I got was something else.  I bought this item 6 months ago. It advertised as a 12' Smurf, but what I got was something smaller; I'd say about 7 inches high. Whoever buys this should contact the seller first to make sure its a "foot high"
Not the same as you see it on foto...
Cheap  This came smelling musty and in a wrapping, but it smelled so bad I just threw it away. It was too bad because it was meant to be a Christmas gift.
Disappointing  You get what you pay for. This stuffed toy is super small. Not what I expected
Quickly put together. Could see glue throughout the toy. Don't expect much.
NOT AS ADVERTISED! Will not accept returns.  This is much smaller than advertised. I am unsatisfied with this, and it states that this is not eligible for return. Will not buy from this seller again.
fried batterys  i have had elmo hiden away for few weeks on Christmas morning we went to put batterys in him and he started to smoke and the batterys were scalding hot !!!! taking back to where i got him hopeing to replace , thankfully my son is yung enough to not remember he got . and was entertained with other toys :(
do not spend your money  $28 for this and it's about 5" tall.  Complete ripoff
Horrible  Looks exactly like what I imagine Pikachu's retarded cousin looks like but nothing like Pikachu or the picture shown. I'm very disappointed.
Did not look LIKE pic. Very cheap looking. Very disappointed.
I bought it for my 2 year old daughter and as a remote control toy it sucks. doesnt react to the commands  not worth the money. I bought it for my 2 year old daughter and as a remote control toy it sucks. doesnt react to the commands.
Gizmo is so cute!!!! Unfortunately his ear broke off in the 1st hour. This is very fragile.
Not what it seems  I will start off by saying that I am livid. I ordered this plush to use as a prop on my sons newborn pictures. When I placed the order it originally told me that it would be delivered on Tuesday then it was updated to be Wednesday... okay no big deal it happens thank goodness I ordered it in enough time. So I  receive the plush and not only was it late but it's a totally different size!  I ordered the 9inch to match the other three that I have and i received a 6inch!  Normally it wouldn't be a big deal,  but I already have three others  that are 9inch and now the picture that I had planned for months now is ruined because I done even have time to have them replace it... if they have the 9inch like  they advertised.
I am a little disappointed that the volume is not very loud  Very cute and cuddly. I am a little disappointed that the volume is not very loud.
This isn't the original picture that was posted when I ordered it. Not what I wanted
Very bad quality ... wasted money!!!  Very Bad quality... it was a Christmas present for my daughter and such a complete disappointment. I am afraid it won't last more than a day.
Not 22 inches  This company's toys are great. But am giving 2 stars because I am disappointed with this purchase. The item was 14 inches, not 22! The label says 22 which is ridiculous and strange. Returning
Stopped working  Was really excited to get this for my daughter and she was so excited to get it....unfortunately it stopped working after a few hours and even though I changed out the batteries it still didn't work...
The quality is incredible and its made of a pretty great material but the way they put the plush in the bag keeps it folded for an extended period of time and the fabric had ripped forwards the tail on mine
Disney plush  Marie is a cat from aristocats. Not a dog.
Why haven't you changed the head description?!  Why on earth do you continue to call this a plush doll with a vinyl head.  I was hoping that some people may have just received the wrong product and then got the correct one after a return.  This doll isn't worth a $1 and does NOT match the picture you have listed!  Stop the false advertisement!
Tiny  I ordered this item, the 7 inch Sunflower Plush, as well as the 7 inch Zombie Plush here: http://www.amazon.com/Plants-vs-Zombies-Zombie-Plush/dp/B009TMYBZU/ref=pd_bxgy_t_img_z  The idea was one for my son, one for my daughter, and they could sort of play together.  This idea might be fundamentally flawed since the Sunflower cannot defend itself, but that is neither here nor there.  It is cute, and makes sounds, but there is one key issue: it is VERY SMALL compared to the Zombie Plush.  It measured considerably less than 7 inches, and when held next to the zombie it almost looked keychain sized.  If you want a small flower that's really cute and well made, this is for you.  Just be aware that it's really, really small.
Much smaller that expected. When they say 9 inches that is stretching it out. Walmart has a slightly larger one for a cheaper price.
Careful  Careful with this. As others have said on this particular one, it isn't legitimate toy. Yes, that image looks cute, but I recommend finding another on this site. I personally bought my Suicune plush from Takaratomy (looks different though), but that appears out of stock now. Either way I'd recommend looking for another place to get this, or wait for Takaratomy to start selling their Suicune plush again.
Not Happy  I can't believe they can charge $10.99 for such a small item.  This should be no more than $5.
This doll is not at all worth the money.  The Elmo that came in the mail was COMPLETELY different than the one in the picture. This is a huge disappointment and I would have expected better. It is really CHEAP there are patches of missing fuzz, it's under stuffed, the eyes are made out of cheap plastic, and it's filled with cotton- not beans. Within the first few hours the seams started coming apart. The photo below is what you should expect if you order this doll.
disappointed for representation  Not worth the money....says 31", so was expecting larger stuffed Pokemon, it's small, skinny, and long...disappointed for representation.
Not official.  It's not the official team uniform.  That's why there's no photo of the back of the uniform.  The real uniform (to my understanding) says Russia/Russian in the back.  In the back of this it says (Sports Team).  My wife and I are returning it.
small for price.  The toy is small for the price. I purchased it for my daughter who is obsessed with the character. There are limited options, wish the company made a larger softer stuffed animal, and I have no idea how this is worth  $20!
Read description carefully.  Cute doll but the description is a bit misleading. The size is in cm and not inches so it is much smaller than expected but I wasn't' carful enough in reading. Expensive for the size.
Peppa Pig Plush  Cheaply made overall. The legs are disproportionately thin for the body. The only reason I didn't return it is it's such a busy time and I didn't have time to find a replacement. It looks like Peppa, but I don't recommend buying this item.
knockoff  I just received the doll. It does look like Eddy however it is clearly a knockoff. I've purchased other Pororo character plushes and each came with legit trademark tags. This came with a small flap with "Pororo" stamped. Would have given it 1 star but my daughter still likes it. Hoping the quality of this stands up.
Very, very small. My son love the fact that he got a Gimzo stuff animal just wish it was it bit bigger.
This is a FAKE and not what was pictured.
Hair not right!  y niece. I was so dissapointed when she sent me a picture. His hair is up so high, it doesn't look like the picture on Amazon!!!! So diasapointed! :(
Small Toy Not Worth the Price  This plush is a lot smaller than I thought it would be. It is significantly smaller than the Talking Plush Paw Patrol Pups. So, if you have bought your child the Talking Pups (Zuma is not available for these yet), this Zuma will look very small next to them. My daughter is very happy with it, but this product was OVERPRICED for how small the toy is. The TALKING plushes (which are 12' instead of 8') are cheaper than this toy. I do not recommend you buy this toy unless your child really wants to add Zuma to their collection.
Could've been better  The face looks really bad on the one I got. Doesn't really look like the picture. The arms and head are more floppy than I would like and the stitching is a bit funky. I'm sure if you're getting this for a kid they will be satisfied, but not so much for a 17 year old sister.
YUCK  EVERYTHING WAS SEWN TOGETHER WHERE IT SHOULDNT HAVE BEEN AND IT LOOKED AWEFUL
and he is a big 4 yrs old I feel I wasted money!  The voice box is too small and my grandson can put his hands around the toy to push it .....and he is a big 4 yrs old I feel I wasted money!
Wrong item  Was not the 20th Anniversary collectors edition. Came as a regular Pikachu plushie. No vinyl bag.
Filty  The product looks filty and reused. It was not packaged as compared to a brand new toy.
Didn't even work when I got it!
Don't buy horrible product
I only got one  of two, not sure why :(
It was too small!!!:(:(:(
Fur falls out!!  This item arrived to me in terrible condition! The fur on the head of the sloth was missing and all the fur on the body was falling out.
but quality is poor. I would not recommend it for babies  Price is ok, but quality is poor.  I would not recommend it for babies.  Extra fabric around neck area and where battery is stored in back area is very sharp  It cut my baby's leg. Trimmed it but still the same.
Love this toy but always breaks  Love this toy but the eventually stop working.  First one completely stopped altogether, second one the light broke after three uses, beware.
Material isn't very nice, it's itchy kinda
it's only one doll not two dolls. Not worth the price
Not the same  Definitely not the same plush. It looks nothing like the picture and it really disappointed me. I was excited to have a cute charmander plush.
Not even close to 10 inches--even if you include the ears! Some pre-pubescent teen age boy must have taken the measurement.
NOT AS ADVERTISED!  When I first found him in a small store in chinatown, I was lead to believe that this little guy would be a good pet.  The only warnings I got were these three things: 1) keep him out of the light 2) don't get him wet and 3) don't feed him after 10pm.  Well, that man in chinatown is going to get an earful from me!  A few nights ago my one pet became SEVERAL pets, and now there are these disgusting pods in my attic stinking my whole house up.  I'd keep on going, but I hear something upstairs and I'd better go check it out...
Flimsy & floppy  Flimsy and didn't last. I expected it to be like another similar toy ( I think that was from AKC) that lasted a really long time but this one is more of a cheap copy.
The Olaf had one of the charcoals falling off.
disappointed  When I first saw the picture, I thought it was the size of a pillow.  But it is actually the size of a softball.  Sooo I think it was too expensive for what we received.
Tummy Stuffer Dog  Not even close to the description given, much smaller than described. The ad is extremely misleading and should be removed and replaced with a more truthful advertisement!
Hand Broke off within 20 minutes of opening box!  I returned this after the glued on hand fell off almost immediately!  My son loves gizmo and waited two weeks to receive him only to have it break!  Very upsetting!!!
Squidward  Squidward was really cute. Unfortunately he was not very sturdy.  He has a wire in his neck/body that poked through and came out.  My neice was very upset and for the cost of this item it should have been better quality.
It is ridiciously small for the price I paid!
Zero sound  Delivered it with NO tag, no box, nothing! Looks like used and can't found the way to make it sound! It was for a gift, can't do! Terrible choice!
Not my kind of humour  This is supposed to be an educational toy, but apparently its being marketed as a potentially funny one, too.  OK, fill me in. What's so funny about an HIV virus?  I may be able to understand some joker who gives a friend of his a toy herpes virus, but to turn HIV and AIDS into comedy is frankly sick. Perhaps Miss Ann Thropy would consider it hillarious.  But sure, your little toddler will probably love this cuddly toy and drewl all over it. But personally, I rather buy him/her a more traditional teddy bear...  I hope the workers who make these toys are unionized.
Item did not have quality stitching and when requested to return it the seller never communicated back to me.
Waited 3-4 weeks and it does not talk.  No button or box inside
Does NOT last & my dog is not rough on toys.
very disappointed  Heart did not light up, very disappointed
Not same material Is not real Disney it's fake  Not same material Is not real Disney it's fake
Pascal way overpriced  The Disney store has this exact same plush animal on sale for 5 dollars that is how much I paid.  I was very impressed with pascal but he is small not worth more than 10 dollars.
Overrated, To Say The Least  Being a Hello Kitty collector and owning over 100 Ty items, I falsely assumed that both the appearance and the quality of this item would be great. Nothing could be further from the truth. The bright purple and pink presentation you see online is not what you get when your item arrives. My item arrived in a box that wasn't long enough. To add insult to injury, there was no sort of protective covering for the item. There wasn't a piece of tissue paper, bubble wrap, nor plastic bag protecting the item in the event the box got wet. I took a week to arrive, which is ridiculous, seeing as how it is being shipped from the US to the US. I purchased it for a young family member. I will never purchase anything directly from Ty again. This was such a disappointment.
Only one!, Not six!  The toy itself is cute, but the photos of 6 in a bag on the page were entirely misleading. Overpriced for one small toy - should be no more than 6.99.
This is obviously a poor knock off of original  This is not an "Officially licensed Pokmon" product as stated. Product does not match photo advertised on web site. This is obviously a poor knock off of original. Flames are not even coming out of the mouth. Buyer beware.
Broke the first 30 seconds  Tail came off in the first 30 seconds and the noise maker stopped in 10 minutes!  Don't buy
Thought it was bigger but I guess you get what you pay for. Product measurements wouldve been helpful in the description details
Sound is very poor.
Item returned it was not worth the price.
Hat came off  Ok
This product is the worst. It took almost a month to deliver and and i thought it was a funko plush. It is very fat and ugly and does not look like the one in the game. Do not waste your money on this thing.
Disappointed in size.  I ordered this doll based on the height description and picture.  I was very disappointed and promptly returned the 2 that I ordered.  The 13 inches actually includes the eyes which stick up above the head.  Head to toe, the doll is just above 11.5 inches.  The doll is so skinny and other than the head, really flat.  Belly measures 4 inches wide at the widest part, head about 3.5 inches wide.
It looks like our miniature golden doodle  It looks like our miniature golden doodle, but there is no squeaker so our dog does not love this toy.
I am very very disappointed with this order  I am very very disappointed with this order, when I saw the size of the doll I was upset because it is soo small, you could literally fit in the palm of your hands, the picture is misleading and believe it for the price it doesnt worth it, too expensive cause a popular store has a huge mickey mouse size for a very good price.
Nice price but beware the ``frustration-free'' packaging  If you want to give this item as a gift, I recommend buying elsewhere. The term ``frustration-free packaging'' really means ``let's save a buck and place the item loose in a plain cardboard box, and slap an address label on the side and send THAT to your door packaging.'' Again, a good price, but this was supposed to be a Christmas present for a niece. Having this loose in a brown cardboard box makes it look like a foreign knock-off, or worse, you bought it somewhere used.
Bonk Choy mastary  good size and looks cute. But the origin of this product is suspicious. It came to my door with package from P. R. China without any Amazon's logo or mark. And inside the package there is no product package, no menu and instruction sheet etc. Just a plastic bag wrapped toy. So I don't know the material or any product information, no label on the product, so I don't know it is brand new or used. Shipping time is shorter than two weeks.
Presentable only after repairs.  I sincerely hope that the list price before discounts has never been charged for this. $70 for what is essentially a cheaply-made knockoff? Not impressive. This item arrived FAR too late. I purchased around the December 3 and it did not arrive until January 4! So we missed the cutoff for our family gift-giving and had to purchase a replacement item. Glad we did, because the thing arrived with loose, hanging threads throughout, and the seam between the neck and body looks as though it was never closed in manufacturing, with stuffing spilling from the hole. I have decided to sew up the neck and keep it for the simple reason that I don't want to wait another month or two for a replacement.
Great toy, poor stitching  Great toy to keep my daughter busy. But developed a hole in the neck and loose threads on one foot on the same day as arrival, which was disappointing.
Buyer Beware!!  This was so not worth $9.48! Especially so, since it had an attached price tag of $4.95! Let the buyer beware in this case. I hate getting ripped off!!!
Broken leg!  One of Elsa's legs is completely turned in, so her foot is pointing at the other leg.  And that's how it's sewn so I cannot fix it unless I cut the leg off and re-sew it.  It looks totally ridiculous.  Thankfully, her skirt is long and it covers the legs.  And really, my daughter could care less about her legs.  She was just thrilled to receive an Elsa doll!  But I'm pretty disappointed in this purchase.  If my daughter wouldn't melt down if I removed this doll from her grip for a second, I'd return or exchange it.
This did NOT look like the picture  This did NOT look like the picture.  It also fell apart in less than 12 hours from it arriving!!  DO NOT BUY!
Not an attention grabber  Did not grab my 2 year olds attention as I expected. Hard to put on and take off hats for little hands. Limited repertoire of songs and games.
Can't hear it  This is a small doll.  It would be cute, but you can barely hear the words.  I have to put it right up to my ear to really hear it.  Also, you can't change the batteries.  As soon as this dies down (which will probably be after my son pushes it a bunch of times), it's worthless.
Elmo ALWAYS "has an accident".  Our toddler loves Elmo so we thought this would be a great gift.  As others mentioned it doesn't register when he's on the potty and he just keeps repeating himself saying "Elmo has to go potty.  Will you help Elmo go to the potty?  OOPS!  Elmo had an accident, etc."  I found myself frustrated and trying so hard to help him sit on that little toilet.  Only ONCE has he successfully gone to the potty.  ONCE in five months!  The concept of the toy is great, but confusing for a toddler since it doesn't work.  There is no reason for such a poor toy design!
Bought this for Christmas for our 16 month old granddaughter.  She used it only a couple times before it totally quit working. Batteries were not the problem.  I changed those.  Still nothing.  And now I can't return it. It's 13 days too late.
Cheap. Get what ya pay for
Disappointed.  Unfortunately I got this as a gift for a 2 year old and didn't have time to return it and wait for another shipment. I received Pua with a known hole-known as in a sticker with an arrow was pointing at the hole. Luckily I had the necessities to sew it closed.
They would have been cute if all talked.  Only two tales for me :( I have to return them
Would not recommend  Very cheaply made. Hair was thin and wispy.
Sent me a messed up doll...  Was sent a hello kitty with its bow missing. My little girl noticed immediately, otherwise I wouldn't have known. We're pretty disappointed...
Falling apart 1.5 months later with little use  Elmo is cute and soft but poorly made. I missed the return window so I'm stuck with it until I find a good replacement. It was a Christmas present and now it's the beginning of February and falling apart. Pieces of red sting and fuzz fall off constantly. Disappointing
Cute, but not snuggly  Cute, but not at all soft or snuggly
Talking Ben didn't deliver  I bought Talking Tom and Talking Ben for my grandsons. Talking Tom was great, just like the app. It talked and recorded their voices similar to the app. I was disappointed with the Talking Ben. He did some of the same things as the app on my phone but did not record my grandsons voices and play it back. The prices of the two toys were almost the same. I feel that I did not get my moneys worth with the Talking Ben, very disappointed.
Item shipped was completely different than the one pictured.  The one I received was 6" instead of 8".  It also has its arms in the air vs. together and it has a string and suction cup on it.
Cheaply made  I washed this per the instructions on gentle and the item fell apart. The spikes on the back all separated and a hole appeared on the tail next to the back spikes. After a closer inspection I noticed that it had been glued shut instead of sewn. I am very disappointed with this product and would not purchase again knowing of the short cuts the company makes. How hard is it to sew a product shut?
Get Your Sewing Kit Out  First day it got here, I was mending a giant hole on it right out of the package! While I stitched that one up, my kiddo finds another one! Poorly made. The wire inside to shape shift it was nice, but it was NOT worth the cost. I wonder how long it will last...
This is a joke! I just ordered this for my Grandson, and believe me it is too small to hug, it is on a keychain! I was very disappointed because I had recently ordered the poppy doll for my granddaughter for about the same price. My grandson really loved my granddaughters troll so he wanted the boy one Branch. You can only imagine what he thought when my daughter gave it to him. It was so sad and pathetic looking next to the doll my granddaughter just received.
Thanks but no thanks!  Loved the elephant but WHY the new price? Crafters cannot afford this. Looking elsewhere.
Too close together  The stuffed animals are hanging too close together they are like on top of each other but the baby don't care
Seems like someone might have messed up the my order  Wasn't as large as I thought it was going to be. 15" is large, but not sure I received the 15" stewart minion. Seems like someone might have messed up the my order. Giving me a smaller minion by mistake. I was disappointed with the size, However the person I bought the minion for still loved the gift.
Chinese knock off.
Disappointed  absolutely not the "togepi" that i've expect. He's ugly and not like the photo show. This product is a lie
Much smaller than I thought.
Caveat Emptor!  Not received as shown in picture. Character was distorted and not as depicted.
Voice box die on first day - lots of torn seams  This is very very poor quality.  There was tears in it straight out of the box and the voice box was activated while in shipping box so it was broken the first day even with fresh batteries, it just talks once when turned off and on and that is it.  I tried sewing carrot nose back on to keep it but there are so many rips in the very cheap fabric I'm sorry to say this amazon purchase is going to be returned.  I just hope my son doesn't cry when I have to ship out poor broken Olaf.
Two-eyed minion NOT one-eyed minion  I ordered these because they show a one-eyed minion (Stuart) but what I received was a two-eyed minion.  The eyes were also VERY small and didn't even look like minion eyes!  I returned them the next day.  My daughter was greatly disappointed.
DISAPPOINTED.....Not the product i was waiting for...  Shipping was fast, thats the only thing i liked about this.  About the plushes, well they sure are smaller than expected, but they list the dimensions in the description, so no complains on it. . The THING is i got a chinese look a like plushes rather than the ones by Sanei, not even close to the ones on the photo, im sending them back hoping to get the real deal, or full refund
CHOKING HAZZARD- DO NOT BUY  This thing has choking hazzard written all over it. The finger puppet and the flag both can EASIly be choked on, in fact my son just did choke on the flag today, luckily he was under close supervision as he should be and we grabbed it out of his mouth as he was gagging on it. Think about your child and stay away from this toy.
Satan.  This is the worst toy I've purchased for my 13 month old son. It's super annoying, and has almost zero variation on what is said.  If you wish to simply remove the gimmick hates and operate it as an Elmo doll, it will bark orders at you to place a hat on his head.  I will likely "forget" this at grandma's house.
it stopt moveing its legs
I found very BAD quality, it's counterfeit  Very cheap price. But when I opened the package, I found very BAD quality, it's counterfeit! I recommend no one to buy it!!!
Be warned if its not in the product description. These things are tiny. Two of them fit in our mailbox along with our other mail. Its not worth $10 in my opinion. Could be my fault, they may have described that but my daughter placed the order.
Kinda low quality. Smaller than expected.
Buckles are not safe  My son likes this and will occasionally play with it but I am not sure what is "child proof" about the buckles.  He is 21 months old and has pinched his fingers a couple of times with the buckles.  One time he cried b/c his finger was stuck in the buckle and I had to free his finger.  They appear to be regular buckles and I don't see anything child proof about it.  I'm actually upset because I bought this product specifically because it said it was child proof.  Update 9/1/16: Seller (Seth) contacted me to inform me that "child-friendly" is not the same thing as "child-proof." He explained that "child-friendly" seems means small buckles.  I appreciated the clarification and he did apologize.  However, Seth then became defensive and rude by stating "no where does it say the buckles are child-proof ..." Yikes. A simple explanation and apology would have sufficed. Not a good way to treat customers.
Covered with grease/dirt marks  This is not the crash bandicoot that is shown, what arrived is a much cheaper version. It also had several black marks all over the face.
Ears Have Loud Crinkle Paper in Them!  The ears have crinkle paper in them!  I guess that's fine if it is what you are looking for.  But I was looking for a soft cuddly toy for bedtime and loud crinkles don't fit in there.  I wish that had been listed as part of the item description.  I will be returning this item.
Terrible it never worked it made noise once then that was it!  Not sure if the batteries were bad but there is no way to replace them as it's entirely enclosed.  Extremely disappointed  and not cost effected to return
Not real pleased.  Very cheap looking. Now worth the money.
Does not look like picture but my son loves it so I gave it the extra star.
Terrible  It's was orange and only way you know it's pikachu is because of its face
was broke when we got it. it would not play the music and my son kept getting mad
Defective?  Adorable but lights stopped working after only 4 months
Didn't work  I opened the package, took the strip protecting the battery out and nothing happened. I assume the problem with the toy was a simple one concerning the battery, however, there is no opening to take the mechanism out, so you'd have to remove the stitching, try to figure out the problem, and stitch it back up. I knew from reading other reviews that this could happen. What I didn't expect was the horrible customer service. I notified the seller that it was broken on arrival and they sent me a form letter telling me to ship it back for a refund or replacement. The only problem was that they wanted me to pay for shipping which would have cost me as much as the toy itself. I replied that I didn't want to have to ship it back due to the cost, and asked if there was another way to work it out. I again received a form letter with the same information to ship it back. I finally got my money back after filing a grievance with Amazon. Never buying from this seller again!
Doesn't Talk  I don't know if it never spoke or if it was just broken, but no talkie talkie and no instructions on how to make it talk.  Extra disappointing as it was a gift for a die hard fan!
Picture  was very misleading.  Does not stand up alone.  very flimsy.
Fake  I got a fake Lucario
I'm very disappointed  The face is not nearly as cute as it is in the picture. the ears are not as floppy you can barely see if eyes and mouth. I'm very disappointed I searched so long for the perfect stuffed puppy
FAKE!!  FAKE!! Its an fake-import from china.
Poor quality. Very disappointed  Ordered this for Christmas for my daughter. When it arrived, the face was upside down. Poor quality. Very disappointed.
Can't recommend this doll.  The item I received was defective, with a foot facing backwards.  I would have to pay shipping back to China to return it.  The dress material is not the same as what is sold in the Disney store. Very very disappointed.
Junk!  Crap out of the box. The remote didn't work, the lights didn't work. Kids threw it in a corner on Christmas day and forgot about it until they asked to throw it away.
Cheaply made...lacks realistic look  This Master Shifu is poorly made and designed.  They should have done a better job of making him more realistic looking.  It also has the feel of something made cheaply.  Disappointed.
This toy looks cheap when I brought it the hair didn't have to much stuffing and the tail is flat as a piece of paper also it is really small if I were you I wouldn't get this cheaply made toy
Purple Yoshi  This plush may have a Nintendo tag on it, but it is a poorly made, cheap looking item.  It does not match the products I would consider being 100% Nintendo products, the saddle on his back was very poorly cut felt, and just made it not worth the money I spent on it.  When looking for a good Mario plush product, I would stick to Global Holdings items, they are the best plush product on the market when it comes to Mario-related items.
Umbreon sure is cute  Too bad I didn't get an Umbreon. The company substituted a Mew doll instead, even though on the page makes no mention of substitutions. My daughter was disappointed as this was for her, for her birthday. I will not use these folks again.
Shame on you Jazwares  This plush toy is advertised as 7inches when in reality it is more like 3. Not worth the money. Buy a Funko figure instead with that cash.
There were huge rips in it when i got it.  I ordered this for my child's birthday and there was a huge hole in its neck when it came out of the package and one of its arms was falling off. I had to sew it up. There were also loose threads randomly. My daughter loved it though so it's not all bad.
Size not as expected  Much smaller than expected.  Previously had this item in a much larger size. Very disappointed.
Very poor quality.  Worked for about 3 weeks and no longer functions. Very poor quality.
Ordered "plush" and received a plastic toy that you can do nothing with.  Bummer!
Grrrrrr @ Elmo  This came for my daughter's 2nd birthday.  First of all, we had no issues downloading the software onto my very slooooow 90's computer.  We input all of her favorites and loaded the doll itself.  Very cute the first time he said her name.  But now it's like what's the point in having this doll?  *He is totally off 'schedule'.  There is no reason for setting the schedule if he is just going to go off at all times of the night.  It scared the bejesus out of me at 2:30 one morning when I heard it through my daughter's monitor saying "Hey Makayla! Let's Play!".  Then during the daytime, he sings his night time songs.  *In the 3 weeks we've had it, he has never mentioned her favorites but only once.  That's just not sufficient for a toy I thought was supposed to be so great.  *He never mentions any people in her life like myself or my fiance as we had programmed.  This doll never gets played with, so I wonder if any toy store would want to take it back out of package because of all the defect reports?
Not happy: (  I did not actually receive the item described,pictured,or expected. I received a four inch,zippered key chain. Not happy:(
fake plush  First the word nintendo on his hat spell out Ninlendo. How can you miss this. This plush is a fake and I do not recommend buying this.
Not your typical favorite plush  Not what I expected in typical plushes. There is too much stuffing for it to bend without probably ripping at the seams. It cannot stand on its own either, which makes this plush rather difficult to enjoy. The Lapras was tightly packed into the package, which caused its head to bend at an awkward angle. Mine also had a green mark above one of its eyes, which ruined the appearance. Within 2 minutes of opening the package, I quickly sealed it away again for return. I then ordered Banpresto's Lapras plush, which looks more realistic and may be free-standing. I have not received it yet, so I may provide an update when I do.  Update: The Banpresto Lapras plush arrived, and it looks amazing! It came in a large package so it was not crumpled. It also is free-standing. The details are just amazing! Plus, it came with the tag, so I'm sure it's real. Banpresto's Lapras plush is a must-have!
Not worth it I'm pretty pissed  Wtf I paid more for shipping n handling than for the item and it's the size of my phone... Not worth it I'm pretty pissed
As requested I wanted a black plush but I received a gray colored Yoshi. Being so close to the holiday I wouldnt be able to return this item and get what I originally order which was the black one please check the color next time
Item arrived quickly  However, the barney voice sounded like a 60 year old man, not what i thought it would and it scares my daughter half to death, definitely not what the real barney sounds like, will be returning this product.
Smaller than expected, unable to stand on it's own.  Not exactly what we were looking for.
Wasn't what I expected
Not fluffy and not even soft!!  This toy is not fluffy at all.  It is not even soft, but made with cheap, scratchy material that you would expect from a toy that came out of a claw machine or carnival.  My daughter likes it, but was disappointed it that it isn't fluffy.  I would expect to pay no more than a few dollars for a toy of this quality but instead I paid over $35.  Definitely a waste of money!!!
Isn't as flexible as I thought it would be..
I purchased Cora for my daughter's first Christmas in 2015 after having Scout for my son and wanting something a little different.  After Christmas I found that their website had been hacked and was completely unavailable so I was unable to customize Cora.  I looked everywhere for several months trying to figure out where I could access the program in order to customize her to no avail.  It didn't really matter, as a month or so in the power button stopped working, so we had to open up her back and switch the power switch on and off to turn her on.  Scout would respond to any button pushed at any time but Cora required pushing that power button first which my daughter couldn't figure out herself.  After having Cora 6 months the button that turns on the music stopped working as well, which was the only feature we actually used since we couldn't customize her.  We've had our Scout 4 years now and he's still going strong.
Great for party  Great for party. Ok qulity but the company shorted me 3 out of my package and refused to replace the missing  items. Frustrating when u need a specific amount for party favors.
Doesnt work  I don't know how to contact someone but Im VERY disappointed.  Though I received it awhile ago I just now tested it and it doesnt work.  I tried replacing the batteries and everything.  I cant return it because Christmas is two days away.  Im really sad because this is my daughters first Christmas.  She loves Elmo and I was really looking forward to her having a talking Elmo doll.
False advertisement. You will not get what you see in the description photo  Item does not look like the description really displeased I will be returning the item
Sorta kinda looks like the picture  It's the ugliest scruffiest thing I've seen and not worth the price but granddaughter wouldn't part with it. She said close enough but not really to me..it is very orange and shaggy.. Sorta kinda looks like the picture...
freak of nature
Dead after puting in water  Suppose to be a bath toy so when we put it in water (making sure it was sealed up tight) we were kinda disappointed when it stopped working after one bath
returned
Disappointed because the item listing is for Peppa & George but I received Mommy & Daddy Pig. The quality is nice for the price but was really wanting the characters I ordered.
Dissapointed  I have a 12 inch Cartman and Stan plushies and I wanted to add Kyle. This lists as 10 inches, it's not. It's eight.
Poor quality, there was a hole in the seen with stuffing coming out and the pink fabric was faded and discolored.
but really adorable for a gift to a kid  Received my package EXTREMLY LATE! Im thinking about returning because i don't even want to as much as i did. But overall its a cute little minion not as big as i hoped, but really adorable for a gift to a kid.
Picture shows set, need to read carefully
Looks like with black  Arrived flawed on the top. Looks like with black marker
Not really a Plush Toy  As I mention on the title, this is not a plush toy.  It looks more like a stuffed toy which is the regular fabric with the stuff put inside.  I never get a touch or a feeling of plush toy.  If you have got your hand on Mickey Mouse or Minnie Mouse plush, you will see that this is a low quality fabric.  The skin is not soft and pleasant to touch. The thread line was not sewed beautifully.  It's made in China with SO SO quality.  With this price and its quality, I think the item is pricey or expensive.  Unless you really love your kids, I would recommend you to buy something else for them from Disney or Lego-land store plush toy.  They offer better quality.  Better yet, if you live around Asian supplies store, take your kids there, touch the Pikachu and decide if you want to get it or not in term of the price and quality.
Terrible  The ears are floppy, the pupils of the eyes aren't tailored on right, and the pose is so awkward that the plush won't stand up without falling over. What a knock off!
not what we thought we were getting  My daughter wanted a Princess Peach plush doll to go with her Mario and Luigi and Bowzer which she purchased in local retail chain stores. Peach could only be found online in our area, so we looked at all the options and decided to go with this one. The picture looked like the dress was free and loose, and made with decent quality, but when it arrived, the dress and hair was stuffed and solid.  My daughter was very disappointed. The features were slightly irregular and misshapen. It wasn't cute, pretty, or at all the quality of the other dolls she bought from local retail. It is not soft, but the material is scratchy and rough. The picture shows a red tag. What arrived was a blue tag with Japanese writing.  Beware online shopper. You really don't know what you're buying until it arrives.
Small pocket  Super cute but pocket is way too small to fit anything other than some change .
Poor quality in stitching  My daughter loves these plushies; however, George's entire nose is starting to fall off after TWO days. If I knew how to sew, it would probably be a pretty easy fix, but I don't...and she's barely touched the thing!
mutant!  horrible!!  totally distorted face, unrecognizable  does not even resemble same product (bought before, not perfect Elmo likeness the first time, but ordered again because soft, huggable, and an Elmo-loving friend in a time of need (her child passed away) needed someone/something to hug... needless to say, I could not pass off this mutant as Elmo, so my gift plan for my bereaved friend has hit a road block
very small
This is so small for the price
Not at all like the photo  My son has autism and he is obsessed with super Mario bros. He recently lost his guys and I needed to replace them. The ones in the pic are identical to the ones he lost. The ones I received are cheap knock offs. I am beyond upset considering I paid nearly $30 for cheap China fakes. The fact that these are marked as amazon choice made me feel safe that they were the real deal. That was not the case
CHEAP LOOKING  Granted this was an inexpensive purchase, but I didn't expect it to look it! When I went to visit, it was embarrassing! Even the face was different! I guess the age-old adage, "you get what you pay for," just about covers it!
Same One only $20 @ Target  I bought the same one (almost same one in size, and same talking function) at Target. It was $20. But it is pretty popular, so you can check the stock in the web, and go though the purchase before picking it up.
Got for my sons 10th birthday and I could see the disappointment on his face  Very cheaply made. Got for my sons 10th birthday and I could see the disappointment on his face. "It's not like my friends' Zekrom" :-( made me sad.
Little Disappointment  1)  This Sesame Street Squeeze A song Elmo is very small however I did not look at the dimensions when i was ordering it so i will not blame Amazon for false advertisement. 2)  Elmo does not sing a song, all he say is "La La La La" and the faster you squeeze his tummy is the faster he'll say La La La La. I'm very disappoing about that. 3)  Elmo is very very soft, you can barely hear him.
Angry Bird Review  They were ok, but just not what my dog likes.  She prefers the rubber Angry Bird toys. However, i was THRILLED at how QUICKLY it arrived!  I think it was here within 1-2 days!!
Cheaply Made  Nice looking toy. I bought it to go with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Boutique-Animal-Kingdom-13PCS-CRIB-BEDDING-SET/dp/B003MHUAKS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Boutique Animal Kingdom 13PCS CRIB BEDDING SET</a>&nbsp;and it is a perfect fit. However, after less than 4 weeks of use... and by 'use' I mean sitting in my daughter's crib (she's a newborn so it wasn't being played with or handled much at all), the stitching around they toy's eye has come undone!! What a disappointment.
It sucks the life out of batteries and within a week it no longer worked even with not much use. WASTE OF MONEY
A complete Knock-off  For the price I should have guessed but I gambled and lost. The picture is of what it SHOULD be but it's really not. I was so hesitant to give it to my 6 yr old cause she's such a fan I was sure she would notice. But she was like, it's ok daddy. It's like a crane machine version of the actual product. The stitching was off and the color as well. You get what you paid for. Look for exclusive Tomy Products if you want the REAL thing ok.
When I did a search for Lady Tremaine stickers this appeared but I just received it and there is not one Lady Tremaine sticker in the pack - the only sticker I needed :(
Falls off too easily
Not plush at all. Just clothes covering a hard plastic skeleton.  I have the elephant from Cuddle Barn and it's super cute. It actually is a stuffed animal and can function as a toy.  This... is not. There is NO padding at all underneath the clothes. Zip. Zero. It's just a shirt/pants covering a thin hard plastic skeleton.  It's not really appropriate for young children. It's more of a sit-on-the-shelf sort of thing.
This is a total piece of garbage! Avoid!  This is a total piece of garbage! I didn't open it until it was too late to return because the party it was for was postponed, but the stitching in several spots was open, the stuffing was coming out, and the mouth area was missing fabric! I'll order something else and have it rushed, and this is going in the trash. It isn't even good enough to donate. It's trash!
Immediately fell to pieces upon removal  I bought this figure so that my daughter could play with it. As soon as I removed it from the package, a hand and leg fell off. Just like that...didn't even touch those parts of the body and they fell out as if they were just placed in there.
Poorly made  Not worth the money. My 2 yr old was of course happy to play with Olaf, but the toy is very flimsy. The head fell off almost right away! I pulled it to show her how to play, didn't pull strong at all and it just disattached from the string. Also we would like to hear Olaf singing his summer song, but he doesn't. The frases are not very impressive
Nice but FAKE.  It's a quality plush but it's still a fake. These are not the ones that were sold by Walmart. Seen them prior to knowing how much my son enjoys these. They don't even come with the Walmart Exclusive sticker which is a big tell.
All is not what it appears to be!  Shipped from China; tracked from NY arrival; took longer from NY to MA than China to NY. Poor quality stitching - had to repair in less than 24 hours; not quality product for the age level use expected.
I was Jipped!!!!  Although it feels very soft and nice, the product I received looks a bit deformed. The mouth and eyes were sewed crooked and the sizing of the ears and arms were not matched. But it feels so soft!!!!
It fell apart really easily. It lost a button on the first day  It fell apart really easily.  It lost a button on the first day.
"Moo....ey" waste of "moo la"  doesn't really fling very well, kids liked the mooing though. Used as stocking stuffers. Since they didn't fling easily they lost there novelty quickly.
I got the china bootleg
like all the other similar toys  The dimensions for this toy are in cm instead for inches, like all the other similar toys.  It's tiny.  Don't buy it.
Love the personalization tools  Love the personalization tools, my children love the vtech toys but this bear was a fail.  My son has had two I had to return the first within the first few months because the heart button broke.  The one I got in exchange broke within a few months,  first one of the hands and then the foot and now the whole beat doesn't work
You won't get what you think.  Should have read other reviews first. If you are looking for one to be a collectors item this is not the one you want. The tag in the pic shows Tomy  buy what you get is a cheep knock off doesn't have the tag shown. I wanted them to collect when they arrived the were stuffed in plastic bags. I was disappointed so I gave them to my daughter and they both have since torn and are loosing stuffing have only had them a few weeks.
small  Smaller than expected.
Doll and slippers look nothing alike!  Not happy when I received slippers instead of the doll. When I tried to reorde the correct product the price increased by $10
Disappointed..  Purchased for my son's room. Very small, crooked, and floppy. Not happy with this purchase.
not the same as pictured.  The bunny that I got in the mail is NOT what is pictured. I needed the exact one in the picture to replace my daughters lovie. FALSE ADVERTISING. I did not get what is in the picture. Got a refund.
Price too high  I have purchased quite a few of these elephants at their regular price of about $7.  I would like to continue purchasing them but I refuse to pay $16 for one.  If amazon returns these to their regular price I am sure to buy dozens more.  Until then you will be out dozens and dozens of purchases
Dirty and used  Very disappointed. I received my gloworm with dirt on it and looking obviously used.
A bit too small for my 2 yr old
Batteries needs changed as soon as we received the product. When we changed the batteries, the old ones that came with the product exploded in the hands of the 5 year boy.
I did NOT receive the correct item,you advertised.  You said it had a vinyl head & it did not have a vinyl head it was all plush  I want the correct Woody I ordered with the vinyl head & not a used all plushed itemthat came wrapped in an old grocery bag! This was to be a Christmas gift for my grandson! I'm very dissatisfied!  You have made No Attempt toco tact me & correct this error!
Buyer beware.  Got it for my 3 year old who loves toy story. He liked it. The quality however I was disappointed with, when it showed up a lot of the stitching was coming undone and it looked like it had been returned previously and was dirty.
Rocky is a rip off in more ways than one.  My granddaughter waited a long time to complete her Paw Patrol collection. She was disappointed when she unwrapped Rocky, that is grossly overpriced, and immediately noticed the ear was cut. An attempt was made to sew around the cut to prevent fraying (?) but this item is clearly "second" quality. We are very unsatisfied as no paperwork came with the item either.
Didnt use  It comes all amashed and unimpressive looking.  Get something else unless he is really really into planes....just typing to hit word limit
Cheap  Not worth the money. The stitching wasn't great and Woody's nose looked strange. His hat wasn't all that attractive either
Too expensive for the size and quality
The best part of this is the box  The best part of this is the box, it was oddly done and very expensive for what it is. It should have been done as a plush, it's very uncomfortable to hold and frankly - overpriced. It won an award - for the box. Sad interpretation.
The roo I received was not the on pictured so no did not meet expectations
Elmo's speaker doesn't work!
disappointed  I ordered 6 of these on ebay and have to say I'm very disappointed, the "11inches" is from tip of hat and tip of toe...stretched as much as possible, body is only about 6" alot smaller then I expected, and the velcro on hands is stitched very badly, will have to re-sew them before Christmas. Had planned on tucking one in with each of my grandchildren when they went to sleep Christmas Eve but now will just set atop their stockings I guess
Product Picture/QTY Changed! Not item ordered!  When I ordered this item, it showed a picture and description of "24 piece" plants vs zombie set for $15.99.....now in checking the status of this order, it appears that this is only ONE item - not 24 items! My grandson is very upset - as we could have purchased this same *one* item for about $15 and received it much more quickly than a month! I contacted the seller and they said, "we don't have the stock for 24 pcs Model any more"....They don't have the 24 pc set in stock anymore. You would think that they would have contacted me to ask if I wanted to swap a 24 pc set for a 1 pc set, but they did not. Hopefully, they will issue a refund as they stated they would. I will not buy from  szweikin998 every again. This is not how you sell your products to achieve customer satisfaction!
Not good at all  This doll is only about 3 times bigger than the picture shown. Very small. Does not even look like Shrek. Not even worth $0.5.
Disappointed.  This looks NOTHING like the photo. This looks like Eeve's cheap sister. I'm so upset. This would have been the perfect gift for my god daughter.
Buyer beware, chance of a knockoff  Even though the description and customer pictures show the real thing, many different sellers provide this and you may get a knock off.  The left is the real 6 inch plush (with a tag) of Foxy. To the right is the supposed 6 inch plush of Funtime Foxy. It didn't come with a tag and is obviously not from Funko.
Kids hate this thing  I bought this on a cyber Monday deal for my 4 year old daughter who loves her stuffed animals more than anything......she has NOT touched this toy since she opened it.  She says it is loud and creepy and she just hates it.  I';m glad I didn't pay full price!
fake not funko at all just got it its bigger and not made by funko . not what is pictured damn thing has buttons on its chest never again
Bad quality, may not be legitimate  Really bad quality plush. Honestly, I'm not sure it's even legitimate. The stitching is just so uneven, it looks incredibly ragged, and it's actually quite uglier than the picture looks. I wouldn't buy this. Look elsewhere for the real thing.
More like a stuffed animal than a pencil case.  Bought this for my daughter for school. Sadly she has never been able to use it since the case is so stuffed that no more than two pencils fit. Cute to cuddle with, but not a pencil case.
disappointed  It's very small and too expensive..
Counterfeit Tsum Tsums  The tsum tsum I received had a loop with a chain on the back. REAL tsum tsums have no such thing.
Very Ugly and Creepy! Dont Buy!  Baby Peach was very flat and deformed. She arrived with lots of stains and looked nothing like the original Baby Princess Beach. If you try to wash the stains out her head is so big that it can not stay straight, it will just tilt over.... It's a pretty ugly doll and it's super small and expensive the for price and quality, it's also super creepy. Don't buy this doll, its not worth you money.
Be Careful,  Only getting 1 spider not 2  The description a lie.  You think that you are getting 2 spiders but really it's only 1.
Too much money for a toy and functionality takes much complications for the app and  smartphones.
Very small, not worth the money.  Very small,not worth the money.
Cheap.  Cheap.  Way too high priced.
good idea, bad design...  i was looking for a zombie toy..i saw this...and purchased it for a christmas gift. i was disappointed when i got it..it is cheap and very poorly designed.  don't waste your money, buy something else.
Hat is huge.
Not Pleased  I wish that I could give this item 1/2 a star. The puppy DID NOT dance and the song that plays is not in English.
Wrong Plush  I ordered the Kyle Plush for a Christmas gift and instead received the Kenny Plush.  It wasn't a big deal since Kenny was another favorite character, but I probably won't order again.
Bonk Choy is my son's favourite among all the plants  Bonk Choy is my son's favourite among all the plants; however, this Bonk Choy plush has the worst quality among the 5 plushes we ordered this time(the other 4 are from other sellers). The plush looks cute; however, there are big piles of glue right on both of the giant arms of the bonk choy which make it looks gross. Bad Quality! My son is very looking forward to this toy, and after waiting for a few weeks we got this... Very disappointed!
THIS ISN'T 350 BUCKS DONT BUY
Gizmo - stuffing coming out!  I purchased this Gizmo, which is really cute, but it was not sewn very well.  At the top of the leg the stuffing was coming out.  I had purchased Gizmo as a gift and was rushed for time, so I stiched it up myself instead of using the return process.
Did not return because it was a birthday present for my grandson who was disappointed because he wanted the larger one  I ordered the 8 inch but received the 5 inch. Did not return because it was a birthday present for my grandson who was disappointed because he wanted the larger one.
Doesn't work  When you press the button, nothing happens...  This is the second time we have purchased this type of device and have it not work when it arrived.  This is getting to be just a little silly.
Smaller and worst quality than expected  Smaller and worst quality than expected . Not sure what the hype was about. They weren't as cute and detailed as I had expected. I returned them.
Zipper broken upon arrival  Smaller than anticipated.  Zipper doesn't work at all.
It didn't work.  I see other postings where their snowman did not work either.  Buyer beware.
Poorly made and smashed in packaging  Product torn parts and smashed.
small  This was very small not what i was thinking it would be,, all folded up in the packaging..  was hoping to use as decor for my sons bed..
Love this Olaf  Love this Olaf, but disappointed he only sings part of one song. Is he supposed to sing the entire song or other songs?
don't buy it  It did not learn any language besides english as it advertises. But worse than that it did not learn any thing of english. The batteries also last to short.
It was cute until Elmo FLAT-LINED  We bought this doll on clearance for our 20 month old daughter at a local big box store. It's pretty darn cool when it works - ours only worked for about a week and then started doing all kinds of weird stuff (Elmo's mouth wouldn't move, cut off mid sentence, etc). Thought it was the batteries, which I promptly replaced, but that didn't fix the problem. Eventually, Elmo let out a loud, long beep, very similar to a heart rate monitor in a hospital - Elmo flatlined! He was dead. He hasn't worked since -- he can only get the word "Hi" out before he tuckers out.
Disappointed  Super disappointed. These just arrived and the box was CLEARLY opened. Figures have rubbing on them and paint missing, the packaging has been opened and then taped back together. This was not advertised as a USED product and I'm seriously annoyed that I paid so much for these.
Just Awful.  What a poor quality toy this is! First of all, it's very scruffy and raggedy like a used dog toy. Secondly, it's legs are two different lengths as are its feet. I was so disappointed with this toy. Thank you, Amazon for the prompt refund.
falling apart after 1 week  very poor quality, the first week my son got this, it began to tear up. All the figures now have holes, not in the seams, the fabric itself is falling apart. Would never buy again. I never write reviews, but was so displeased with this that felt compelled to.
Cheaply made. Stitching came off after a few days.
Wouldn't buy again  Item was not what I expected.  The sound quality was poor, very quiet; and the item itself was smaller then I anticipated.  This was a X,as gift for my 3 yr old niece.  She loved it none the less.
This was not a 6" plushie. It is about 4 inches tall and a key chain.
Doesn't look like Miss Piggy in person  Thin and odd looking face. Doesn't look like Miss Piggy in person.
BOOOOOOO  Not the right product.  Instead of a cute fuzzy ten inch fox plush I received I tiny, insane, hard, toy.  I am going to order it again and hopefully it will be the right thing.
sucks  I already have a green yoshi, and i was thinking this one was exactly like the one i own but its not, its a much lower quality product. i doubt it an offial nintendo product
Ff  Como
The hair is blue not white!  It got here on time, but instead of soul's white hair, it was BLUE! Besides that it was ok. But don't get this if you're expecting white hair.
this toy is a lot smaller than advertised, barely 12 inches tall
Needs more quality control and improvements.  I generally do not write negative reviews unless I've had multiple issues.  We purchased two 9" running and dancing Gummibar within the same month because the first one just stopped working after a day or so of pressing the tummy to make it sing and dance/run.  We tried replacing the batteries, and no success.  We are very careful and take care of our things and relay this time and time again with our kids.  After we returned the first one, we knew that we had to get a replacement, but feared the same reviews as others had about the running/singing Gummibar just stopped working.  After more research and reading reviews, we bought a different one, Official Gummibr - Talking Stuffed Gummy Bear, Sold by: dancehitsusa.  Although this one does not dance, it does mimic/repeat you if you press the right foot, and sings the song if you press the left foot.  This is a little bit bigger, about 11" tall and wider.  My son has had it with him everywhere he goes.  So, my son was still asking for the running/dancing gummibar, and we wanted to give it a second chance.  We bought another one. Same situation, played with it for about a day, not continuous, the 9" running/singing gummibar stopped working.  Again, we tried replacing the batteries, and no success.  We're returning this one and will not be ordering a3rd one until a better one comes on the market.  I just wished that they would make a better one.  We have and still have multiple bigger singing and dancing toys that dance and walks and moves for multiple years, and they still continue to work...the only thing we ever replace are the batteries.  I'm sorry to say, but this toy needs more quality control.  I wish everyone with the best of luck.
Didn't look like picture online
Not what I was wanting at all.
VERY SMALL  This is SOOOO small.  For the price, I was expecting something a bit bigger.  I mean, I wasn't expecting a big stuffed animal, but this is barely bigger than something that you would put on a keychain.  Little girl is not going to be happy on Christmas morning, that is for sure. If it wasn't so close to Christmas, I would return it and get my money back.
Bought this specifically for our trip to Europe, it did entertain my 23 months old but not as much as I hoped. I wished you could only buckle the straps with the same colors, but no, you can buckle purple with green etc... Overall is an OK toy definitely way overpriced.
Not as pictured. Ours came super flimsy, hardly any stuffing at all in the body & she is very dark orange, not the color pictured. She is quite smaller than her Princess Bubblegum counterpart even though they are listed as the sand size. Not thrilled. Especially for $11.
Looks very cheap and not like the picture  This Elmo  looks pretty cheap and the eyes are  like tabletenis balls made of plastic .very disapointed. H& M has Epmos which are 3$ less and way nicer :-(
Great concept, poor design  We got this for my 22 month old who is exploring potty training but she cannot make Elmo successful. The tiny sensor must be placed on EXACTLY the right spot; my husband and I were even having trouble doing it. The children who this is for do not have the motor development required to get it spot on every time. The sensor needs to be bigger.
Misleading. these are very small.
Cheaply Made and Doesn't Work as Expected  Very cheaply made. Neat in concept, but is simply very cheap and doesn't function correctly. Mine has some sort of connection issue; the light will not stay on. Additionally, water leaks into the device no matter how i try to seal it.
The "tardis" sound doesn't sound anything like the iconic tardis sound.  Its not even close.
No Box?!?  I paid full price for this toy and it didn't come in a box.  This is my last Amazon purchase.  What a sham.  My enormous holiday spending isn't going to be at Amazon.  I paid full price and my toy didn't come in a box.  I don't know if the accessories are missing.  Rather, my toy was sent in a zip lock back.  What kind of crap is that.
Recieved dirty  While we did receive the product quickly it is dirty and smudged all over it. Of course my son wishes to keep it but I am not impressed
Seriously disappointed  I got this to replace my daughter's glow worm that played lullabies. All it says is "Elmo's sleepy" and plays like 5 seconds of a lullaby.
Missing item from basket  Ordered two baskets. Lip balm missing from one.
doesn't come in box, but wrapped in plastic.  Doll works well and as it's cute. The problem is that it ships in a plastic bag when the site shows that it ships in a box. Ok for personal use, but not nice to give a gift in plastic bag instead of the manufacturer box... it looks used.
Excellent job.  I was afraid but you delivered on time and correctly ! The price was the same from the market as a standard price. This product has several models on the market.
cute but quality and material can be improved  It is cute and my 1yo love it but material is bad. The face peel off after my 1yo tries to bite the nose. I probably may manually scrap and peel the entire face covered in felt fabric to stop my child from eating the peel!
doesn't look like the picture
sent back was not the size as discribed
Not as Advertised  This photo depicts a plush doll, when in fact it was a bag.  There was a zipper on the back of this 'plush', and straps.  We hated it and returned the item.
Much loved, but poorly made.  This is a much loved lovey for my friend's grandchild, however it has had to be  repaired (sewn) twice.  The satin and the fleece seams at the neck separate and now the ones at the little lamb's "wrists" are separating and need repair.
The toy itself is fine.  I'm just worried its going to turn bad on us like the other one and get flames in eyes! My poor 8 yr old daughter was very traumatized.
Cute.. but small.  Cute. But you don't get much for your money. Kind of small.
After a few days Tom stopped talking back to us. I replaced the batteries and the same thing happened. Im too lazy to take it back but I wanted to give you a heads up.
Stitching on Woody's eyes make them look bloodshot!  The stitching around Woody's eyes is red which give them a bloodshot appearance and are a bit frightening, especially for a child.
Save your 200 dollars this isn't worth it.
Battery exploded inside  When my daughter opened it on Christmas morning, the batteries inside had exploded leaving the toy dangerous and unusable. Shes heartbroken.
Doll doesn't talk  This doll does not talk. Labeled on outside package as talking but it does not talk. This doll is not the one advertised nor the doll in the video on the product page. Either this was falsely advertised or the wrong package sent. Apparently, others have had the same experience today.
Stains on the shirt when I took it out of the box.
How do you mess up a plush toy?!?! Baffled.  Horribly sewn. Princess Daisy has no chin!  They've her chin to her chest. She looks so weird. Obviously it was faulty. A product that was not inspected before shipping out. Plus it took 4 weeks to arrive. All round disappointing. My daughter has princess peach and princess Rosalina and they are perfect. But sadly, princess Daisy has a horribly disfigured face.
Too small. I thought it was bigger
... picture is of a chicken but the reviews seem like they got the dog  I'm confused the picture is of a chicken but the reviews seem like they got the dog, what is it!?! I'm interested in buying it but not of it's a chicken!!
Worst pokemon seller  Worst product ive ever bought. Stiches are insanely inaccurate. Overstuffed on some parts. Hands almost detached to the body.
Buyer beware The box did not contain the plastic window ??  Seemed in tact besides the package did not have a plastic window attached like it should of, makes me wonder if this a knock off or something
Received wrong product!  I ordered this guinea pig for my daughter for Christmas. She specifically asked for a stuffed animal guinea pig, and this one had such great reviews. First of all, I DID NOT GET WHAT I ORDERED!!! I ordered this Tri-Color because we have a pet guinea pig with the same colors. When I opened the package, I was SO disappointed to see that the colors are not the same! They shipped me one that is white and light brown...not Tri-Color. I was really upset because I thought I had found the PERFECT one for my daughter. Apparently, I was wrong. I also want to mention how ugly the face is. I thought it would at least look like a guinea pig face...but it's kind of freaky looking. I am not returning this toy because Christmas is coming up and I don't want to risk not having it for her...but I am very disappointed to be giving her something that she won't be as excited about.  Don't order this product. Find a company that's more reliable.
Quality issues  Poor finishing with visible thread ends. Would have returned but not worth the effort.
It was a gift & it would not work
Don't waste your money!
It's not even fluffy!  I ordered this for my granddaughter so she could give it to her friend as a birthday gift. She and I were very disappointed. The toy is really small. The stitching is cheap and the tail is open at the bottom. The famous line in the movie "It's so fluffy I'm gonna die!" has not been proven. The toy doesn't even stand up straight. The head is so top heavy that it falls over as soon as you set it down. I found the same unicorn for only 3 dollars! I think I spent way too much. I definitely regret ordering this.
complaint  it was ripped when it came in and i want my money back or a new one for free .
ok, but poorly held together  the fin on his head doesn't stay up, he falls forward because the head is so much bigger than the body, the lining of the orange doesn't match up, and when i opened the package, he was kinda crammed in the plastic wrapping and was falling apart already. I'm disappointed.
Seems like a great toy but the buckles broke the second day it was played with.
Question  Does it rattle inside? Looking for a particular one
Barney toy too small...  it is so small, I thought it would be larger but it is too tiny, won't sit up on it's own. Not worth the money.
Total piece of trash and super ugly  If I could give this item 0 stars I would. I just received it today and it is THE ugliest thing ever. It looks NOTHING like the picture. Dingy pink and ugly light green colors. The face is super ugly as well. If I didn't want my money back I'd throw it in the trash. So upset by this item. Don't buy from this seller.
it super sucky
Cheaply made  My 10 tear old daughter had to have this. For the price I expected it to be better made. It is already droopy and won't stand up on its own :(
my son loves this. my husband and I.... well... we are about to flush it down the toilet.
Musty, stained cat.  Bought this Meowth for my boyfriend, and it arrived pretty fast to my house which was nice. When I opened the box, it smelled like an old jacket that had been left in a locker room for 10 years. It's also really stained....nothing like the picture. I'm totally embarrassed because it looks like I stole this out of a garbage can. So, I don't know what to do with it at this point. It will cost me WAY too much to return it due to its size. It's not even worth it at this point.
My kids really like these but they fall apart pretty easily (within a few days an arm came off).
Doesn't Talk  My daughter wanted a taking Joy doll. Unfortunately when i got her she didn't talk. The plastic bag says she talks, but nowhere is there a place to make her talk.
Too small, they made it seems bigger
Not worth it!  Not the best quality. The face is all messed up and its very small. Not to mention, the fur comes off pretty easily.
Just one maraca.  The picture shows two which normally they come in a pair.  Very disappointed.  I'm not going to buy another one because they are not worth $22 a set!
The toy looks quite deformed and nothing like Baby Princess Peach  The toy looks quite deformed and nothing like Baby Princess Peach, whats supposed to be a pacifier  looks like huge Kardashian lips.... its flat out ugly, but my daughter does not seem to be bothered because she is only 3 and just loves the idea of having Peach, I wanted to send the thing back but I will only be refunded $3 due to shipping charges, so i guess I just lost $10. I just cant get over how ugly it is!!!!!!!!!!! DONT BUY THIS THING
This item is a knockoff of the original, if u want the original don't buy this one
Smaller than described  This toy was much smaller than it was described. It was closer to the size of a beanie bear. It was a gift, so we just added to the gift and he seemed to like it. I was disappointed in the size vs cost.
The stiches above the mouth came unthread the first day he carried it around.
Not as pictured! What even is that?!  This is not as pictured. Horribly sewn, the fur on the neck isn't attached on the bottom, so it looks like eevee is wearing some other pokemons fur. The eyes aren't roundtheyre teardrop-shaped, which makes it look creepy and sad. The mouth is totally weird, its hard to even describe the shape. The ears flop downwards and don't have any stuffing, and the little brown piece of fabric over the black part of the ear isn't sewn down on one side. When eevee sits down on its feet, it looks down rather than outwards, meaning you look at the top of its head and it looks totally sad and weird. The sellers should be required to have a picture of the actual product, not use someones elses product photo.
warning don't bye  Do not bye its has many holes it , poorly stiched , disformed face , large head , Orange thing is round not spikey , this product should be reported and taken off of Amazon don't bye.
Had to return item in a week after purchase. Unicorn broke we were very DISSATISFIED with the item......
Does not look like picture  Does not look like picture.
buy one that cost a bit more, you'll be much more satisfied  Obviously bootleg, didn't look like the picture at all, if I didn't know how to sew it would have been a total waste of money
This doll is creepy af.
NOT as big as it says! tiny animal will be returning
Great animals, new horrible price  Will not be paying $10 more for them now!!
Cheap product  Came in a generic brown cardboard box. No packing list either. Velcro on back doesn't stay closed and the edge of the Velcro is rough. Want to return it, but my grandbaby loves it.
Maybe if someone is looking for a travel size he would be perfect.  Ok so it says that he is 10", well they are not lying goofy is 10" if you stretch him out meaning the hat doesn't stay up, instead its hanging back, so when you put him down completely flat he  measures 10" otherwise he is about 9" really small.  Maybe if someone is looking for a travel size he would be perfect.
What a disappointment!  I bought this for my niece, who has recently fell in love with the Gremlins movies. Not even a day after she got it, his foot fell off. Not to mention you can clearly see that his feet, hands, ears and mouth were simply glued on. I wouldn't recommend this toy to anyone.
It's so small!! I thought that for the price it was a cute plush pillow for my niece to put on her bed for decoration but it is as small as my hand.
Waking sleeping children is not "Smart"  Why would you design a toy with lullaby songs and then make it talk in a loud, obnoxious voice about holidays and whatever else? My older son has the other brand of talking animal toy and loves using it to listen to music to drift off to. Since we didn't want them to mix their toys up, we got our younger son this Cody toy, big mistake. Sure it's more customizable, but the main reason we use it is to play lullabies to get him to sleep and on several occasions, the inane chatter after 30 minutes of lullabies has woken him back up. I regret not purchasing another of the other brand. Other things I don't like about this brand: -Quieter volume setting is LOUD -Buttons are too easy to push, heaven forbid you accidentally touch him after your kid has managed to sleep through the chatter after the lullabies or he'll start blabbing some more -Eats batteries too quickly -It starts talking about holidays at least 2 months in advance and says they're "next month". My son's birthday is in May, we set it up to know that, but in December it is telling him that his birthday is next month. Since when does May come directly after December?  The only redeeming feature of this toy is that it makes my son happy. That's the only reason it hasn't made it into the donation box yet.
Cute giraffe, arrives with neck broken  Really wanted this to work out as a gift, but unfortunately the giraffe is put into bag/box that's too small and the neck gets folded in half and won't stand up.  Ordered it twice thinking first order was a mis-packaging error, but the second one arrived same way.  Had to return it as well.
Eww  I hate it
Very disappointed. Paid 25 buvk for a scam  We got the carnival stand version yesterday. No boc, no tags. Nothing official about it. Looks cheap. Very disappointed. Paid 25 buvk for a scam. Wondering if I should bother trying to return.
Pilling  It's great quality and it's really nice and it's the size I wanted it just pilled alot and looks super dirty even though I had only had it for a few days
Knock off. DO NOT BUY  Complete knock off doll. I got a refund but I want my actual product too.
Very dissatisfied  Very Disappointed. Advertised As authentic but fake. Looks like a prize machine toy. Would not recommend.
Bootleg  These super cheap listings are for bootleg products, do not buy if you wish to actually support The Pokemon Company and Nintendo.
Daughter didn't realy like it.  She said It was like something you could of won at the fair. Not plush at all.
Ehhhhh....  It was lot BIGGER than I thought so that was a positive but it is so floppy...I wanted the doll to sit up like shown in the pix but that is impossible.  the head will flap back and the legs and arms are all twisted...It was lot uglier than the picture too... I wouldn't recommend it...I wanted to display this as part of the Decor for the Dr. Seuss birthday party but I don't know how I would do it. I might need to glue it onto a sit or something...
Fat Charizard!  Don't even look like Charizard!! Photo posted at Ads is misleading
One reason to hate buying kids stuff on internet  One reason to hate buying kids stuff on internet, bought this for my 2yrs old nephew and had it shipped to him. He loved it so much even though the batteries were totally dead and made no sounds when squeezed. His parents were totally frustrated when they could not figured out how to change batteries.  Guess what, you can't change the batteries, what a stupid design. I offered to send it back and get a refund or try to get a working one, but the kid won't part with it. If I hadn't bought it really cheap I'd be really pissed. SO BUYER BEWARE, THIS TOY WILL EVENTUALLY DISAPPOINT YOU KID WHEN THE BATTERY DIES AND YOU CANT REPLACE THEM.
Ive waited 3 weeks for a bootleg...  Terrible toy, it looks so bootlegged I noticed it wasn't an official Funko. Very dissapointed, hope I get my refund..
I didn't like that you have to keep pushing the belly for every note he sings, I wish one squeeze would have him sing the whole song.
This product was not very "plush" it was very stiff and had issues with it falling apart already. :(
Not authentic  Overpriced for this stuffed thing and son said its not right.  It doesn't have a hook!
This price doesn't reflect the reason it's not a Disney product  Looks just like the Disney store version of the plush Elsa. I don't even understand why it's 47 dollars though. Even if I could get the cheapest one, that's still an insult. It's a different company! It's not like it's a Disney store one. Please stop this. I don't like knowing there's gouging still going on.
I paid $17 for this thing? It didn't come on time with my two day shipping. 1 day late for Halloween. My fault for ordering last minute, but if its says two day shipping it shouldnt of mattered. The actual item is not plush and it made of a cheap feeling felt. Worst part is my daughter loves it and I can return it now..
Gund Gigi Play Time Doll Plush Not as Pictured.  I am very disappointed in this doll!  It barely resembles the picture posted.  I received a washed out pastel version.  Even the facial features were pale.  I am returning it.  The quality of the doll is not very good especially considering the price.
Horribly disappointed!  This is a fake Tsum Tsum. It is not real. Horribly disappointed!
No  Chinese knockoff
Price is too high compared to the size of the game
Cheap knockoff  Poor quality, not the licensed product.
Disappointed  My son LOVED him, but within 2 weeks of play his arm came off.
not worth it  Product way too small for the price.  Product not bigger then a cell phone. Quality is poor. I don't think my granddaughter would even be able to buckle the buckles.
Yellow, Not Brown. Not Officially Licensed.  Like others have said, the most recent version I got in December was yellow. My son said "I thought it was an emoji". It was a filler Christmas gift, so he didn't really care one way or another.
it was at the seem so it could easily be fixed  This was not the same fabric as the ones sold in the stores. Mine also came with a small tear in it...it was at the seem so it could easily be fixed.
Details  The one I have is fake don't buy
This is the Clover we received  I was expecting the Clover that was pictured. My daughter has the one that is pictured but lost it. I received a different one. I guess she likes it but it's not the same....
Beware Chinese sellers!!!!  Be careful who you buy this from, mine came from China and turned out to be a terrible bootleg.  There are small stains on the dress and it doesn't look exactly like the picture (hair style wise). Awful! This is suppose to be a Christmas gift and I feel absolutely embarrassed giving this!  "Sweet me"  I believe is the sellers name, avoid!  Only good thing was how fast the shipping was.
Poorly made but the kids love it  We just purchased this for my daughter's 4th birthday. She loves Frozen and this was one of only toys that was "reasonably" priced. With that being said it fell apart after about an hour. My 5 year old son loves it too and gave it a good pull and now it is in 3 pieces. The kids think it is a better toy now but we are not so pleased.
SHIPPED IN A ZIPLOC BAG AND WAS DIRTY  it shipped in a Ziploc bag, and was dirty when it arrived. won't buy again! 2/10
Daughter loves this item but unfortunately with in 24 hours of her opening it the wings ripped right off leaving a whole in the Pegasus back.  Fortunately we have a person who can sew in the family and fixed it right up so my daughter can still love it.  Wish it was a better product so that would not have happened.
Very disappointed in this item  Very disappointed in this item. The size, the price and the length of time to receive it. I ordered it with another item from the same group and it wasn't anything like the other item that arrived on time for the holiday
Not the same  Did not receive the item pictured, it was charmander but not same one in picture
Disapppointed  Cheap looking.  A toy you would get out of a claw machine.  Thought the brand was p supposed to be better.
Its not worth it  Too small and it's not even loud enough to hear. And what about the off button don't exist so it's gonna giggle until the battery is dead. Pointless product.
Broken Head--Broken Heart  This is my daughter's absolute favorite doll. We're on our second one because the head keeps snapping off. Take my advice and pick another doll or make sure to order a spare.
Does not look like the picture at all  Does not look like the picture at all, but a cheap knock off. My son decided to keep it anyway.
Gizmo not so good.  this toy was very sloppily put together, there's little glue pieces falling off of it with chuncks of fur. it's real clear to me looking at it if i let the kid play with it who i bought it for it is going to just fall apart. Very low quality, i would not recommend anyone buy this toy for any reason. pay a little more for better quality.
Didn't work for me  The toy is kind of deflated....and really small. Not very huggable.
The set repeats whale and does not contain turtle.
So scary made the baby cry  This is the most horrific backpack.  The eyes look scary and the fur is all matted and scary too.  I'll attach a picture of it's head when I get home so you are warned before buying it.  The baby was crying when i tried to get him to look at it.
This looks absolutely nothing like the picture  I just received this in the mail today, but it is not at all what I originally ordered. This looks absolutely nothing like the picture, nor does it look anything like the description. I am unsatisfied. I received a chibi version of the plush, I just wanted this one.
Very cheaply made....  This little guy pretty much came apart on day 2 at the office, wouldn't buy it again, was in the trash shortly after getting it.
It says it's a 12 inch plush in the product description, but under the product dimensions it says it's 8 inches.. Kind of misleading. It's a lot smaller than I thought it would be. It's my fault for not seeing this when I bought it, but it clearly says 12 inches in the description. Not fair.
Voice is wrong  Cute but the voice is wayy off. I am most likely going to remove the sound box and just have it as a stuffy.
Not happy!!  My 4 year old wanted this for Christmas.  Unfortunately, on the bottom of one of the feet it says baby's first Christmas.  Very disappointing and it's now too close to Christmas to get a replacement.  Not happy!!
VERY Disappointing Quality in a Plush  I have two children who LOVE anything Mario or Sonic related.  My 9 yr old son decided he wanted a black Yoshi to go along with his officially licensed green one.  I ordered it for Valentine's Day knowing how excited he would be.  I received the item and was VERY disappointed.  The item is black but they used WHITE thread to sew it together.  The stitching along both arms and both legs were loose/stretched so that you could see the white threads everywhere.  In addition, there was a white "knot" of thread on the top of the head.  At first I thought it was stuffing coming through a hole.  Turns out it was just a bunch of threading.  Based on how rough they play with their other stuffed toys, this wouldn't have lasted a week.  Overall, I was incredibly unsatisfied and I returned the item.  If you are looking for something to just sit on a shelf for display, the item may work for you.  If you want it for actual use by a child, keep looking
Eye was sewn on sideways and the hair comes out.
No good  I wish I could give no stars. it came ripped and did not look nothing like the picture
I got GOT  It said it was new but it didn't look or smell new. It was also missing the tags. I would of returned it but it was too much hassle. I still might though if o get around to it.
Don't waste your money.  Not what I ordered. Completely horrible replica. Don't waste your money, this is the worst possible gift you can ever buy.
My baby despises this...I still remember my glowworm wow
Disappointed with Elmo  Elmo was much smaller than I expected. I have seen at least one other in a major children's store that was twice the size for 60% of the cost!
The item shown is not what you receive. You do not receive a TOMY plush.  It is a counterfeit  plush that does not even resemble the one shown.
Save your money  I ordered this for my daughters birthday- not only did it NOT arrive in time within 2 hours of opening it the teletubbies face started peeling off! A major waste of money. It's cute but it's small and not well made
not impressed  Not very much room on the inside for change, its stuffed and not made very well
Love Miss Piggy, don't like this plush, especially the hair.  This plush is poorly made.  Miss Piggy's hair is severely matted and falls out constantly.  Her hair falls out while being played with, doing puppet shows with Kermit and other Muppet plush stuffed animals, or when we even try to fluff up her hair it just falls out in clumps.  This toy requires that we constantly clean up after it.  I am surprised this is a Disney certified toy.
The quality is not good at waste of money
Much smaller than the picture leads you to believe  Way smaller than it looks in the pictures.
Pretty sure its possesed  Doll is small and creepy, Im pretty sure its speaking in Chinese and its had a terrorizing giggle.
Too much money for so little product.  For what I paid for this I expected it to be a decent size.  Its about the size of my arm and very disappointed on what they charged.  I thought it was a ridiculous price to begin with, but if it was at least half the size of me I wouldnt have minded paying that price.  Absolutely ridiculous price for a stuffed animal.
Watch the wording 4 Elmo's. Ask questions  I was very upset as my daughter is 19 and disabled and her Elmo broke. We ordered another online as it said it was in very good condition. Saying that the Elmo'shape shape is what she meant was in very good condition when people say it is in very good condition you would know and you shouldn't have to assume that would mean it laughs giggles and vibrates. It did not vibrate. It did laugh and Giggle as she stated reading back what it said, now it didn't say anything about vibrate. Hopefully we can return it very upset that I have to go through the process of this and pretty much lost my money. Now my daughter is going to go through when she sees this as she did! You do not want to know how this affected her ... she is 19  it's severely disabled  and this  she was so excited and affected her mentally and emotionally had to go through this! Not cool. People if you can ask questions and I saw that some things that you order it lets you. Watch the verbiage. This is why I never order things online!!!
Broken on arrival!  This toy arrived broken! I ordered it for a gift and I was so embarrassed that it didn't work. My goddaughter just turned three and didn't understand why it didn't work even after we changed the batteries. I sent it back today and I am hopefully I will receive a refund for the purchase price.
I was not impressed that I paid 39.00 and to my surprise when I got the doll. A price tag on the box was 10.99
You may not get a dozen  Description of this product states you will receive 12 (one dozen) however, I only received 10 (ten).  Customer service offered a small discount if I kept the 10 items or choice of returning.  I wanted Customer Service to send me the 2 items that were missing from my order or send me a replacement order of the 12 items.  They did not do that.  Product still being sold so if you order, your package will probably only have 10 figures in it.  Beware!
USB cord tempermental  TO ANYONE LOOKING TO PURCHASE __ BE SURE YOURE GETTING THE LATEST MODEL! you risk getting a model that is several years old (like the 2014 models) where the USB cord is not only outdated (so your computer won't properly read it) but the oldest verision of micro USB cable that no longer works.. my computer recognizes that someone was attached - but fails to communicate w the bear... additionally - this model (2014 model) only talks when on/off ear is pressed (which is too complicated for infants to figure out) so they lose interest in the toy..... you can personalize the toy to the "T" -- but it doesnt matter if the baby doesnt know how to turn it on, and you cannot program it..
I just received my plush toy. The box was Hadley damaged as if it were mangled and taped back together. Cookie Monster did not sing. I replaced the batteries as my toddler was excited to play with the toy. However that didn't help. It is broken .
Not Official, poor quality............disappointing  When this doll came it had the tags removed and the name on the hat was "Ninlendo", not "Nintendo".........obviously a cheap knock off.  Very disappointing!
VERY SMALL not worth the money it was a waste
They must have switched suppliers from what is displayed in the photo, as the plushie I received had the helmet set very far back on the head, almost behind it; the eyes are completely different, with the a thick section of light blue threading added, and the eyes themselves are placed at a weird angle, giving him a derpy face.
Not authentic  Not authentic ..no embroidered patch on left foot as described...face of mickey is white compared to beige coloring of doll as shown in pictures. Very dissatsified. Returned item
I'm very disappointed!!  Cute doll and very plush. The problem is that the seller didn't even take the time to see if the button for the one phrase he says worked or not....well not it was! Supposed to be for a gift exchange in the next few days, but I can't give a broken toy. I'm very disappointed!!
The noises this thing makes are the most annoying ever.
Great job thanks!!
People like this make me sick  People like this make me sick. Don't go to the store or order something just so you can up the price 3x or more higher for you to make a profit off of...  Don't waste your money, it's 16.99 and is like the original To My plush. Not soft, and you can get the all star version or pokemon center version which is so much softer and better
Save your money  It was not the Poppy doll advertised . It is smaller, in a plastic bag and it has a tag that says DJ Suki , which is another character from the movie. Very disappointed
Terrible....ugh
Doesn't sound anything like Barney.  Hmm. Doesn't sound anything like Barney.
Thumbs down
Not that great  We got these as a present for our son but when we got them they were smashed and looked so silly.  They weren't realistic at all.  We sent them back.
box ripped and toy broken. had to return it.
You get what you pay for  They are cute and a good size, for the price I can't complain too much so that's why I give it 2 stars,  they all fell apart 4 of them were torn when I got them,  I have e had to sew all of them at least once some of them 2 and even 3 times.
The switch was in the "on" position and the battery was dead when recieved.
like the item implies  This plush doll is incredibly small for the price. The measurements are not in inches, like the item implies. Do not buy if you are looking for a large plush toy.
Disappointed!  Will not recommend..was really small.
Cheap  Cheap making for the high price.
Ordered it and never got it  Ordered it for Christmas and never got it. Very disappointing as it was a present for my daughter. Was not able to get replacement.
Head alittle for a two year old
Derp  Looks like he had a stroke.
Disappointment  Even though it is labeled and described as a "talking plush," it does not talk.  I will be returning it.  I am disappointed.
Back of the stuffed animal ripped immediately but my 7 year old adores.
Poor quality  Colour, design, character, craftsmanship, all wrong...Not as pictured. Would not purchase even if it was the last one left. :(
Much smaller than expected for the price I paid.
A waste of money and time  I've purchased two of them, It was a big disappointment for my kids.  One of them no longer work after a few months and the other became speak in a strange way. (Refresh button at the bottom did not work)  It does not speak or respond to any word so without the program it's useless.  Consumes batteries in less than 4 days and recharge the batteries and the opening and closure of the furby is boring and a waste of time.  Very old application has not been updated for a long time.
Extremely disappointed. I bought a Mario Plush toy from target and it is great quality! I thought this luigi will be the same, but it is much smaller and the quality is terrible
cheap Chinese knock off  THIS IS NOT THE PLUSH FROM SUPERMARIOLOGAN! I bought it for my 8 yr old son and it was completely wrong, it's way too CHEAP, and the appearance is different from the picture! DO NOT BUY IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THE BLACK YOSHI FROM LOGAN!
Much smaller than expected. Not to mention the hair and head is weird.
waste of money  I'm with the others here....waste of money, doesn't work.  I'm sure it would be fine if it worked.
Not so perfect Plue Plush :(  Editing my review because Poor Plue is falling apart.  I've had him since June, I think?  Since that time, both of his little eyes have popped off so now he just looks ridiculous.  I'm super upset because I was incredibly excited about my purchase at first.  Maybe it's just this particular plushie, but having both of his eyes fall out when he basically sits on a shelf is not acceptable.  I'm quite let down.  I love Fairy Tail, and Plue is one of my favorite characters! He's just absolutely adorable! When I saw this plush, I had to have it.  It is perfect! It's little so it can sit on my work desk, and it's a wonderful quality.  It looks just like the Manga/Anime, and he's just so darned huggable! He did come with a ginormous tag on his side, which I cut off, but aside from that, his stitching is excellent and he seems well put together.  I'm going to go back and purchase Happy and all the other plush characters now!
my son wasn't happy... thanks  I thought it wold have had the pull cord on the back and talk this item was just a stuffed character.. not very happy at all....
Eh  Did not come with the little girl. Disappointed.
Not happy that this small frog cost me $20  Not happy that this small frog cost me $20.00 since I could have gotten this frog for the same price but bigger.
Not What I Expected  I ordered the "mini" 12 Tinkerbell last week for a birthday and was pleasantly surprised when it came in! It was great quality and awesome in size!!  So...thinking this would be the same, I ordered it. WRONG. The quality looks so so but the doll is MAYBE 8" tall NOT 12" like the listing states and NOWHERE near the same caliber as the Tinkerbell I bought before. Bummed...was supposed to be an Easter gift.
Adorable elephant but horrible price!  This elephant is adorable! The price has more than doubled over the past few months though.  Very disappointing.  I would definitely purchase again if it were to drop back down to it's original pricing $6.59-$7.96 but will absolutely not purchase again at this price, it's not worth it.
Cheaply made  Poorly made. My 3 yr old granddaughter pulled his nose off the elastic cord in the first 6 hours. This was one of her 3rd birthday gifts.  She burst into tears and is still very unhappy about it the next day.
Strange looking  Looks not at all like the picture, super-strange, the tongue is attached to the chin bit all the way through.
Fun noise when they hit something  This is a fun toy with the exception of the difficulty of shooting it.  It is difficult to get your fingers into the little pockets and hard to pull back.  My children couldn't do it.  But it is a cute product and does make a very loud, recognizable animal sound when it hits something.
They are fake no box bad quality
Quantity, not quality, to meet heavy demand this Xmas.  The stitching is already coming apart down the middle of his back after being out of his box only one day. My 9-yr-old daughter LOVES him, so she doesn't want to return him for a replacement. She's going to stitch him with red thread and keep him, but just a warning to all - the hefty price and official licensing don't necessarily translate into quality. These were hot items this year, so the factory was probably just cranking them out.
is extremely loud and not able to turn it down so don't really want to play the music
The price is way to HI.
Eyes were all faded. Actual quality definitely did NOT meet what picture shows.
Received and had huge grease spot on ear
not for 2 year olds  Its hard for my husband and I to make Elmo sit on the potty the right way for it to register. My two year old tries and always fails because its too difficult. The sensor needs to be a lot more sensitive.
The stitching on Kamek was not very good and his head almost fell off and the stuffing was starting to come out.  I had to re-sew his head back on
was hoping for a quality gift  i wish I read the reviews. Not worth the price, does not look as nice as the picture. For the price I was hoping for a quality gift for my daughter, but it will be an expensive stocking stuffer. BOOOOOO!
its tiny!!! they charged me 27.99 for a tiny little toy that isn't worth 5 bucks. be aware of the size if you are looking at this
Although these are super cute, my set of five arrived incomplete with only 3, two of which do not even talk as it sounds like batteries are dead (and theres no place to open and replace batteries). It even came in a bag that says set of 5...do not seperate.  Thought this was going to be great for my yo gabba gabba fan but it was a big disappointment for a big price. Thankful for return policy!
VERY SMALL  Just a heads up this pig is very small and in my opinion not worth the money. I would send it back but its not worth it. Not a good product.
We have a friend with an adorable Boo doll and my daughter fell in love with it. When we received  this one, it was of much lower quality. The fur was not as soft, the colors were not as rich and the filling was sparse. It is clearly a less desirable stuffed animal and noticeable enough even for a 2 year old 
ok  Not an official Daisy.  She was really round. Lol!
Wrong dimensions advertised.  This item was advertised as being 9x8x12 inches, the actual measurements are 3x10x12 inches. The description is a bit deceptive.
not happy  Very disappointed to find that our shrek doll is broken and does not talk.
Don't waste your money!  I ordered the first one - it worked for about two hours. Returned it and Amazon replaced it. The second one worked less than an hour. I decided to just write it off and threw it away. My grandson was so disappointed. Please don't waste your money on this item. It is majorly flawed.
TOO SMALL NO PLACE TO REPLACE BATTERY WHEN IT RUNS OUT
It was too small for the price I paid. It was cute if you could see it.
Not for quiet time  What is with toys being so loud! This has no volume control and it was way too loud. Sent it back.
Smaller then what we thought
We spent almost $20 and only got 1 maraca in the package. The picture shows that there are 2, but when we opened the pkg there is only 1 for $16.99 and its very small.
Did not talk
The materials used are not soft and fluffy. It reminded me of a carnival prize. Not what I expected!!
NOT AS DISCRIBED  Not as described, poorly made.
Overpriced  Great item until the price doubled! Item was $7, not worth $14.
Disappointment  The push button got stuck on about the tenth push. Now the light is stuck on and I can't make it talk at all. Very cheaply made...
loved it but you can see the glue on the fur.
It was not worth $20 I would like a refund.
Poor quality for the price...  I am disappointed with the quality of this item for the price. The felt, not plush, body makes it look like a cheap carnival prize. It is also smaller than I anticipated. To the seller's credit, it is as advertised.  I just got excited to find this item and didn't look at the product photos and description very closely before putting it in my cart. LOOK at the close-up photos carefully....This is not a snuggly toy.
Not as ordered.  There were only 3 of the four animals. One was duplicated.
Not worth the money  Besides the face being odd, the plush is poorly stuffed. There are parts that the filling has shifted and has made the limbs very floppy.
TOO SMALL!  Wow yeah this thing is SMALL like i pretty much feel ripped off having paid $15 for this. $5 should be the actual price. Sigh.
it is pretty much a beanie baby type toy  This was described as a plush toy....it is pretty much a beanie baby type toy. Was disappointed in the description. My son likes it, but I wasn't thrilled with the product description not being accurate.
It's cute, but way smaller than I expected. It's only 2 inches taller than my mug and shorter than my forearm.
nice but fell apart immediately  I cannot recommend this toy. The majority of the body is covered by a thin fabric that tore immediately, with very gentle handling. I was disappointed.
its tiny
It arrived ripped
Very poorly made, Not like the photo at all.  This thing was cheaply and quickly made, and with seriously shoddy workmanship. The face was completely deformed, nothing was even. The thread that looks black in the picture is a light brown, so you can barely see it; the shapes that make up the eyes didn't line up, the mouth was crooked, the two nostrils were off by easily 3/4 of an inch. The tail, as others have mentioned, is NOT the fuzzy fluff the picture shows; it's a solid yellow felt with a layer of red felt only half sewn on over top of it; poorly cut and fraying, may I add. The stitching in the back where they closed it up after stuffing is all over the place with thread sticking out. $20 is a good chunk of change so to get something this terribly made for that price... it's ridiculous. I'm returning it.  On the upside, it arrived quickly, even coming directly from China. That was a surprise. Especially considering it's advertised as being imported from Japan.
Cheaply sewn....Ive basically sewn the entire thing over again! For the price would expect better quality. I would of returned but cant disappoint my 7 year old.
Songs NOT Long  My son was very excited to unwrap this present.  Interest stopped really quick when Elmo's songs are very short.  How hard would it have been to make a complete song for the child to listen to?  Rated for 18 months to 4 years.  It doesn't hold either my 2 or 4 year olds interest.  Not worth the money.
NOT WORTH IT!  IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PIC. I am resewing everything on its face. It took 2 months to arrive, so small compared to what is decribed,NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!
Rips easily!  Ripped within the first week. Only reason I didn't return it was because I bought it in October for a Christmas present. Lesson learning. Don't waste your money on it.
Doesn't work. Turns in and talks, but definitely doesn't do everything described.
WORST DEAL EVER!!!!!!! NEVER BUY THIS!!!!!! I AM WARNING YOU!!!!!! WORST DEAL EVER!!!!!!!!
It was a terrible purchase so I just threw it away  The product was a lot smaller than I thought and smaller than described. It was a terrible purchase so I just threw it away. Complete waste of money.
Chinsy  The inner ear came apart within a week
It sucks
Um she doesn't talk...  My son LOVES Joy, and my mom was really excited to get it for him, but after looking over the toy thoroughly it was clearly mislabeled at some point during the process. The actual Disney tag, (that my son prompltly ripped off), says nothing about being a talking doll. Instead only the barcode sticker added to the back says "Talking Joy Doll." I gave it two stars because of how much my son loves it, but it isn't what my mom ordered.
Be cautious!!!  I ordered these as party favors for a fruit themed party. They looked cute and all the kids loved them but they all have strange slots up the back that look like they have been hand sewn back up. It only took the 11 month old a few minutes to open it up and start pulling out the stuffing. This could be huge safety concern if she would have put it in her mouth.
Check a different company out  My girl friend likes it she thinks its cute.... I wasn't to happy with it there seems to be more glue holding the hands, feet, ears, eyes, mouth in than any sewing done. Not as up to par as a traditional stitched teddy bear
Definitely not what is seen in the picture.  No allowed returns,  a rip off.
Nope.  Running is a bit of an overstatement. My son was disappointed with this as was I. He hasn't touched it since Christmas. It does sing the entire song though. But as for any movement, it basically walks in place.
Smaller than I thought My husband loves the bunny was hoping to get the electric one but too expensive
slippers broken..eyes don't go up
Horrible  Bought 2 different slingshot toys sent to 2 different addresses both fell apart on their maiden voyages emailed the company that I got them from and still no response. Dont purchase these items
Disappointed in box  Tools are OK and sized for young children, but the toolbox itself?  Poor quality and missing parts.  As a wife of a builder, I expected much more.  Extremely dissatisfied with box.  Also, the toolkit should have included more basics, i.e.: small measuring tape, etc.  I would not recommend.  My grandson can use the tools, but his father will design a better box.
HELP ME PLEASE IF YOU BOUGHT THESE GUYS!?  Can anyone ANYONE AT ALL tell me HOW MANY INCHES THESE DOLLS ARE?? Because I just saw a $50 woody and he looks a lot bigger and he has the pull cord so he speaks and I'll have to pay another $20 for the horse but I just would like to know if these ones have the pull cord like the real woody and I'll get the horse and Penny well she will not be a part of the gift if these are tiny I would rather pay for the larger Woody w/ the real pull cord and have my son have that one & horse and not worry about Penny since he didn't ask for anyone but woody and the horesy...?!!!! Someone CAN YIH ANSWER AND HELL??!!!!!!!! PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE HELPPPO ME?!
Very Small  Not what I expected.  We have a Totoro.  I thought it would be same size, meaning twice as big.  This almost looks like a toy one would find in a crane game.  Disappointed.
... very small the size of a barbie was not happy for the price of the size  Item was very small the size of a barbie was not happy for the price of the size.
Not as good as others  My 4-year-old was helping me wrap gifts, and found this Elmo (for her brother) to be absolutely hilarious... for a short time. She ended up playing with it because while my son loves Elmo, the animatronics scared him (which is NOT part of my reason low rating). Our daughter isn't much of a Sesame fan, but she liked Elmo's joke (singular) and laughed at him being scared when he was held upside down. She also thought the noise of him pretending to blast off into space was hilarious. However, the single joke of, "Tighter! Tighter! That's too tight! Haha!" got old fast. I actually thought it was broken at first, but apparently that's just the way it is.  As soon as Elmo is set down, he begins to yawn, sing a long song, and snore loudly (even when not on the sleep setting). It's sort of annoying that he does all kinds of stuff after he's set down unless you sit him up straight. The large majority of kids playing with this toy aren't going to set him neatly upright when they're done with him.  After our son came around and started playing with Elmo, he couldn't understand the purpose of pushing Elmo's foot. A kid his age (16m at time of receiving, 18m now),  doesn't understand much about the concept of imagination. The extent of his imagination is pretending his animals are eating his blocks. The hug concept evaded him as well, as he just pushes Elmo's chest to get him to react. He will hug Elmo certainly, but doesn't hug him "correctly", so Elmo never hugs back. Elmo also seems fairly heavy and incredibly cumbersome for something gauged for 18m+. Our son carries him around, but not long.  There was once where Elmo started singing a really cool song (I can't remember it), and 2 months later we have no clue where it came from and we haven't been able to get him to do it again. The setting was definitely on "play" (not "sleep"). Our 4-year-old sometimes talks about "that time Elmo did that thing". A toddler toy shouldn't be like that.  I'm confused about the "sleep" setting. The last thing I want when my kid is trying to sleep is a toy talking to him and snoring for 5 minutes. Also, our son is able to manipulate the Velcro and the mode button in the back, so if this were in bed with him he'd do whatever he wanted with it.  All of Elmo's movements are very loud, and very robotic. The arms seem really, really flimsy to me-- if your kid isn't very careful with stuffed toys, this is not the toy for you.  Our daughter got Rock Band Elmo in 2011, and we loved it. Our friend's kid got Let's Imagine Elmo this year and that thing is really fun. This Elmo just doesn't make the cut. I feel like a large, stuffed Elmo would have been a better gift than this.
Underwhelming  Not really worth the price. It didn't work we had to return it. :( my baby loved it, Wish it could of worked out but oh well. The updated poppy that signs is much better more songs and phrases also the match with the other doll was cool.
The toy did not work. The voice was broken and should never have been mailed out! Will not buy from the seller again!
Awfull... Looked as if was picked from the garbage
Soft and squishy but its useless as a comfort toy as the sound only goes for 5 min.  We returned it in less then a week.
Doesn't work...  It doesn't talk when you press the button. Really? You couldn't have simply checked it before shipping???
Disappointed  No stretch / kids are 3 and 5 and couldn't stretch them.  Disappointed
This is terrible. Very cheaply made  This is terrible. Very cheaply made. Also, Bulbasaur's vine whip was torn on each of them and the cotton was popping out. I bought this for my son for his birthday, but I can't give it to him now because it is poorly made. I'm very disappointed.
These elephants are cute for 6.59.... They are definitely not worth almost $16!! Are you people crazy!! Will not be purchasing again until price drops to the original price. Looks like a lot of people where buying them and you guys wanted to take advantage and increase the price by almost $10!!! These are nothing special and NOT worth anything more than $7
Really small
Sewing defect  Product has sewing defect on the back, exchanged first one and returned the second one, I will now try another merchant or model. Too bad because model is nice and my kids loved it.
Got the wrong plush, but is still decent...  So, I ordered this item to give online ordering a try. Ordered it, thought it looked cute, and was my favorite Pokemon, so why not? Amazon said it'd be a while since they were out of stock, so ok, I'll wait. Next day, got an email saying they just got in a new batch and would send me one sooner that originally planned. I thought "ok, great." Couple days later I get a message saying it'll be here in a day or two, so its getting here pretty quickly which is nice. Easter comes, and the package arrives. I open it up and look inside. I see a Fennekin plush, fairly big. Looked a little off, but I wasn't sure and it was late so I took a look the next morning. I looked at the tag, and it had the names of the makers, "Banpresto," "Jamma" and "Craneking." Now, I could've sworn that it was supposed to be made by TakaraTomy. I looked back at my receipt, noticed it was, but also noticed, it was a completely different plush. The one I got stands on all fours at 8in (at the top of the head) and 11in (at the top of the ears). Speaking of the ears, they are very floppy, near impossible to get them to stand up straight as there seems to be no stuffing or anything inside them. The little fur tufts on its cheeks, back legs, and ear fur are just thin pieces of felt. It kinda looks like a cheap version of the one sold at the Pokemon Centers in Japan. But, even though I got the wrong plush, it's not too terrible. It looks decent, and as long as nothing touches it, I might be able to keep the ears up. But still very disappointed that I got the wrong plush.
Bad
defective product  Arrived missing the tail
Didn't even last a day befor it began falling apart.  It's cute. There is no doubt about that. My son is absolutely in love with it. It's soft and cuddly. It has everything you could want in a plush toy, except it is nowhere near as durable as I expected it to be. It was delivered yesterday and by the end of that day, Luigi's foot was barely hanging on by a thread. My son is 4 and can be a little on the rough side with is plush toys, but for this to not even last one day is very disappointing. I was considering buying many more of these, but now I'm not so sure.
Clinocchio Doll  Very disappointed - still working on a nose for a Clinocchio doll
So not worth it  So so tiny. Also lost one of the hands on the second day. Definitely not worth the money.
defective and returned  I chose the option for easy open which meant no packaging to remove. I thought I sent gift wrapped but that somehow got deselected. I'm not sure if letting them remove from packaging is how it became defective, but this item had to be returned. It would only say one thing; only one arm moved a little bit; the other arm made noise, but could not move. The bed time music worked. Disappointing. I told my son to buy one locally.
PROBABLY DAMAGED  I AM CHARGING THE PHONE EVERY DAY, ONCE I UNPLUG THE CHARGER THE PHONE DIES IN 10 MIN, DOES NOT HOLD AT ALL, THERE IS NO CONTACT BETWEEN THE PHONE AND THE CHARGER, IT MY BE DEFECTED
price  to the little one who wrote the review before mine. I hope your mommy and daddy found you one.. I know you would love it. you probably only searched for it be cause there is so much love in your heart, that you would like to share it with this sweet little snow man. I have a little one too who would love this, but I agree, it is too expensive. The Disney store is not taking advantage of people like us. When they had it, they sold it for just a little over 40 dollars. it's retailers who do not really love this Snowman, that buy it to sell it to us at three times it's original price, for no ore reason than to take advantage of people like us except the ones who have the money to buy it. I hope your mommy and daddy find this for you. and I hope they do not have to pay nearly as much as they are asking for this one.
Not impressed  Was a lot smaller than what it looks like on the picture.. The voice doesn't sound anything like Barney either not impressed
Sucks.  Rip off, you're lucky if you ever get it in the mail.
Upon first look this item appeared to be fine but as you take a closer look this item is a knock off.  Although the tag attached to the item says tomy - the tag sewn to the item does not and it's appearance is slightly different.  I am disappointed that I did not get what I ordered
NOT FUNKO. Sanshee brand, smaller version, not comparable in quality. No hang tags as shown in photo. Completely different.  This product is NOT as advertised.  This is not FUNKO.  It is the Sanshee brand.  The quality difference is incredible.  The Sanshee is much smaller and has the backpack clip.  Fine if that's what you're looking for.  But the Funko version is much more substantial, better fabric, and larger.  They are both supposed to be 6" but the Sanshee version is 6" (if that) measuring all the way to the tips of the ears.  The Funko version is 6" to the top of the head with the ears (or hat in Freddy's case) extending an inch or two further (depending on which character it is).  I am attaching photos.  The bigger dolls (with the hang tags attached) are the Funko brand that I bought at Hot Topic  Their tags say Funko.  The smaller bagged dolls are the ones that I bought from this buyer.  Their tags say Funko  When I wrote to ask for a full refund including shipping, and a prepaid return label, this is what I was told:  "Hello, pictures and product error is small, all of the seller's products are the same, just the price is different. If you choose to return, the new purchase, to get the same products, but the delay of your valuable time on the return of the goods, and seller returns for many times, can affect the buyer policy issues, serious can lead to a closed buyers account. Whether you choose to keep, or return, I will respect your choice, thank you to our support, sincerely By. AngelMgy"  I contacted Amazon directly via chat, they said they would tell them to send a prepaid return label.  The bottom line is that this is shameless false advertising, followed by an attempt to blame this problem on the buyer.
whooo" sound is terrible quality  Fuzzy and soft but looks cheap and the "whooo, whooo" sound is terrible quality
poor  didn't last long at all. poor stitching
BEWARE: what's pictured is not what you get  what you actually get isn't what's pictured. what i got is a plush godzilla that's roughly the same size as described, but his mouth is wide open and his tongue is sticking out. his eyes are also not looking in the same direction, which makes him look kinda drunk. overall it's "ok" but i would've have wanted the one i see pictured here...
Crap  I have no idea how to make the bear work with the app. And there are no online instructions or even a website. This toy sucks.
Waste of money  Doesn't work correctly how do I send this thing back? Elmo Doll never knows when it is on the potty,
Cheap/small  I wasn't pleased with the quality at the price, but my daughter loves it.  Reminds me more of a happy meal gift toy than what the price of the item should warrant.
Super dissapointment  Totally disspaointrd, this was going to be my for my son who is nonverbal annd has autism for christmas, because he loves the gummi bear song, well it is a complete dud, no moving, no sounds, we changed the batteries for new ones and nothing. Thanks alot amazon Christmas for him won't be as special now, tried to return but I don't have the box where it came in anymore.  Thanks alot. :(
Very simple  Not great for the price.  Just bought because Caillou is my granddaughters favorite at the moment. Very Simple..
Don't buy this one...  I thought that this would be the best one because it was Disney brand and paid the extra money. The seam ripped after a week and split right down the back. Not worth the money and there are probably more durable ones.
Poor product description  Did not realize based off product description that bunny does not have stuffing in its body - it's a blanket toy.  The fabric is soft and the purple color rich.
False information and bad price, very angry.  Very unhappy with the zombie.  Description states it is 12".  I received mine in today and when measured it was only 8".  I am very mad at this deception.  For 24.50 I expect to get what I paid for.  Highly over priced for something so small.  Had I known I NEVER would have bought it.  Please be aware for those looking to buy.  THIS IS ONLY 8" TALL.  Not 12".
no product yet.  i contacted amazon 4 times on this company. i still have not gotten my stuff. they keep replying to my messages we will figure it out and message you back for my tracking number. they won't give it to me its been four days and have not replied with any information. i received my other 3 packages from japan and china a week ago. but not this one! why? they won't answer.
I bought this doll for a gift.  It came in a cellophane bag and looks cheap, too cheap to give to the child.
Its ok  Smaller than expected cute still
Granddaughter did not like it.  eyes are creepy. Granddaughter did not like it.
The toy was put together wrong his coal buttons were all over the place! All in all it was for my 2 year old son and after about 15 minutes did not touch it again so i am not to upset.
Well I ordered olaf and was disappointed also of his size  Well I ordered olaf and was disappointed also of his size. Can't hardly understand him tho. Elsa doll is beautiful . Very pleased with her. Wished I would have ordered the reindeer . It's probably has big as Olaf.
Didn't expect it to be so minuscule.
Worked for 5 minutes and stopped. Took six weeks to arrive.
love piglet !!!
Buyer beware!  Okay, my toddlers could care less that Barney sounds nothing like himself but... This is not a toy that is safe for small children. I let one of my daughters sleep with this only to find Barney's voice box in her crib beside her when she woke up. It's very easy to open the Velcro and remove. Even worse, it takes watch batteries and the opening to the voice box battery compartment pops open easily. No safety screw means super easy to get the battery out and enjoy as a snack. Needless to say, neither of the two I purchased for my twins talk any more.
Extremely disappointed  I'm very disappointed.  Not the right size, wrong name on the tag, no packaging and no comb!  This is a Christmas gift and I'm so disappointed with this product!  NOw I'll have to hunt for one for my daughter!!! I wouldn't even give it a one but it may me pick something
I was disappointed in this  I was disappointed in this. We don't see any way to adjust the volume, & it's so loud - not appropriate for bedtime! Baby girl really wanted to take Tigey away from Daniel, & tried & tried to pull it off. It's cute, but not as cute as I thought it would be.
Stuck asleep  Olaf was a hit at Christmas, though the remote was frustrating. He got set aside for a few months and now, even with new batteries, won't wake up. I came looking at reviews to see if there was a cure to get him working again.
I was very disappointed when I saw this after Christmas at my daughters house. The hair did not look anything like the picture; it was just painted on the head and the quality was not nearly as nice as the ones I remember from years ago. I was hioping for better when we had it sent to our granddaughter for Christmas.
what's in it?  arrived looking dirty, also questionable stuffing, would not give it to my great granddaughter. Items as this could contain many things, not knowing is not acceptable in a child's item.
This Baby Jesus has no arms or legs. The blanket wrap is not secured onto the body, which makes it obvious and awkward.
No small children  Not appropriate for small children.
Does not look like it does in the pictures  Does not look like it does in the pictures, It is very small. Looks like a toy you'd get out of a happy meal, :/
Very cheap....
Didn't work for me.  I thought toy  was well made and a clever design. My two year old granddaughter obviously didn't agree. I bought it to take on a long plane ride. She played with it for a couple of minutes and moved on to something else.
Great animal but too expensive.  Loved this elephant for my little one! However at $7 it was well worth the price but at almost $18, I can find a bigger, softer stuffed animal and still have money left.
Poor quality
Not a horribly made product  Not a horribly made product, but not a great one either. The fuzzies on top of the elves' shoes fell as soon as I got them out of their packaging and had to reglue them, the wrist bands started to come off too so I had to do some sewing to keep them together. Otherwise they are really cute.
Terrible  Absolutely awful. This product is cheap and not as pictured. I do not suggest buying from this seller. It was too good to be true for something of this price. If you are looking for the soft plush in this picture I advise you buy from else where.
Chewbacca  Fur falls out, moulting,
Rip Off!  This toy is a rip off. It is super small and it looked used. Comparable to thoes cheap stuffed animals that come in the arcade machines. Dont buy it! You are better off spending $8 for the plastic Hamm toy.  The only reason why I gave it two stars instead of one is the fact that my two year old loves it. He loves anything with Toy Story on it, even an empty box, so that isn't saying much.
I wouldn't recommend buying this product  I did not receive the pictured plush, instead, I received this one:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Totoro-Cat-Bus-Plush-10-34/dp/B0002YN35I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Totoro : Cat Bus Plush - 10"</a>  The one I received only costs $10, and I paid 17$ for the one in the picture.  The one in the picture only has one panel for the windows and no little grey blobby things on top, as well as longer pile fur.  Am I going to bother to file a claim and send it back to China?  No... but I do think I was scammed out of 7$.  I wouldn't recommend buying this product.  Pay for the $10 one if that is the one you are going to get anyways.
Item not as described. Listed as Medium 9 inch. What was shipped is the small 6 inch
Total Waste Of Money  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS.  I bought one for each of my children.  My daughter's stopped working within one day of opening it.  My son's lasted one week.  For $100 total, it is a major rip off.  The seller will not return or exchange.
Would NOT recommend. Poor quality music.  I absolutely loved the glow worm I had purchased 2 years ago for my first child (pictured in Blue) so I purchased another for my next child (pictured in Pink). This is NOT the same glow worm. Though the shell might be identical- the MUSIC is completely disappointing. The original glow worm plays soft classical tunes that sound high quality and smooth to the ear-while the new glow worm plays a different mix of songs and sounds somewhat fuzzy like cheap techno- very low quality sound. This was an extremely disappointing buy. Why would Playschool ruin a good thing?! I Would not recommend this version of glow worm.
Ripped off.  Absolute waste of money for such a small piece of junk. You should be ashamed.
Looks terrible and was supposed to be a gift  Doll came filthy. Face was covered in black smudge, all her hair which is a soft cotton was black with dirt. Looks terrible and was supposed to be a gift. Terrible.
We have had this toy for less than a week, and Elmo's arm is already falling off.
VERY dirty, grime and stains all over  VERY dirty, grime and stains all over, the tag is all worn and the proportions aren't the same as in the picture. I'm disappointed.
cheap  Item arrived damaged with a 3 inch hole in the neck.
llama not so plush .....  This stuffed toy looked adorable. However, it is not at all soft or cudable. More like industrial material. It's pajamas are ill fitted and poorly made. It comes with a star attached by a plastic string that once it is detached, is never seen again. A small patch of Velcro would really help.  I would recommend adding this before giving it to a two two year old. This is not a toy suitable for bedtime even with the accompaning storybook.  My grandsdon keeps his in a dumptruck or his bulldozer. For the price, it was a disappointment. Perhaps if it were not advertised as "plush " it would not have been such a letdown. Betsy J.
Know the character and what it looks like before you make it.  His eyes are upside down. I was disappointed, and so was my son. I would order another one, but I might get the same thing. So I won't order another. This is from China.
Not what I expected  You have to push his belly over and over again to keep him talking/singing. And it's not a button so it's more difficult for a 3 year old to operate.
Expensive batteries  Received as gift and worked as advertised. Batteries died and now find out it uses 3 non-rechargeable lr44/357 button style batteries. Now I have to make a special trip to the store to spend $6 on batteries for a $20 toy? I think Joy can be quiet for now.
overpriced  It was very small for the price that I had to pay for it.  The puppy was soft and cuddly, but just too much money for something I thought would be larger.
Not what I paid for!  The head was misshapen. It did not look Like the photo and seems poorly made.  If I hadn't been given a special for it, I would ask for a refund. Thanks to wishwall.me, i feel that what I paid for it is what it's worth.
Very GENERIC
Very disappointed.  The toy is soooo small. Very disappointed.
Poor quality and soiled Elmo...  Very lightweight and not at all what I expected from Gund...  Also this came with no packaging and looked very soiled and dirty...  Bad doll and bad supplier, but not worth my time to send back for refund...
Waste.  Seriously,  Fifty Five dollars for tiny stuffed fabric. There are dog and cat shelters/rescues that need your help. What a ridiculous waste of money.
Nope
Definitely NOT BLACK  I was specifically looking for a black yoshi. What I received was definitely a dark grey yoshi and in no way should it be described as black. Very disappointed.
Shrunk in transit  It was not 14 inches but rather 7. Contacted seller and not satisfied.
Blah!  Not as advertised
Looked like it had been regifted  When it arrived. Looked like it had been regifted. One leg wouldn't stand straight up.  Very disappointed .
My kid didn't like it & he still plays with other buckles .. :(  Look my kid is either going through a phase of disliking toys or this toy which looked very promising isn't a very good deal. I read all the rave reviews and decided to purchase it. I am disappointed... My kid still plays with the buckles on his high chair and the diaper bag, but he won't touch this toy. The buckles are quite small for his fingers and he hurt himself twice already. It's been a week already and I dint think he will ever like this one. I will update if it happens.  It's well made but that's about it.
Clearly not a new item  This was clearly a return. It was wrapped in plastic wrap. The head has melted plastic on it. The package was scraped off the bottom. And it doesn't work. Even though the outer plastic wrap it was wrapped in says new this clearly is not new.
Disappointed fan  It's a cute idea and I am a huge sailor moon fan but I was a very disappointed with how he arrived. First his hat is made of felt or velour material and on parts of his hat the material is missing making it look dirty and is very noticeable. Second the little stitches for his mouth and on his cheeks are black and the color smeared into his face all around the stitches so his face looks dirty as well. Third the material for his hair is not as nice as the picture. The one I received has his hair all frayed and is very rugged not clean cut at all. It's looks as thought they were cut with dull scissors and they did not care that it looked bad. Again cute idea but very disappointed with the actual product.
Batteries Dead Upon Delivery  Product sent and batteries were already dead!  Very disappointed as I now need to purchase 3 1.5v for this to work for my daughter.  I knew I would have to eventually but not right away.
Eats up batteries, stopped working after 2mo  Battery life has gotten progressively shorter(despite using fresh ones right out of the box), and now the toy has stopped working altogether after less than 2mo. We have a very disappointed baby. Sorry we wasted out money on this.
RUINED MY NIECES BIRTHDAY!!! THANKS!  I ordered THE POPPY TALKIN PLUSH DOLL. HAD IT ONE DAY DELIVERY FOR MY NEICES BIRTHDAY!!!!!! AND I GOT THIS CHEAP ASS TOY INSTEAD. Im pissed. Was expecting a plush toy not a hard toy!??!!! I don't get it!?
Reoccuring problems  just like sevy, i recieved the plush with a detatched wing, broken legs, and a dejected, lopsided head with uneven eyes. In addition, the product dropped in price and lost prime eligibility the day i recived it, which tells me this is a bootleg. I guess it looks good from a distance, but i cannot say that it is legitimate.
It's cute and everything. It just doesn't make any noise, or have any place for batteries. I bought this for that reason. Would have given it more stars if it talked.
Very cheaply made and not worth the money. Sent it back.
Made in China, fur comes off easily.  The second she got it, my baby put it in her mouth and she had orange fur on her lips after that. A unit is made in china...:( returned it.
DO NOT BUY  horrible craftsmanship. Looks like a kid made it. Details crappy, already falling apart before I even got them out of the plastic. Took a whole extra month of waiting and the box was half smashed in.
looks pathetic next to the rest of my plushes  Way toooo small, looks pathetic next to the rest of my plushes.  Looks smaller than 4.5
Not good for the bath  Not as advertised. It is tiny and collects water. Not good for the bath.
Don't purchase.  These play only a fraction of each song.  I was very disappointed. I got the easy open packaging, which is a plain cardboard box.  While the box was intact, the face seemed to have been squished.  It was misshapen, and I would never give this to a baby.
Was very small and not at all what I expected.  Very disappointed
Buyer beware  What a rip off $22 for a keychain I don't think so
NOT RARE  This is not rare I have one.
This is not 10" its more like 5"  I was expecting bigger. Not happy at all.
at its best..  cheating.. at its best... the doll is snapped and magnified... the label tag is super magnified.. do not go by the looks.. local stores have the same for 2$.. it will fit in your palm.. this is a super small doll.. i wish i could sue the seller. horrible.
Wish we would of received this toy
but super small for the price  Wow. my fault I guess for ordering it, but super small for the price. I would return it but Valentine's Day is tomorrow and it is a gift. Buyer beware, this is no bigger than a small single serve bottle of Coke. In my opinion, it would be worth about half the price, $8.00, but not $16.00+. UGGGGGG I am so disappointed. 
... one of my tumbler cups and oh what a disappointment that was  I expected it to be bigger than one of my tumbler cups and oh what a disappointment that was...
It was a knock off.
Ears came off so easily  My son wanted this plush so bad .. after 2 hours of playing with it both ears came off, they where badly sewn on :(
Ruined by an annoying bell  My 4-year-old son has a Miyim bear that he loves. He's into Pooh now, the chapter books. Thought he'd enjoy the Pooh and Tigger, but the bell inside the toys is not only annoying, but makes the toy very babyish--though I don't know any baby that could nap listening to it. Why, Miyim, why wreck an otherwise great toy? Not sure if I'm going to do surgery and cut the bells out (though I can feel they are quite large) or return them. They were supposed to be Christmas gifts.
terrible! DO NOT BUY!  This plush is awful. It looks terrible, the nose and eyes are crooked, and man is this thing cheap! It feels like a carpet, not a soft plush. This is no where near worth 30 dollars. I'd make it 2 dollars. No joke! Don't waste your money on this garbage!
Pretty good but not very accurate in looks  Pretty good but not very accurate in looks. Horns are a little flimsy and the teeth stick up when they should be down. Still a decent lamp decoration for me.
Not a original.  I was expecting a official Marlo plush and what I got in return was bootleg item. His head was leaning to one side and he felt like something you get out of a  claw machine. I'm a mario and Luigi fan. I had Luigi already and my son has taken him to play with and i had to get mario to finish the pair. I'm so disappointed. I will be going to the game store and pick up the real version of this doll. Just so you know the original legs bend and he can be seated. You can actually place a finger under his hat even doh his hat is stitched to his head. The doll is stiff and over filled. If you're looking for the real thing don't waste your money on this one. But if you don't care and want something that can be passed off as the doll to a child that don't know better well then knock yourself out. Grrr I'm so mad. I wasted my money on this beat up looking doll.
DERPY KNOCK-OFFS  The plush I received did not match the picture shown AT ALL. Glaceon's ears and tails are frayed and jagged, like they were cut and glued in a hurry, and appear to be a different, more plastic-like fabric than the picture, and the darker blue piece on the top if it's head is a TOTALLY different shape and size and is proportionally all wrong. Whatever you do DO NOT buy this product from the seller "getwhatulove".  As an added info bonus, I bought THREE plushies from "getwhatulove" and they were all cheap knock-offs (picture included). Along with this Glaceon I bought Espeon and Jolteon (&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Espeon-8-25-34-Mini-Plush-Pokemon-Evolution-of-Eevee-Series/dp/B00MEVQQS8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Espeon ~8.25" Mini-Plush: Pokemon Evolution of Eevee Series</a>&nbsp;AND&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jolteon-7-5-34-Mini-Plush-Pokemon-Evolution-of-Eevee-Series/dp/B00MEVR056/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jolteon ~7.5" Mini-Plush: Pokemon Evolution of Eevee Series</a>&nbsp;)
NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!  This is not what I ordered and it looks like I can't ever return it !! This is crazy !!!!!
small!!  Really really small!
Not the one pictured  The doll I received was nothing like what the picture looked like and I really needed it to be the one pictured because it was replacing a favorite toy chewed by a dog.
does not really look like barney.  does not really look like barney.  My baby does not like it.
tiny zero  when ordering this, the description said the toy was 8-9" tall. It's maybe 3", at most. Totally sucky as a Christmas gift from Santa! I was not at all pleased with the misrepresentation.
This worked one time and then water got in to the battery cavity.
Cute toy buckle straps too short Not as big as I thought but cute toy
Great toy.. has flaws.  My daughter absolutely loves it. Two star rating because it will not stay on, the power button and the foot that plays music has stopped working. 
Cheap Replica Ripoff!  Don't waste your money on this item....and heads up, you get charged to return it so you don't even get the full refund! Item does not look like picture. Legs are nearly backwards. Eyebrows aren't fuzzy. Shorts are different color and so is belly button. Stitching is poor. No tags on item.  I'll be sure to add a photo so nobody else makes the same mistake!
Disappointed  Too expensive for the size and quality
The eye is different than the original toy
It broke!  My son loves buckles, so I thought this toy would be perfect for him. But right after I got it out of the box, the zipper on the side broke so the inside lining is always hanging out. That is pretty disappointing. My son likes it, but it's kind of hard for his little hands to buckle some of them. The circle buckles seem to be shaped a little off and it makes it hard to clasp.
The seems are ripping in several areas. I've had to sew them.
I put the batteries in and it didn't work. Currently in the return process.
Cat in Hat stuffed animal  I thought that it would have been bigger that it was. I would like to know how i can return it.
More like "generic Mogwai"  As you can see from the picture, the doll you get looks nothing like Gizmo. It's a soft, plush, noise-less doll, but unless you just want something that looks like a random Mogwai, your money is better spent on a different, more accurate Gizmo doll.
It was pretty nice but still it was smaller than I ordered
Not worth the money.  Since my 3 year old daughter's favorite movie is the Lorax, I wanted to get this for her.  I figured $12 was reasonable for a stuffed toy.  When it arrived in the mail, I was shocked to see how tiny it was.  This thing is literally the size of the palm of my hand.  It looks like something that would come as a prize in a kids meal at a fast food restaurant.  I was disappointed, to say the least that I paid $12 for something so tiny.  My daughter still likes it, which makes me happy...but for the size, it's definitely not worth the price.
I have twin 17 month old boys that absolutely loved this elmo  I have twin 17 month old boys that absolutely loved this elmo...until it stopped working.  We have 2, both Christmas gifts, and by early to mid-January, neither worked.  They pick up Elmo giving it hugs waiting for a response.  They looked sad when it didn't work.  It was the cutest thing when it did work.  Too bad it didn't last.  We tried new batteries on both, but sadly that was not the problem.
NOT OFFICIAL  Not official. Not even a good knock off. Not like the picture. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!!!
Home Talking Oh doll doesn't talk!!!  I was very disappointed with this purchase. This doll was advertised as the Home Talking Oh doll. Well it doesn't talk. It is a plush doll & it should have been advertised that way. There was too much back & forth via email with the seller so I just kept it & gave it to my grandson anyway. I still hope to find a talking Oh doll that really does talk.
He's so adorable.  He's so cute. My former best friend loves frogs.... so every time I look at this frog, it reminds me of her... Anyway, like everyone else has said, this little fella has a lot of stuffing, but I don't mind it. I'll just shove my money in his mouth!  he also came WAY earlier than expected to deliver. That is a HUGE plus in my book. I don't regret buying this (although the uneven space between his eyes kind of bother me... not too much though). I read a review about the Chinese print under the frog... but I just wanted a frog coin purse lol. I recommend getting him! UPDATE: The metal part detached from the upper part of the frog. I'm pissed. I hope I can get a refund.
Gizmo is poorly made. The thread by his nose is showing and falling apart.
Voice box did not work if it was wrapped in a plastic bag be weary
its a fake o plush not a funko plush
TERRIBLE!!!  worst buy ever! I really regret this it was a waste of money!!
Upside-Down Wing...  It came with one of its wings sewn on upside down! The wings are also limp and do not spread out on their own as the picture suggests, which was another big disappointment. It also has trouble standing up. It is otherwise a well-constructed plush, but I was in disbelief about the upside-down wing. My wife insisted she loves it and does not want to exchange it, but I really wanted to.
I guess I probably got a bad one idk  I got the duck.... but the music wasn't working.... I guess I probably got a bad one idk.... but I won't recommend to buy it.
looks like the picture  My son loves the dragon, looks like the picture, however, hold appeared in leg just 2 weeks after getting it.  He doesn't play rough with it, just sleeps with it.  Going to return it.
Sound doesn't work
NOT what I paid for!!!  I purchased the 17" long night fury and was sent a 7" night fury!!! NOT what I paid for and VERY upset!!! Be careful what you buy! You won't always get whats advertised or what you paid for!!!
Not a Funko Plush as described!  I bought foxy and two other fnaf plush for my son as a birthday gift. He wanted Funko Plush, and looking through all the knock offs I finally found these. Although I got Chica elsewhere because most of those ones are really ugly. I was so disappointed when they came that they were NOT Funko! They just have a tag on them that says plush toy. I did contact the seller and was offered 1/2 my money back and I could keep them. I did keep them and we will see what happens on my son's birthday? They are not horribly made, and they are soft and luckily close to the same size as the actual Funko I bought(that's why I have it two stars). If all goes well I will add another star and update my review. I really hate getting something completely different than what's being offered. The picture shows Foxy next to my real Funko Chica.
my daughter is terrified of this toy.. & it arrived with sticky stuff on its eyes...
Moana Bean Plush Hei HEi  I bought the Moana Bean Plush Hei Hei for my son and for the price I paid I thought it would be a lot bigger I was disappointed in the size
Item is nothing like the picture  Item is nothing like the picture.  It's a cheap, skunky-smelling knock-off with ripped seams, and lop-sided cardboard wings called a 'pokedoll.' buyer beware.
I am very disappointed and recommend looking elsewhere for a stuffed fox  Item is not as large as the photo of it. It is very small, and not worth the price. I am very disappointed and recommend looking elsewhere for a stuffed fox.
Sad giraffe  Awful!  I expected a stuffed giraffe and actually sent one back thinking it wasn't made properly.  Foolishly, I had them send another and the body wasn't stuffed on that one either.  I thought I had misunderstood the description and picture...worst thing I have ever ordered!
Both "died" within minutes of use or were intermittent at best. Kids loved the look but the music died  I bought tow.  Both "died" within minutes of use or were intermittent at best.  Kids loved the look but the music died..... which was the main point of the toy
Don't waste your money  Don't waste your money. It needs a haircut, growl sounds nothing like Chewbacca. I maybe would have paid half for it. Maybe.
It was amazing while while it work  It was amazing while while it work, but it stop working thought it was due to the batteries but never worked again.
no good  What a ripoff!  Don't waste your money!  Not even soft!  Very disappointed!
DON'T BOTHER  This was basically a bootleg version of the original.  The item was not at all what I expected, your suppose to be able to squeeze the belly to hear Barney sing, instead I had to search for the hardware that was located in the leg area and had to press multiple times to get it to play.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
$40 for itty bitty beanie babies !! Such a  rip off. Do not buy. It's not even that soft.
Disappointed  I just received this item, and I am both surprised and disappointed in its actual appearance and feel.  Its head comprises about two-thirds of Tweety's entire volume.  In terms of shape, it is like a giant hot air balloon sitting atop a carrot.  So of course it doesn't stand, and you can't sit it up... it's much too top heavy.  I know Tweety has a big head, but I didn't expect to find such an extreme difference between the head and body of this toy.  My other problem with it is the material.  In my opinion, it's not soft or cuddly at all.  Rather than being a huggable plush doll, it is made out of that flat, thin, static-producing, felt-like looking, funky-feeling material.  And the eyes are large plastic pieces that appear to be attached only with glue (I don't think they would last long).  I intend to return this.  Next time I'm at a Six Flags, I'll purchase one of the smaller (but softer, cuter, and thus more endearing to my children) plush Tweety Birds that they have there.
It never worked.
The EEvee that I got did not look whatsoever like the one I ordered and it's not the first time that this happened
Doll broken, no sounds when squeezed.
Don't waste your money  rdered this as a Christmas gift for my son. Since it had mixed reviews I got it opened up to mess with it before wrapping it. Other reviews about the difficulty of pushing the button to get it to talk are definitely true. Even after opening it and pushing the voice box thing through the stuffing to the front you still have to completely compress the doll to get it to make noise. I say "make noise" and not "talk" on purpose. Even though on the box it says it says 5 phrases and has a couple of the phrases it supposedly says in quotes, there are no words coming out of this thing. I probably pushed it 100 times and all it does is alternate between a laugh, the moo-ing sound, and some scream/laugh noise that is just weird. I will most definitely be sending this back.
Don't Waste your Money  Poorly made, obvious stitching flaws and it is MUCH too small.
stopped working after a week  the toy started beeping and doesnt play the whole sound anymore... all it does is beep beep beep .. It was a total waste of money
object pictured must have been of the bigger version  The "belt" is wrapped around the head basically like a head band because there is no other room to put it anywhere else.  the eyes are not even visible and the beak is super tiny.  It really doesn't even look like this picture.
Not as expected  The plush quality was like that of a cheap carnival plush. The fur layer was so thin that I can see the woven pierce underneath.  I have bought others for my son that were nice and soft. Not this one! The work involved in returning this is unfortunately not worth my time.
Not what you expect  It looked nothing like the photo. One arm was falling off and neither arm had any stuffing in it. Its mouth was over-stuffed so it looks like he has huge gums. There is also stuffing popping out everywhere along the body.
Not the real deal  The item received is nothing like the item pictured.  The face is different, the ears are different, the tail is just a piece of thin tan felt instead of two-colored plush as pictured.  It may have a Ty tag on it but it doesn't look like Ty quality.  Real Beanie Boos are softer and more carefully constructed.  The item I received isn't even sewn together symmetrically.
Meh  My niece loved it and it's an authentic Goofy. Only problem I had is it came in used grocery bag! Probably a Chinese guy sitting at home repackaging these things at a profit while his brother Ping Pong steals them from work. Niece likes it either way and still doesn't have SARS.
This is not a TOMY toy as advertised  Not a Tomy toy as advertised. I paid $10.99 and I don't think it was a good deal for a china item since a TOMY one costs the same and it delivers faster. However my son likes it and to him it doesn't matter where it came from. Shipping was faster (about 10 days) than expected.
Not 21"  While there is nothing wrong with the product itself, it was not what is advertisted.  It is not large/jumbo or 21".  It is about 14" and much smaller than the other disney toys that i have that are Medium and 20" long.  In my orders there was no way to contact the seller and unfortunately it is a birthday present so I don't have time to send it back and get a new one.  Disappointed I paid $25 and did not get what is advertised.
not impressed  Broke within a month
stopped making its call after about 10 times  Actually, I liked this a lot until it stopped making the loon call after about 10 pushes of the button.  I think it should last a lot longer than that!
It is not like the picture
We returned it.  was made out of cheaper material and smaller than expected.
Had a large hole  Came with large hole in the plushie
Much smaller than 20"  NOT 20" - smaller than the other 20" Disney dolls we have
Cute, but hard for kids to work  The Cookie Monster Let's Rock is a cute toy, sings great songs with good sounds.  I played with my 11 month old Granddaughter and 3 year old Grandddaughter the other day.  The little gal laughed and giggled when I put the Mic to Cookie Monster's mouth--the 3 year old became frustrated when she wasn't always succesful in making him sing when she move the Mic.  I noticed that when I was doing it as well, doesn't seem that it consistently plays when the Mic is positioned as it should be.  All in all, I probably wouldn't recommend this for purchase. I do have a singing Elmo that works great and the kids love it.
Does not light up or play music!  I just received mine and it does not light up or play music at all. It's just a regular plush toy, so disappointed. I had to return.
Poor construction clothes falling off doll, have to glue back on  Very poor construction of doll, clothes falling off, need to glue back on, still not staying on NOT HAPPY with product
Find Another Wand!  The reviews are right about this one! The noise will absolutely drive you insane!  Your have to rip open the wand and take out the noise maker.  My toddler doesn't like the annoying sound either. It's super sensitive.  I sew and do crafts, so after sitting on a shelf for months I ripped open the top with a seam ripper, took out sound box and sewed it back up.  Ahhhhh.
Not M size, very small.  I have taken a photo of this next to a ruler to show that it is NOT the stated dimensions of 9.5 x 6.8 x 5.2 inches, nor is it 7.5 - 8 inches tall like the answers have stated.  8 inches is where my hand is. This is a tiny, as small a beanie baby. The ears came smushed in so they are wonky now. The nose was glued on. Not worth the price at all.
Watch out for knock off Poppy!  The Poppy I received was like some of the other reviewer's photos- she was smaller than the DJ Suki and Harper I ordered, and her hair was funny- definitely a knock off! I was disappointed because it was a Christmas present, but my husband said it was fine. My daughter likes it anyway.
Received Cheap Knockoff  This was sent as a gift and the doll that arrived looked absolutely nothing like the one pictured.  It was so cheap I was embarrassed to have sent it as a gift.
Did not have the embroidered seal, very poor quality, not at all what I was expecting!!!  Not worth the money. Did not have the embroidered seal, very poor quality, not at all what I was expecting!!!  Do not buy.
Not what I expected, and the head tilts to far back. I was in too much of a hurry, so no time to send it back.
Looks terrible.
I was very disappointed.  Bought this as a gift. It arrived packaged well. The fur was falling off of the toy. It was not made well at all. I was very disappointed.
Was it really worth it?  I ended up taking my childs Elmo back to the store. I think it was for a older kid,my son is 2 1/2 and he is a big Elmo fan, but he could careless about it. I think its more for an older kid. I wouldn't buy if for anyone less then 3 or 4 years old.
cute toy. stitching was bad  I bought this for my daughter and within two days the stitching on him broke and he needed to be repaired. I paid too much for him to get ruined so quick.
Poor quality  Bought this stuffed toy for my daughter for Christmas and before the day was done, the seams in the tail started to become undone! The toy is not well made. It's sad, because the delivery was fast and came on time. Wish I could have given it more stars.
NOT DOLL SHOWN  OH. HELL. NO. I just paid $30 for something that in the Disney store cost $9. This is NOT the doll shown, it is the new edition that has a printed face, NOT an embroidered face. I am beyond upset with my purchase and wish I could give a zero star review. Will absolutely be returning. PRODUCE WHAT YOU ADVERTISE!!!
Not official Nintendo merchandise  Poor stitching is my primary issue. Desription on page didn't mention that it was a hanging plush withba suction cup.
Quality / Broken in 2 months  Great item overall, but not very durable. The motors/battery pack aren't well protected and if the unit falls, they make break. Ours stopped working after 2 months, while the return window was only 5-6 weeks.
Arrived dirty and looks refurbished  The glo worm arrived and its box was beat up as well as having permanent dirt marks on the dolls face. I tried to clean it off but its stuck on there. Honestly it looks used/refurbished. Also the dolls face is off center from the head.
Size is bigger then I thought wich I like , but it's NOT black!!!! It's gray
Troubleshooting Tips for Frustrated Parents...  Well it's 36 hours before XMAS and I ran into the dreaded problem where I couldn't update Elmo with my kid's customization...  If you're a parent in the same situation here are some tips...  1 - Make sure you completely install the Elmo Knows your name software and restarted your PC before connecting Elmo.  If you connect the doll before you install the software you'll get a USB hardware device failure error.  Finishing the install and restarting the PC, launching the Elmo Knows your Name application and then connecting Elmo via the USB cable solved this snag.  2 - If your Elmo came from a retail store where folks have been playing with it, then definitely toss the old batteries and get new ones.  Do this even if Elmo sounds fine in demo mode.  USB connection seems to take more power.  This solved the problem of Elmo not being recognized by the computer.  I had been getting the error message "Doll not connected: Please check connections, and try again."  3 - Try the software installation and USB connection on more than one PC.  In googling the problem I saw reports of Win XP SP2 vs non SP2 users, but I'm not sure this is the culprit since PC#1 that failed and PC#2 that worked both had Win XP SP2.  If you don't have access to another PC you are probably out of luck until Fisher Price figures out what the problem is.  For those of you interested in what I tested with:  2 Elmos, 2 PCs  In the case of PC #1 (Custom AMD 64 Dual Core Opteron Alienware XP Pro) I had the following errors:  - Elmo downloads to 100% and then a windows error message comes up saying, "Download fail: Please check connections, and try again."  Because it got to 100% I thought the error message might be bogus, but in playing with Elmo I either got no customization, or Elmo could only start on the name and then stop.  In the case of PC#2 (Sony TR1AP XP Pro) - It worked as advertised without the download error.  After 100% you get "sucess" in the progress bar, and then the lady's voice in the software app telling you that the download is complete.  Here's what doesn't seem to make any difference: - Elmo's power switch can be on or off - The demo plastic tab in the voice box can be in or pulled out (tab says, "Discard by adult.  Pull out for normal play mode.)" The download always worked on my PC#2, and never worked on PC#1.  My current assumption is that this could be an AMD CPU or Dual Core issue.  My PC#1 is an AMD Dual Core 64 Opteron.  My PC#2 is a Pentium-M (laptop).  If you've run into problems if you can post your review with what worked/didn't work it might help others.  Especially if you can share if it failed on your AMD vs Intel PC, or a dual core vs single CPU system.  Here are some other specific info on PC#1 that others having this problem can chime in if they have the same items.  [From your start menu you can choose "RUN" and in the dialog window type DXDIAG and hit enter to get a list of system info.]  - Win XP Pro SP2 with all the latest updates (5.1 build 260) - TYAN Mother board with Phoenix BIOS 4.0 release 6.1 - Dual Core AMD Opteron - NVIDIA RAID Controller  I hope Mattel/Fisher Price Quality Assurance folks are reading these reviews since there are a lot of questions and not a lot of answers.  Mattel needs to acknowledge this issue on their site.  Check the following URL to see if they have updated any new info.  You can also use this URL to get to the troubleshooting tree to request a refund/exchange.  [...]  or to go direct to "Knows your Name" help:  [...]  best of luck,  SI
Not what is in the picture,  What is in picture' I wanted. What I got was different. I must return this. Can I get what is shown?
Too small for the price, I saw one three times the size at target for the same price
Pretty disappointed as it will not work for the party  I purchased the Fireman Harry for my sons 2nd Birthday. However I received the policeman Harry not the fireman. Pretty disappointed as it will not work for the party, nor can I send it back and get the one I ordered before this weekend. Had I received the right product my review would be 5 stars.
Not a good plush the wand came off of mine and he is unofficial.
;(  Skinny and $$
But my girls do love them.  Took forever to get here!!! But my girls do love them.
Not Worth It  This... is a bootleg.  Although the picture provided does in fact, display an authentic Glaceon, this is not what I received in the mail.  What I got was a cheap, knock-off bootleg.  It takes much more work than it should to have it stand up.  There are several loose threads and in some places it is overstuffed while others are understuffed.  It's okay if you are just looking for a stuffed animal, but if you are into collecting pokedolls like I am, you don't want this.  The plush is cute, however, and somewhat resembles a shiny Glaceon, which is pretty neat, but that alone is not worth the price I paid for this product.
IT AN USED PRODUCT, AND IT WAS SEALED AS NEW. THE PRICE WAS INSANE FOR AN USED PRODUCT INWANT MY MONEY BACK
Not an official Disney Store Mickey. No label on the foot of Mickey.
DO NOT BUY FAKE PLUSH  ITS FAKE I WANTED THE REAL ONE BUT THE EYES ARE FLAT THE BODYS THIN THE HATS THE WRONG MATERIAL DO NOT BUY ITS SO BAD FAKE TAG I HAVE A PICTURE OF THE GAKE AND THE REAL THE FAKES THE TAG WITH THE RED WORDS THE NOSE IS TO SMALL AND THE HEADS FLAT THE PICTURE IS FAKE GO SOMEWERE ELSE TO BUY IT ITS SO BAD!!!!!!!!!
Not as advertised.  Not as advertised.  This is a car novelty item at best but nothing to have your kids sleep with at night.  Same as others described ... not as pictured and with a string and suction cup on top.
Very small and not wort the money  For some reason I thought it would be bigger. I bought it to go the bed set I had bought for my granddaughter. It ended up being an expensive dog toy.
I do love these elephants but I am so annoyed the price goes from $6.84 or $8 even to almost $17!!
When I saw this set I really thought it was too good to be true  My son has been begging for PvZ plush and I have had a hard time finding them.  When I saw this set I really thought it was too good to be true.  And how right I was.  They are adorable and my son loves them, but within a day seams were ripping and arms and legs were falling off.  He won't let me return them like I want to do, so instead I am spending a lot of time repairing them.  I don't expect them to survive very long and I was very disappointed.
Elmo Giggle Ball...giggles a little too much!  In theory, this Elmo is a very cute idea and seems like it would be great for a toddler to play with. My toddler loves Elmo and loves balls, so I thought this would be a win/win situation! In reality, it is HIGHLY annoying and rather scary at times. My toddler has never touched it. However, we will randomly hear Elmo giggle at various times and no one is even around the Elmo ball. We sleep, we hear Elmo giggle! We leave our house, Elmo giggles! It's a little disturbing. I am unable to find a way to shut off the giggle. I haven't thrown it away yet, because I paid too much money for this little Elmo ball and can't stomach throwing it away because of the cost! I wouldn't recommend this item to others. I am wishing I didn't buy it myself! :)
Omg, mine came  I... felt like crying when I opened them. The bag was tiny as it Is, so I knew they were small but... this is just.. :(  plus, the plusles face was horribly shaped like a pear. Not to mention the tails, they're not even shaped correctly, they're just a square shaped piece of felt. All I wanted was a decebt plusle and minun plush set that didn't look deformed. But at least it's anything..
Cute but does not work  I got this as a gift for my son but it does not work even after changing the batteries.
While the plushy came in on time and looks fine, i later discovered that the wings had been broken in shipping and now just droops over the shoulders as well as the middle claw on both arms are shorter
Not worth the money  Very cheap not what I was hoping for ,for a Christmas present very disappointed
Hair is pink not brown  Well the hair is pink
Cute but fake...  This is another Hong Kong designed and made plush, also known as a bootleg or fake. No Jigglypuffs this size were ever made. So while it is useless to collectors, and worth less than $5, it is soft and adorable. It makes a great pillow; until the seams start to pop open...:(
Great plush yoshi but the color it is not black.  I should have read the reviews prior to ordering but I was in a rush. Its a great plush yoshi however it is not black. Not even close to black. Amazon please change the title of the listing!
it did not work I called  customer service and had it returned
the plant broke off the pot on the first day
Not worth the high cost  I went back and forth on purchasing this toy as it's pretty pricey for what it is... however with the rave reviews, I decided to take the plunge for an upcoming international flight with my 21 month old. I didn't open the package after I received it because I didn't want my kid to see it before our trip but when I finally did, I was pretty disappointed. First off, the size is quite smaller than I thought it would be but I didn't knock off any points for that. The main reason behind the low rating is that a few of the buckles were so loose that it was sagging when closed and didn't lie flat on the pillow causing it to get in the way of the other buckles. I expected better quality for $20 and was disappointed enough where I wanted to return it but it was too late to get another one. I am on my trip now and during the flight I had to take the toy away after a few minutes as he started getting very frustrated as the loose buckles would get in the way. If you're a parent of a young toddler, you know that frustration quickly leads to a melt down. I wish I could return it when I get back but the return window already closed. To upset me further, the company sent a follow up email asking about my satisfaction and I replied with my disappointment and I haven't received a reply and this was over a week ago. Why bother asking for a feedback if you're not interested in your customer and their opinions? I personally cannot recommend this toy as it is far too expensive for the poor quality I received.
You all are idiots for spending $80 on a $5 plush toy.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.
Size not mentioned  Cute but not worth the money paid, even smaller than an iPhone plus
00 did not even come in a box mailed in a paper bag this over all order sucked.  cheep looking  for $26.00 did not even come in a box  mailed in a paper bag  this over all order  sucked .
Not very large Meowth  This Meowth is very good quality but, the description said it is 18 inches and it isn't anywhere near 18 inches. I only purchased it because I wanted a large Meowth and it is not. Very disappointed.
Cute, but does too little.  Thankfully I got this very cheap at a Family Dollar; my daughter loved it when I showed it to her.  This doll is all fabric, so there are no plastic pieces exposed.  Overall, it's a cute and durable doll, but it does so little.  For $20 you can get something else that does more; a Glow Worm or something that plays a complete lullaby.  Below is everything this doll does:  Push #1: Says "Elmo so sleepy" - 1/2 lullaby Push #2: Says "Good night" - 1/2 lullaby Push #3: snoring noise  The lullaby is so short, I simply can't see the point of it; it won't lull your child to sleep by any means.  I gave it two stars because as a doll, it's cute, durable, and seems to be of good quality.  As a talking bedtime doll - my daughter will stick with her Glow Worm.  NOTE: the doll's clothes are permanently sewn on, the electronic compartment is Velcro, the device inside has no sharp edges that I could feel and screws shut so the child cannot open it to get the batteries.  The device itself requires two AA batteries (included).  The tag on the doll's rear is crisp with rough edges, I would suggest removing it before giving it to a small child.
... when she opened it the plush toy didn't look like the one in the picture  I bought this for my daughter and when it came it wasn't packed really well and when she opened it the plush toy didn't look like the one in the picture. I think we might have gotten a bootleg.
Uneven Face  The outfit was just as described but the face is extremely uneven.  I was really disappointed as this defect makes the bunny more odd looking than cute.  This is the second disappointment with a stuffed animal from Amazon so I won't be ordering any more stuffed animals sight unseen like this.
This is a lot smaller than I thought but I guess I should've read the description better
Cheaply made for the price  Control doesn't work well and a week after get it the zip tie that holds the stuffing in broke and now all the stuffing is falling out so looks terrible would not recommend this to anyone especially at that price tag!
Joy, sadness and disgust do not have real noses  I'm not sure if I received the right items. The plushes I got do not look as they appear in the photos. Joy, sadness and disgust do not have real noses, just a dot.  They also have suction cups attached. Sadness' hair is terrible and does not look right.
Much smaller then expected and took much longer then anticipated
Was Very Small  It was not what I expected, it was a lot smaller. Not worth what I paid for it, and the amount of time I had to wait for it, which was a month, I had to contact Amazon and complain as I didn't receive it when it was due, and another one had to be sent in it's place. Just not happy with it.
Color is WAY OFF  The color is way off from this picture.  It is EXTREMELY BLUE and not a light bluish/white color it shows.  DO NOT BUY FOR WHITE ELEPHANT GIFT.
Itaught tom would be saying more.
AWFUL - THANKS FOR MAKING MY KID CRY  I opened the box 10 mins ago and the hands AND feet all fell out. My child started crying and now we are scrambling for crazy glue. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. Utter disappointment!!! I ONLY RATED THIS ONE STAR BECAUSE AMAZON MADE ME IF NOT I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT NOTHING.
... of a tinker bell doll it doesnt look anything like her she is flimsy and cheaply made  this is a very generic version of a tinker bell doll it doesnt look anything like her she is flimsy and cheaply made
superrr tiny!  She loved it, but in my eye its too tiny. IF it was wider and at 7 " it wouldnt be so bad
Incorrect size but cute  They're more like 6" large, definitely not even close to 11"-12." Would have given one star for being misleading but they were made well and were a great gift.
Not what I ordered  Nope, the one I ordered had brown hair and was wearing red.  Not happy about it either,  if you order something specific, you should get what you ordered.
Just to small.  It my fault for picking out the wrong size.
2 boy elves??  I don't know if I read something wrong, but I got two boy elves. Kinda disappointing.. I thought I was going to get a boy and a girl... did I miss something?
Doesn't talk :(
Buy somewhere else  It took about a month to get here and when it did come, it was dirty!! My son saw it already and loves it, so I'll wash it, otherwise I'd return it. Pissed off!!
Hope that yours has both arms...  QC must've not caught this one.  It only had one arm, found the other one stuffed in the body with no stuffing in it.
Product is smaller than described and not of good quality.
Too small  Its very cute but too small.
never shuts up  my kid love this thing. but it is sooooo loud and never shuts up. Plus it broke a week after we got it. had to go get a new one from wally world because of course this design wasn't available anymore through amazon seller I purchased from. it has the same 4-5 personalities that switch about every 45 minutes. I don't understand why it costs $65??? it doesn't do anything seriously and to utilize it fully you need a cell phone with service or wifi. one of the more worthless things I have purchased for my kid.... I give it another 2 weeks before she's completely over it.
Stopped working after 30 days!  Too late to refund!  Bought this March 10 and 30 days later it stopped working!  I contacted WEEILL and they sent us a new one free of charge.
Again bad description. Wrong  size toy.
Not what I expected!  Package stuffed in tiny paint can box with no padding or seal. Not the plush toy on the amazon site at all! It was Disney "Resort" not official Disney! Overall bad let down!
Meh  My two year old granddaughter does not really care for it.
Quality of construction  Disappointed in the quality of the item.  Flames coming from the mouth were glued on - not sewn or Velcro.  Expected much higher quality for the price.  This was a  Christmas gift for my grandson who is 10.
Cost too much for what it is  Fabric is cheap, looks like it would come from one of those claw machines at the arcade.
Tiny Expensive Toy  The toy was so shockingly small when it arrived.  Definitely expensive for a tiny stuffed toy, but my son is obsessed with Lowly Worm, so I hope the attachment  he has to it lasts long enough to be worth the price.
Fake product  This is a fake product. The fox looks like a dog. I bought a knock off at $3 and it looks better
I like the toy enough - though the sound is not like that of a relative whose daughter has one. But my major complaint is the packaging it came in. I wanted it to be in some sort of Fisher Price box like I see in stores. Instead, it was wrapped only in dirty looking plastic. I don't want to give this as a gift now and won't. I've already ordered it - a second one - through the Fisher Price site. So, no, I guess you could say I was not happy with this. It was not sold/sent by Fisher Price. I'm surprised, Amazon - and disappointed - which is a rare thing between you and me.
A 3 dollar toy  This bunny is a rip off. Its fur is cheap and it is tiny- only about 5 inches tall. It is a 3 dollar toy.  I have to keep it bc my daughter loves all stuffies and has already adopted him as one of the family, but this item is way overpriced. Conversely, the Aurora stuffed animals available on Amazon are probably the best quality I've ever seen- get one of those instead.
Generic Black Dragon  Perhaps the designers of this toy should have... I don't know... WATCHED the movie before they made this... Other than the colouring, this looks NOTHING like Toothless.  Doesn't even have the prosthetic.  Fail.
Not worth the price  For the price, it just isn't worth it....I have repaired it numerous times and even re stuffed it.....can't pry it from my grandson's arms so I guess it is worth it...It looks like a carnival toy....tag even says not for resale....so the price could have been a little cheaper than it was.....but, he's happy ......
Shipped me a 7" (tiny) toy???!!!  I don't understand...every one was raving about how big this toy is, and mine came in at a tiny (7") WTH??? I returned it immediately!
Not worth 30 bucks...
Smaller than I expected, for the money.
To small for 5 $ more get the bigger one at pvz store last time i buy from this place
Misleading: Only 1 horse  Misleading and Disappointing - Advertised as "Assortment of 4," only received 1 horse- will return.
It's okay but it doesn't sound like Barney and the voice box inside moves and makes it hard to play
Only received half the order. Got the dinosaur but not the little boy doll.
Mad Cow toy, really?  Mad Cow is a horrible disease.  It is sickening for me to see a plush toy representing it.  You have to be pretty disturbed to buy this for your child!
Not made by DreamWorks
Missing feature  When I got the Bonnie Plush, it had a missing nose. So we  need a replace one. Thanks
Amazon is taking advantage of kids playing Pokmon Go and parents looking to get their kids stuffed toys to enjoy. The lie is in  As with others, the Pikachu we received is NOT the Pikachu pictured. It is not as well made, and its tail and limbs are attached.  Amazon is taking advantage of kids playing Pokmon Go and parents looking to get their kids stuffed toys to enjoy. The lie is in the fine print. Shame.
This plush was unofficial, but it's still very adorible
Santas secret Elf Boy  Now! This elf I did not like. It was a lot smaller then I thought it was. I did not think it was worth the money. I kept it because I did not want to send it back.
Poor Elmo can't stop having "accidents"  Elmo NEVER makes it to the potty on time...even when he does. Even when we align the magnet on his bottom and the potty, Elmo still announces and sings about not making it to the potty on time. Disappointing.
OMG they were the best gifts ever  I bought 2 as gifts for 2 grandsons ! OMG they were the best gifts ever! They would not put them down. They even laid on then to nap! Great toy! !!!
Don't but this item!  Bought this for my mom who has dementia. She loves musical decorations like this. Unfortunately, I didn't read the other reviews. The item doesn't work. It has no on/off switch and I cannot replace the batteries to make it work. I also can't return it because my mother isn't going to understand what happened to her gift. I want to give it ZERO stars, but that isn't an option! What a horrible disappointment!
Part of the reason i purchased them was because they looked like little vampires  I ended up returning the 2 bats I puchased.  Neither of them had the teeth on them.  Part of the reason i purchased them was because they looked like little vampires.  When they came I was so disappointed I returned them for a full refund.
HORRIBLE DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER!!  This seller does not give you what they say they are offering. They give a stuffed animal woody that has a price tag on it for 16.50 and it is in a plastic bag. This description says woody plush with vinyl head, there is no hard head and they charge you 10 dollars more for the stuffed toy they give you. This horrible!!!
great until they break 2 weeks in  Purchased 2 of these one blue and one pink.  In less than 2 weeks both have features that have stopped working.  The Pink ones foot and hand don't respond to being pressed which has caused my 3 year old a meltdown as she got used to it singing at night.  The blue ones foot doesn't work nor does his heart light up anymore.  I've taken great care of these toys and for them to break this quickly is disappointing.
I am disappointed.  very cheap material. Smaller than I thought it would be. I am disappointed.
Accurate to the show: Unreliable and prone to malfunction  Much like the TARDIS on the show, this proved to be highly unreliable. After a bit less than two months, it just stopped working entirely. Changed the batteries and still nothing. A shame, because my daughter loved the sound and light. This break isn't even due to heavy play. It is kept away from our dogs and it never got much more than a dozen or so squeezes in a week. Most of the time it was just carried around.  Super disappointed.
Peeling vinyl material concerning...  Celebi is soft except on the top of it's head and the antenna, where the material is a rough plastic feeling vinyl.  The blue on the antenna is painted or coated and it is a poor paint job.  The blue is peeling off and makes me concerned that my child will probably have this close to his face, since he wants to use it for a play stuffed animal. I have ordered and received many other pokemon plush animals and this one is not up to par.  I would NOT recommend.  The peeling material on the antenna seems a safety hazard to me, not what I was expecting for a child's plush toy.
It was broken in several places. I sent pictures as requested but have not heard back for either reimbursement or new puppy.
We got Mincino instead of the Cinccino  We removed our previous good review for this vender (Toy and Game Outlet), but don't have a way to put a new (bad) review. We ordered a Mincino from Amazon and a Cinccino from Amazon (through Toy and Game Outlet) as the Chrismas gift for the kid. Kid told us on Chrismas day that Santa gave her tow Minicinos, instead of Mincino and Cinccino. I went to internet and did a search. The kid was right. Both plush we received from Amazon are indeed Mincino.  What is the difference? Mincino is for $10, and Cinccino is for $20 from Amazon.
Don't get this "toy!"  We returned this Furby after 3 days. The Furby is always screaming. It was at a volume we would not tolerate in our own child. There is no off button (to turn it off, you put it on its back or pull its tail for 10 seconds, while it talks constantly). There is no volume control. It's "Furby language" is baby talk and our child started doing baby talk after having this toy.  The Furby turned evil after 2 days and scared my child and suddenly it knew "English" but it was VERY inappropriate talk and VERY trashy. To fix this, you have to pet the Furby on the head for a couple of minutes. You will know it is in evil mode if it has flames and lighting bolts in its eyes. Nice Furby has hearts and rainbows in the eyes. After day 2 we had to watch a bunch of videos on how you turn your Furby back to nice. It was screaming from another room in inappropriate content. It doesn't learn English, it seems to be on some kind of programmed timer where it adds additional words, but they are all pre-programmed, they aren't words you actually say. You can ask it a question, and it will say something random.  You could feed it by putting your finger in its mouth, otherwise you use the app. The app is super cumbersome, you always have to scan the Furby, but it takes a long time of cyborg like pointing your tablet at the Furby, and then there are lots of errors and you have to redo. The unit doesn't understand what you are saying to it and it can't understand your name.  We returned this after 3 days and regret the purchase completely. We would not recommend this to anyone.
Quite small  expected the height to be 11" as description says.. turns out the length is 11" the height is only 6.5"
Three Stars  I ordered a boo but i got a princess peach....
I don't think it's worth as much as it cost.
Doesn't stay together...  While the idea is cool that his body pulls apart with elastic string, it doesn't stay together very well. It's hard to make him sit up.  His voice is cool, though.
it's not what I ordered it look like a different pikachu plush.theres no actual similaritys to it
Never worked.
Does NOT have a Kuromi blanket, it's Hello Kitty.  VERY dissapointing!  The Picture is a LIE!  WOW, so misleading.  Really thought that I was getting a Kuromi blanket with a Kuromi pillow because you know when that's what the picture is of then that is what I really expect to get.  The Pillow is awesome, it is huge and well my daughter uses it as a pillow, but the blanket.. it is HELLO KITTY.  My daughter HATES Hello Kitty and she was SO excited when she opened this for her birthday, but then that quickly faded as she unraveled the cover only to see the one thing she hates the most.. Hello Kitty.  I know Kuromi is a hello kittly character, but I didn't order this to have anything to do with hello kitty..it was SUPPOSE to be Kuromi.  I felt so bad for her.. It was an instant love/hate gift.  What a waste.  Would have been so much better if the picture would have been what I was getting!
WASTE OF MONEY  Worst thing ever!!!! $24.00 for tht small thing
I received this and it never worked.
Disappointed  While the plush Olaf is extremely cute and seems well put together; the talking feature does not work.  My son just received this fire Christmas and is upset that he doesn't "talks as advertised.
I got it for my great granddaughters lst birthday on October 20 and it doesn't work!
Do not order these shipping is way too long
Wish packed in firm box  It was simply stuffed in to vinyl envelope. The neck doesn't stay straight up and can't stretch wings like the picture. Very disappointed experience.
My son likes the toy, but it's super loud & it takes forever to stop making noise after you set it down. If you don't like hearing the Rabbid "Bwaaaa" noise at high decibals, then I would not buy it.
YELLOW...like and Emoji (NOT BROWN OR TAN)  The actual toy was YELLOW...like an emoji!  Not even close to tan or brown.  Soft and bigger than I expected, though.
This plush is nowhere near the described size. it's about seven inches tall. What a ripoff.
Started talking very weird within a week
don't bother.  Doesn't look anything like the picture.
It looked like lavender in the photos  It was gray.  It looked like lavender in the photos.  Overpriced, also.
NEVER WORKED. PLEASE SEND NEW ONE. CHEAP.
Looks cool online the lil dolly came defective laces were tornbutton messed up so my granddaughter cant learn too dress herself with defective dress up dolly. The doll is very cute just received a bogus Doll.
These are fine for small  My son received Zuma and Rocky as a b-day gift, and I ordered this lot and an Everest to round out the group.  Unfortunately, the material used to make these plush animals is way different than the material used to make the other plush animals we received.  They others are simply waaaay nicer than these.  These are fine for small, inexpensive toys, but they are the kind of animals I would expect to find in the dollar store or similar. They just don't match up with the others.
Cheaply made  Not well made...fur was coming off in clumps.  I wouldn't purchase it again.
More than double the price from Disney Store  UPDATE: I requested and received a refund from this seller in a fast and courteous manner. For that reason, I would give them 3 stars instead of 2 stars.  The doll was received in good condition. However, at $38, this doll was more than twice the price of the one my daughter found at the Disney Store for just $15. I just assumed the best price would be on Amazon, and because it was the next one my granddaughter wanted, I bought it, thinking the Disney Store Online would be more expensive.  I requested a refund because of the outrageous price.
uh $56 at target?  This is $56 at target...super cute though
much smaller then i thought
HELP!!!!  I need help with this order.  I bought it early for my granddaughter's birthday and just gave it to her.  The blue captain's hat is not working and I would like it replaced. When the blue hat is on , he talks like a cowboy not the captain. Any help you can give is greatly appreciated.
I give this 1 out of 5 stars because the product was not as described and I would not recommend purchasing.  I recently purchased this Lil' Stitches plush doll for a friend who was admitted to the hospital for an emergency. The product said it included a redeemable code for an in-game skin for Heroes of the Storm, but the loot card that was supposed to be with the product was not included. I give this 1 out of 5 stars because the product was not as described and I would not recommend purchasing.
Tail already tearing  The reason this gets one star is out of ALL the plush toys we have ordered online, this is the only one that seems to not hold up, the tail is already coming apart and the stuffing is coming out, and it was not inexpensive compared to other plush prices.
Wrong size  When I bought the 2 kits, I choose the option "4pcs 28-38cm" And I received small toys. The mother and father does not have neither 25cm! I was deceived!
There was a tag on it but it had been recently attached.  There was a seam coming unsewn.  It's condition was fair
Very cheaply made. Only paid that much because I needed it for my 2 year old grandson.
not pleased  Was excited to receive so quickly. My son carried it around for one day and now the stitching is coming apart in more than one spot. His nose, back ,and arm are all losing stitches. Not impressed.
Cute but not what I expected  It is a cute monkey/gorilla , it is very soft and seems to be well made . However , it is extremely top heavy . The head is much heavier and larger than the torso and so it can't sit up unless leaning against something . When it is sitting , it's maybe 2 1/2 feet tall ( so the length mostly comes from legs ). My daughter was looking for something larger . So while it's made of a nice material , she would have probably been happier with a cheaper made and larger monkey from any big box store . Not worth the $70 I paid , in my opinion.
Quality Deals lack quality.  I am waiting you to tell you not only did I get the wrong item, but you second day air took four days. If I could I would give you negative stars because not only do I have to spend the time to fix this I must console a little girl who now thinks Halloween is ruined because her costume is not right. How hard is to read the package(a clear plastic bag) and see that the contents do not match what is written on the bag? Secondly putting an invoice into the box must have presented major a challenge as well this would have been your second chance to see that the ordered item and the one you shipped did not match Next the prices of the item ordered and the one shipped were about 50% different yet another chance to get the order right missed In baseball you get 3 strikes and then you are out. Well you have had your 3 strikes and you are out or at least your Quality Assurance dept should be. Can you people tell the difference between a lizard and 3 peas in a pod, apparently not. I wanted to contact you but there was no phone number to do that. All I can do is send you this e-mail which I am sure you will ignore. Not only will I never purchase anything from you I will also tell my friends and family not to purchase from you. I am also going to post this note on Amazon for every one to see
Only Accidents Here  Elmo always has an "accident."  I read reviews that attributed this to being in demo mode, but even after turning this off, he still only sings the accident song. This confuses my toddlers.
looks kind of cheap, not as soft as I imagined it
Very disappointed bcll not what we ordered very small not worth the money, boy disappointed !!
The torso was some what out of shape , but my kid didn't care
Like another reviewer  Like another reviewer, I received the angry face plush instead of the happy face. In addition, it was dirty, the packaging was damaged, and the press button looked like it had been pressed a thousand times. Obviously, this was a floor model somewhere. Returning it now.
sorry I bought this - big disappointment  way way way too small.  I measured the size before I bought it but it's just a tiny little toy.  Very disappointed and my granddaughter even commented that it was so small.
Cute product not so cute quality  Felt like it would hold up nicely, but after aboput a week you can see that the eyes are just cheaply glued and you might have to fix tthem yourself and also the metal clips around his mouth sometimes come loose and will fall off so you might want to be careful for the first couple times the frog will be really hard to open so you might have to use some force but be very careful because the metal could slip out.
Not the JUMBO OLAF  We already had the jumbo Olaf, we wanted another one. THIS IS NOT THE JUMBO OLAF. It's a smaller version
Could have paid just a tag bit more for a different dog. This one is really small in size
Not good quality.  Not good quality..looks like a dog toy! I was very disappointed.. I ordered Luigi from a different company and it was really nice and soft.. this Mario was coming apart in some spots and just really cheap looking and felt cheap too.  Not worth the money.. maybe worth $2-$3.. feels like something you win out of a machine.
Fake  Fake, not received as pictured after thorough researching. Not authentic at all.
He didn't look like he was 10 in tall.
The torso of the turtle should be bigger....longer legs and shorter arms. The turtle shell is down at his thighs/knees. He doesn't play with it. Makes a very expensive stuffed toy.
Smaller than anticipated - read product description  Purchased this toy for our neighbor.  The only thing I can review so far is that I definitely did not read the product description very well.  Just looking at the image leads you to believe it would big enough to hug.  It's small.  Disappointingly so.
Awful  This toy sheds!!!
This item wasn't authentic.
Disappointed  I got the toy and it's not stitched under the ribcage.. you can see stuffing
NO TALKING  "Talking" is a misnomer.  Received one with a damaged sound box of some kind.  Returned it.  Replacement one played no sound at all.  Tried replacing batteries also.  Pretty disappointing for kids.
Cute but super disappointed with the amount I paid for it  Cute but super disappointed with the amount I paid for it. So small for the price. My son wanted if not I would return.
Disappointed  My niece was really excited to get this as a Christmas gift. However the second day of having it the stitching is already coming undone. Very disappointed because she loved this gift.
Do Not buy this toy  First the product is only one light up toy not 3 as shown in the picture for $16.00. Second I got this for my grandson's 1st Birthday The very first time he used it in the tub he threw it into the water and it hit the side of a fiberglass tub and got a huge crack. So now it is not safe as a bath tub toy.  Third it was so difficult to put the batteries in.
Does not resemble Olaf that much  Didn't resemble Olaf, so we bought a different one from Bed Bath and Beyond later.
Not plush  This item should not be considered plush. The eyes, ears, hands, and feet are very hard plastic making it difficult and almost painful for a child to cuddle.
Came with a huge rip in it  Had a huge rip in the skirt still in the bag. Was a gift for a birthday and had to return it.
Disappointed  The Shrek does not talk I have tried repeatedly
Do not buy  This was actually a gift and I feel bad my sister had to waste her money. This was not at all worth buying. Upon opening this toy, the box was already falling apart. The Gizmo it self was disappointing, the ears,hands and plastic feet were poorly glued on. One of the hands was dangling. The eyes were cock-eyed and the mouth piece was also poorly glued on. It just seems the final execution of this toy was over looked. There was glue residual causing the fur to look flat not plushy! and parts of the seems were sticking out. This was a gift for my daughter and when she held it in her hands her smile quickly turned into a sad face and she didn't think twice running away from it. In my book it deserves half a star not one/.
very small, poor quality  11" is over all size actual head very small not like photo poor quality imporedt junk  don't buy,you will regret
Far too small
Broken clip  It broke like the original one after about the third clip on.
Roll of the dice  Seems like some people who order this get a well-made authentic version and some get a Chinese bootleg. The one I received was not poseable like other people's, and the headphones were not like the ones in the picture - she just had pink hair ribbons. The tag said "Miku Hachune." There was one place where her hair (which is glued-on felt) was coming unglued from her head already when we got it out of the box. She had a leek in her hand, but it also came unglued within 5 minutes of my daughter playing with it. Still a cute doll, but probably going to ask for my money back as it does not seem well put together.
It was supposed to be 6" but it's only 2"!!!!!!
Did not come with the mini book as pictured
My daughter is scared of it. She's had nightmares ever since opening the package
Don't waste your money  This was ridiculously cheap made and I can not give this Olaf to my Grand child for Christmas.  Don't waste your money!!
Black Yoshi a let down from this seller  I was dissapointed when this arrived. the saddle is terrible.  Unlike every other Yoshi the white fabric on the saddle flares out instead of being tucked in so it looks like it's going to fly away. It's also made out of felt as opposed to the rest of the yoshi which is a softer fabric. The feet are also substantially bigger than pictured and the head is a slightly different shape. The seams are poorly done. One seam was already coming apart when it arrived.  It was a very big let down since my family collects the different Yoshis.
Price doubled overnight  I've bought over 10 of these. I won't buy another since they've doubled in price overnight. Must've realized a lot of people were buying and they upped the price. From the sounds of the reviews you've lost a lot of sales. If the price is brought back down I will continue to buy these.
Not the same as the picture.  The title explains it all. It is a plush toy, but there are many visible stitches all over the toy, even across the face. I wouldn't recommend getting this toy if you want a cute pikachu, because the given product is much more hideous than it is shown here on amazon.
Don't buy. Not as described.  I bought this one along with Bonnie and Foxy. They were all supposed to be 10" plushies in the box. Bonnie came as a 10" plushies but the other two were little ones in bags. Don't buy these, they are not what is described. I'm very upset as these were birthday presents.
Imitation, not the real thing  Not the real one, not as soft and well made.  Look elsewhere by San-X, and check the detailed stitching lines on the San-X Japan website.  The label says Rilakumma. I purchased smaller sized ones, and this one definitely does not match their design. Sending this back
Too small  I purchased this for a 2 year old and I must say, it is too small. I will give it to him but I hesitate in purchasing additional items...I will check the size first.
It doesn't even sound like Barney! Poor quality!
The Charizard I received had its wings sewn on upside down.
Misleading  Picture was misleading. Got three of them winking and one of them sleeping.
Incorrect description  Very disappointed that i received the just play version instead of the authentic Disney store as described
Stolen
Buyer beware  I purchased these for Christmas. Based on the current price of $24, I got an excellent price via lightening deals for $11.  Even at that price I felt ripped off. If they were only stuffed, and sold as such, other than being small (about the size of a softball), they would be fine, although I still wouldn't have spent that much money. Now for the feature that sold me on buying them- the sounds. First of all, the sound does not automatically occur when throwing it but only when you're able to locate the small box inside the stuffed bird/pig, which seemingly moves throughout the inside, and is squeezed at just the right angle will sound happen. Also, after just two weeks of use, which was minimal use at best, the birds stopped making any sounds all together while the pig, which is rarely used, will snort if you're able to find the small box and squeeze it just right.  Nonetheless, I would recommend anyone looking to buy these, should save their money unless they've got money to burn.
Not great quality. Headband ripped off & some additional stitching came undone with only light playing.
No Disney Seal  While the toy its self is perfect, soft shiny ETC. According to the description it is supposed to have the "Disney Seal" I've searched everywhere and it only has a paper Disney tag....
Everything but the most important thing was perfect. Sounds great  Everything but the most important thing was perfect.  Sounds great, looks and feels great.  Arrived very quickly.  BUT, what the toy says is all Captain Smek stuff... Not what Oh would or did say.  Huge disappointment to the child who received it.  It's absolutely ridiculous the makers would put someone else's words in a specific character.
My son loved it but the sound button never made noise.
Small
Don't buy this  Not as advertised. Inferior product. I returned this.
Scary Snowman  This toy freaks me out but my kid likes it. She's two, so she has no taste in fine things.
Extremely small. Not like the pic  I bought this to give as a gift, it doesnt even come in a box. Its extremely small. Im very disappointed I won't be giving this as a gift. I haven't even put in batteries to see if it works. Waste of money
The head is so poorly sewn to the shell it already looks like it's coming off  Very, very poorly sewn. Stuffing coming out, a strand of red mixed with one of the blue shapes on the shell. The head is so poorly sewn to the shell it already looks like it's coming off.
Hole in the nose  These are small dolls. About the size of an adults hand. Which for me is ok. They are to be used for teaching purposes anyway. I don't want a large doll. For the price. The quality is not good at all. We are homeschoolers. I plan on using these with our 5 children. I don't see them lasting very long. When the package came Kingie (the small red doll) already had a hole in the nose!!! My children LOVE these math books. They also love stuffed animals. So this has been something that has been on our wish list. The sellers information was impossible to find. After waiting I was really hoping I didn't have to go through sending it back. Then waiting again! Amazon refunded our entire purchase price. No replacement unless we order it again. I'm happy we got a refund! I wish the doll came without the hole though.
The quality was not very good.
Cheaply made, the music is glitchy sounding.
Looks like a rat  Not only do i not find this cute, it looks like a skeeby rat. To me it does not look like the picture- perhaps becasue the picture here is a side view while in live front view, the face is creepy - scrunched together somehow. It  looks like a rat and the fur overall to me looks skeeby just like a rat, not a nice furry attractive plush. Ive had a jackrabbit plush animal that was adorable so it is possible to have cute rabbits. this is going right back. did not even open the plastic or spread our the antlers. Would not keep even if 5 dollars.
Not fair guys !!  The toy is simply not what it looks like in picture. My nephew almost got scared and me too. The doll's face is really not right. We trust Disney brand blindly but this time I am really disappointed. Choose different product.
Caution!  This was a very poor quality knock off. It didn't look anything like the picture. It arrived with a couple stains like yellow paint thumb prints? It was only partially sewn in some areas too. Bizarre.... Amazon refunded & handled it properly
fake smlles like chese and ,mouth is about 6 inchies out
Why is this pup so much more expensive than the others
It's very small and doesn't seem well made  I purchased the BaoBao bear. Unlike the other reviewers, I realized the bear wouldn't be "stuffed" but had no idea it was going to be so small! If I fold up the arms and legs on top of the bear's body, it's only about the size of my hand...  It's also a different brown than the picture and isn't very high quality.  Also, little bits of the bear's fur sheds when you pinch at it. I bought this for my 6 month old to play with and as babies tend to chew on things when they "play" with them, I thought the material would be a higher quality. I wouldn't want my daughter to have bits of stuffed animal fur in her mouth :(  When I buy things for my baby in stores, I always do a pluck/pinch test to see if bits and chunks of the toy's "fur" sheds. I guess I just thought that because Bunnies By The Bay seems to specialize in baby toys, they would be more attentive to details like this.  I would not buy another product from this company.
Very small  Not even close to 8 inches even measuring diagonal. Returning
Wrong Yoda!!  This is the second time I find this Yoda (the Yoda in the picture holding a staff) on Amazon and purchase it. This is the second time I receive the Yoda holding a lightsaber. Which is clearly not the Yoda you have pictured! Unfair. I don't want the Yoda with the lightsaber, it's ugly!! False advertisement. :( Not remotely happy with my purchase. Change the picture!!!
sylveon  Because the toy took over a month to arrive (it apparently is shipped from China), my daughter was so excited when the package arrive.  Upon opening it she looked crushed. The doll is very cute but is much smaller than we would have expected for a 10" toy, especially at that price.  I believe they must measure it from the tip of the ears down to the ground. The doll is now a chew toy for our puppy.
His hair is funny.  Olaf is stupid and I don't like him.  But I feel for a guy who has to sport a nose like that.
Bootlegs  If you want a fake low quality bootleg buy from here.  The legit Poke Doll version of Umbreon runs for $30 and up, with the minky fabric ones running even higher.
:(  Cheaply made, I cant give this as a gift.
Hideious!  This was one creepy looking doll ever! My daughter loves, eats and breaths Dora but she would not even look at this doll. This doll is scary. I gave it back and got my money back for it! Its small but very creepy.
Its tiny
Accurately pictured, its just not a very accurate-looking nor pleasant-to-hold doll of the Heartless Shadow  It does look as pictured, the more fundamental problem is that this doll just doesn't do the actual Heartless Shadow character any justice when compared to the appearance in the game(s). Its also very rigid and coarse to the touch, so its both barely maneuverable and unpleasant to hold. If you're looking for accuracy, or simply a nicer-feeling plush doll, you're better off looking elsewhere.
Now I have a very disappointed  Came with a hole in his leg! Now I have a very disappointed toddler
FOREIGNERS DO NOT BUY FROM THIS STORE. THEY DO NOT RESPECT THE CUSTOMERS AND WHAT THEY ASK.  I live in Brazil and made an order to deliver to a friend who was in the United States.  After I realize that shipping was delayed and did not arrive in time before he left, I tried to cancel order TWICE - BEFORE shipping. The company sent the request anyway, against my will. Result: When the order arrived the hotel, my friend had already returned to Brazil.  Showed all emails Cancellation and also proof that he was gone, but the seller refused to make refund and the Amazon site connived with him, ignoring that I tried to cancel the purchase. It's a shame they treat a honest customer this way.  My lawyer will take appropriate action.
The cord is pretty tight.  Doesn't pull apart. All pieces are on an elastic cord. The cord is pretty tight.
Knock off, but a cute knock off  Cute plush zombie. Looks almost exactly like the picture. A few loose threads. Why the two stars, you ask?  Well, hence the almost. One of the description photos shows a lovely view of the plush in a 3/4 box. The item that arrived was in a clear cellophane bag. No box. Normally, I wouldn't care except for three things. First, it's a gift. Second, I paid for the real thing. And third, THE PHOTO SHOWS THE PLUSH IN SHOWN IN THE BOX!  So, not as described. If you are expecting a genuine minecraft plush, this is not it.
Extremely small  Ridiculously small.
Great, except for gross Cotton Candy Smell  Really well made plush, but the cotton candy smell is unbearable.
Seems it is made cheaply
The two stars are because Im guessing the real toy is probably pretty cool, but we wouldnt know  Mine came just in time for Easter baskets, annnd of course without enough time to send it back after realizing Id been sent the biggest and crappiest fake ever! Of course the secondary sticker said it was a talking B.B., but the original tag gave it away for what it was. A cheap Kohls Cares stuffed toy that someone probably spent no more than a couple bucks on in the end. So BUYER BEWARE! You never know if you're gonna get the real thing or not here! The two stars are because Im guessing the real toy is probably pretty cool, but we wouldnt know. The missing stars are because Im sick of this stuff happening with an increasing frequency on Amazon.
False Advertising  Did not receive product advertised in picture. Instead got a dopey looking stuffed animal which resembles an alpaca but certainly is not as cute.
Why would you make it this way?  Ok so maybe if you read more you will notice it is only "app sounds" and not acting the repeating Tom like the iPad version. My question is though why would anyone want this and NOT want it to repeat what you say. That is the whole point! The few sounds it makes are not worth it. My daughter wanted it to repeat what she says like Ben does. What a wasted Christmas gift. Guess you get what you pay for although I didn't pay much more for the dog one.
Rips easily along the ribbon seem  My one year old daughter loves this, but I've bought her two now, and both ripped immediately.  She only sleeps with them so I can't imagine why they are falling apart so easily. I will not purchase this item again for her, or as a gift for anyone else. Very disappointed...
Stupidest item that has ever been order from my account
Very annoying toy.  I bought this for my 6 year old and I feel I must warn anyone considering buying one.  It is a very loud toy and there is no sound control adjustment.  Also, we wanted to take this with us to the movie and there is no on/off switch.  When she took it to bed it kept talking and talking.  I thought she was playing with it but she wasn't.  If she turned over it would sound off.  I had to take it out of her bed.  This toy is very sensitive to touch.  She took it with her in the car and it sounded off on every little bump. We eventually had to take the batteries out just so she could hold and play with it.
Terrible. The hair is matted and looks old not fluffy and soft and smooth like in the picture. There are pieces of glue from where fur was glued on that left raw sharp edges. Tried to return but too much of a hassle. Very disappointed for my son. Not worth it.
Fur comes out.  Can't give to infant as described in baby magazine.  I bought this bear after reading reviews in a baby magazine.  I planned to give it to my not yet born baby, but I will have to hold off till she is much older.  The "fur" of this bear is loose in many areas and can easily be pulled out therefore posing a hazard to infants.  I can't tell if I received a defective product or if this is simply the quality of manufacturing.  I noticed the problem immediately upon removal from box.  This bear wasn't cheap, so it's disappointing,  and I now have to buy another 1st teddy bear for my baby.
We saw a small one of these in a store and forgot to pick it up. We got it in a timely manner and it was just as we remembered only much BIGGER. we only gave it two stars because the sound broke two days after Christmas and we just noticed that his head is already coming unstitched near his horn.
He can make one word at one time squeeze like: la Another squeeze  He can't sing! He can make one word at one time squeeze like : la Another squeeze: make me So boring!
The doll falls over when you try to put in a sitting position. It also is every cheaply made for the money. I feel that this purchase and some other  past purchases from your foreign companies, were very disappointing and will not buy anything else made from china. The price is too high for the quality.
TOY BEING SOLD IS NOT THE SAME TOY IN THE DESCRIPTION!!!  <div id="video-block-R2JEOO3UW6YZP0" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1V1vNJDkOS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61iDQ%2BiYpQS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;In the video, I show you the toy that you are actually being sold.  Please notice the distinct differences in make and model than what you see in the given picture for this product, and please realize that your paying a MUCH different price than the actual Disney website.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Disney-Store-Large-Plush-Stuffed-Animal-Toy-STITCH-18-H-seated/dp/B00671JP16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Disney Store Large Plush Stuffed Animal Toy -- STITCH (18'' H seated)</a>  If you go to Disney's online store directly, you can get this toy for $39.50, even.  I have returned this item twice now, trying to get the specific toy in the image and title of the listing, to no avail.  Do not be fooled by either Amazon sellers or 3rd party sellers.  If you shop around the amazon web pages, and look at the 18 inch plush stitch listings, you will find the same sellers (and the price is much much lower, so they know they are over charging you for what they are actually giving you).  So yeah, in brief, this specific ad is a fraud.
fake
Eh......  I (i mean santa lol) got this for my daughter for christmas, it doesnt seem to always work properly the words don't go along with the motions, n sometimes when he "sits down" he rolls all the way back.  My daughter is currently scared of it lol so maybe when she gets a lil older she'll like it! Kinda bummed that it doesnt work all that great though. Not to mention it requires 6 AA batteries yikes!
Arrived with a broken back leg
Was really looking forward to this coming in the mail as a Christmas present for my friend, thinking it would arrive in a somewhat nice box, only to come home and find it stuffed into a plastic bag so it can be squished and altered throughout being shipped. I open up the package and one of the wings is completely bent the other way and will not go back into place. It's head was smashed into its body and still hangs awkwardly now and it's arms keep getting stuck behind the wings. This was a big let down, seeing how all they had to do was spend a tiny bit more money to put it in a box and ship it out like that. You can probably find a better plush from Toys-R-Us or some place like that.
Cute but annoying.  You have to squeeze quite hard and constantly to get a note out of Cookie Monster. Not a favorite toy. Though it's very cute with the soft blue fur, the novelty of it isn't there.
I didn't see the fine print I  It was a lot smaller than expected, I didn't see the fine print I guess
Cute but very small.
Poorly made for the price.
it is the worst experience.  Don't buy it. it is the worst experience.
Poor Quality  Looks like a cheap toy I could have ordered for $1 on Wish. Disappointed.
poor quality.  The face of the engine is upside down. I'm going to have to return this which is seriously going to cause a meltdown in the house. My son was so happy to get this until he saw the face.
Does not talk... just silly sounds.  Does not talk...just silly sounds.
not pleased  the doll was not what i expected.  it was not made well and was not worth what i paid, half the price would be more reasonable.
Meh  too small for the price it was disappointing to open the box. actually it did not even come in a box but an envelope
Nothing like what's advertised  Awful. Just terrible. Looks like Elmo's creepy uncle.
Not even close.  Just got mine today, and it looks terrible. The poor thing thing looks deformed, and no where close to what they advertised. I didn't wait almost 3 weeks for this trash. I WILL be sending mine back.
I LOVED this to use for birth stats  I LOVED this to use for birth stats! However, once the price doubled, I now have 3 choices. 1. Change my price and make customers unhappy 2. eat the cost and lose money 3. Stop doing them all together. I HATE THAT I NOW HAVE TO MAKE THIS CHOICE!
Not even a month after we received the item one of the whiskers came off. After that my son didn't want to play with it anymore.
horrible craftsmanship  Cheap craftsmanship. Pieces were falling off on the third day.  Also has a suction cup attachment. I don't remember seeing this in the pictures or reading it in the description but it wasn't a very big deal. Why I didn't give it a one star is because my nephew still loved it. Made his Christmas.
Received it material is ripped.
I bought this as a birthday gift and apparently in a few short weeks only one of the eyes lights up anymore.  Very disappointing!
DO NOT BUY!!  THIS IS A FAKE!!!  We have purchased multiple Mario characters and this one is a cheap knock-off.  It looks NOTHING like the one in the picture which is an authentic, liscensed product.  My child was very disappointed.
Not happy  Just got this for a friend and it's absolutely tiny. Really disappointed.
The picture shown was very deceiving. The minions look bigger not six inches. A total scam. Those were for my granddaughters.
Not Washable and looks Off  This is quite large and Tiggy is hard plastic. The face really looks like a dopped up knock off daniel. (Hes sleepy) it has momma tiger sing barely 15 seconds. Almost all sounds are 10-15 seconds . Which is pretty short!! Tiggy has a blue led. When ever you push the button he lights up like a Christmas tree. The week we bought it, kiddo got sick in bed. We can not wash it because the battery pack is sewn in.  Overall, no I would not repurchase and it was expensive
I bought this for my niece for her birthday and less than 24 hrs it was ripped!
Would not recommend if expect on time  Came in 2 weeks later than expected. But great Minnie my niece will love it for Christmas came in too late for birthday!
Not the best  It's a very cute peppa the whole concept is age appropriate but item did not meet expectations. The want that shows in the picture was not attached to her hand..... And there was a string coming off of the toys hand where it was suppose to be attached. Kinda a let down.
Don't order it  It was okay but not as nice as the ones I saw at Target and Around the same price too. Grand child liked it.
When I got here it was torn and 1 inch long.
Is this the same thing?  I am a Chinese, this is my first time in the Amazon shopping, very disappointed, in kind and the picture is too much!
Disappointed. Elmo did not giggle or make any sound at all
measurements are important  expected a much larger doll
I did not buy it but if you look closely its a bootleg plush.
Only spoke as prince. Not cowboy or pirate
HUGELY disappointed with the quality of this  HUGELY disappointed with the quality of this.  It's possible that this was not brand new as well.  I received this and went to wrap it for a xmas gift for m son.  The head and tummy immediately fell apart.  There is a rubberized type shoestring that runs throughout the entire three pieces of plush and has a knot on the top end that sticks through Olaf's head to keep it on so that you can disconnect each piece which have velcro on them, but that they won't separate.  Well as soon as I pulled it out of the box, the entire thing was separated.  The knot was undone, and wouldn't go back together.  I spent four hours in my basement (hiding from my son) going through my husband's toolbox trying to find ways to rig it back together.  It was ridiculous!  Would never purchase from this company again!
OOPS  I thought it would be more stuffed. When I first saw it, I thought it had been deflated. Not what I expected.
cheap, don't buy  I was very disappointed when I received this product. I wanted to give it as a gift but it is so low quality I would be embarrassed to give it to anyone. It looks like something you would get at the dollar store :(
POOR PRODUCT  This broke in seconds. Cheaply made. Material used can not tolerate the stretching force so the toy broke on the 3rd "shot". I bought 3, they all failed.
Horribly made
They ran out. I tried to sign up for the waiting list for more, but they just refunded me.
not so pretty features.  Not what I expected..smaller in size..not so pretty features..
I am very disappointed!  This did not work properly.  The only snowman that moved was the one with the top hat and that one had minimal movement.  I am very disappointed!
carnival quality!  The 4 year old child I bought this for loved it, obviously, but I personally thought it was poor quality. I don't believe the stiching will hold up for very long and the mane and tail hair has been falling out!
Very disappointed in this  Not really what I wanted and not worth the money.  As stated, it comes in a clear plastic bag, no other packaging.  This Ben makes app sounds and that's it.  It does not repeat what you say.  Very disappointed in this.
NOT THE PLUSH FROM SUPERMARIOLOGAN  THIS IS NOT THE PLUSH FROM SUPERMARIOLOGAN! I bought it and it was completely wrong, it's way too cheap, and the appearance is a lot more different, it looks a lot different than from the picture! DO NOT BUY IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THE BLACK YOSHI FROM LOGAN!
The item had a small hole that looked to be patched so I didn't see it at first and I'm not sure how they measure the 15" but to me it was smaller then that.
Exploded Batteries  The Chavo looks like the picture and everything and it is very cute, but the thing that's wrong with my Chavo is that the batteries were exploded when I checked to see why the Chavo was stuttering. Then I had spend $5.98 for 3 individual batteries for the voice box, so it was great and all but I would have liked if they checked if the batteries weren't exploded because the Chavo isn't even for me it's for a 2 year old.
Disappointing  In general, it's cute and soft and nice; however, the one I got has a very lopsided face? The mouth is incomplete, and the eyes are offset of each other. I ordered this for a friends birthday, and I'm honestly hesitant to give this to her. It really look like a last minute attempt that I randomly won at a fair.
Very cheap, and hard, u can feel the plastic tubes in the legs
The head is too heavy for the body and flops down. Disappointing.
meh  meh. not thrilled with this purchase. smaller than I expected, guess I should have read the description a little better with dimensions, etc. oh well. hopefully the the 5 year old recipient with like it.
Couple parts didn't work.  They made no sound.  Had to return.
Some buckles were too hard for my 18 month old to get and so he lost interest after trying.  It didn't hold his attention. This toy lasted 2minutes. After reading reviews I thought it was a winner, but it turned out to be the opposite.
Highly disappointed with that  Got this for my 13 year old brother in law for Christmas. He unwrapped it and had it out of bag for all of about 15 min. And the foot came off the leg. Highly disappointed with that. Other than that he loves it.
Would be great if this is the product they actually advertised, but it's a cheap knockoff.  Thanks a lot.
Not really all that impressed.
Smaller than thought  The shipping was late and the plush was smaller than expected.  The company was good at making it right, but was disappointed  in this product.
Stopped talking after 1 month (hardly used during that time).  Attempted to get customer support for fixing it - no luck
Scammed by the picture  I searched & read & searched again trying to make sure this wasn't the doll I was getting.  I wanted the Woody that is in the picture.  Please don't be fooled.  It should be considered false advertisement even if the description says it's all plush.  If your like me & look through pages of an item to determine the best one sometimes you get confused by all the information & pick the one in the end that looks the best.  This is all my 4yr. old wanted for his birthday, WOW what a dissappointment. No voice box just a very cheaply made stuffed doll that is NOT what is pictured.  It's similar to the Ty Boys & girls that run about $7-10 bucks at any Hallmark or toy store.  What a waste.  Won't be doing business with this company again.
It stop working in one day
Not what I expected  Elmo arrived quicker than I expected but he didn't look new as advertised. The box was ripped and worn looking, which was not disclosed in the description. Only after I received it, did it say the box was ripped from the store. Elmo had something sticky and matted on the back of his head and his nose was dirty. He looked played with than put back in a box. This was a gift for a ten month old but I was too embarrass to give it. He is down in a garage sale box and I found something different to give. I was very disappoint.
Doesn't look like the picture  The head is disfigured and catbus isn't fluffy like it is in the picture provided. The legs are also all stitched together. Was a little disappointed. It's still pretty soft though. Just has very, very short fur.
Defective  Cute idea for a toy, but ours is defective and does not recognize when you put Elmo on the potty.
Great Idea, but defective right after receiving.  Awe, I wish I could write a great review, because this is such a great toy. My 15 months old daughter loves trying to buckle things.  She's played with this for about an hour, and the blue strap is already ripping off completely.  I will need to send it back and hopefully get a refund or replacement.  I'm giving 2 stars because it's a great idea, but it shouldn't be falling apart after an hour.  Had to revise to one star. After a couple days of playing with the toy, most straps are tearing off.
hope for better luck next time  I received a fake and I was sad over it being I've been looking out for this plush since last year. the seller was very nice and refunded my money.  I made a video using the fake to tell them apart and hope it will educate a lot of customers and sellers on what to look for. as soon as the Pokemon center website opens on the 6th I'll be ordering the real one.  other than that it was soft just not durable or anything
very small
Not as advertised  The Mickey shipped to me is not the Mickey pictured.  There is not a logo on the foot.  The Mickey I received is a cheaper built toy.  Mine is not soft.  It reminds me of the carnival toy you win when you pop the balloons.  Returning...
skill crane quality  The doll is not yellow. Its a very pale yellow. Same goes for the apron, they are a pale blue. The doll looks dirty and has loose threads. I was disappointed.
its not working
Luck of the draw  I did NOT receive the item pictured - instead I received what appeared to be a different version, cheaply made with scratchy materials and a hang tag in Japanese for "The Minish Cap" game, so it may have been either a cheap crane prize version or a Chinese-made knockoff. It seems some buyers got an authentic version; unfortunately, that was not my experience. Either way, I was extremely disappointed.
Meh, its ok...  This bullseye is WAY smaller than what it is described as. Its tiny compared to the Woody and Jessie purchased at the Disney store. I went on here and bought a Buzz and Bullseye as the store was sold out and the seller supposedly was Disney fulfilled through Amazon. Such a rip off for toys half the size, made very cheaply. I'm pretty disappointed with this purchase.
way to kill a surprise.i was/am humiliated  soooo much smaller thanexpect.should say pocket bullseye. came in a tiny bag.baby is heartbroken.worthless.in huge box.ive seen bigger key chains.
Poorly made  Product does not look like the picture !
It is much smaller than the stitch doll that is said to be two inches smaller the hair is like a sack made cheap not like stitch  Mine came with soda I ordered so it was ruined however I would not pay 24.99 for this the stitch doll even though it doubled in price I was still pleased with the quality this is a pathetic excuse for a doll the hair is a cloth sack if the idea was to make it move like a cartoon and look super cheap that is what they did It is also smaller not taller than the matching stitch doll My lilo was ruined because soda syrup is stained all over it I would pay the fifty dollars for the other doll in the red dress I am not sure how my refund or hopefully not an exchange as this is the worst Disney item I have ever seen I would not pay more than ten dollars tops  If you have a toddler maybe but an older girl will not like this doll the stitch doll is great big mistake on the pathetic excuse for the hair on the doll
Meh-cheaply made.
I'm not really sure I'd like to buy this plush  I'm not really sure I'd like to buy this plush. It's overall design looks kind of cheap, and just not like anything I'd want to buy.
Don't order  Ordered this pikachu in November of 2016 and as of The end of January 2017 I still have not received
its a bootie  this is a bootleg item. the tail is sewed on wrong so it cannot stand up at all. cute, but i'd rather have my money go towards legit merchandise instead of funding these people who make cheap, poorly made copies.
I freaked out when I opened then box - It looks like a rat  I ordered this white mouse as a gift for my Mother in law (extremely picky & hard to please) because she collects mice.  I freaked out when I opened then box - It looks like a rat!!   The card says mouse but that ugly fat tail says RAT - shes gonna hate it. ugh
Elmo  I just bought this toy for my 20 month old last Saturday.  I went to set it up this morning, and the cd is cracked in half. I called the company and they were very apologetic but they said that they would have to send a replacement as the file is too large for download!  They suggested that I exchange it at another Toys R Us, but it will be difficult on Christmas Eve!  I am excited about trying this with my daughter when I finally get all of the working parts, but I do have some trepidition about installation based on earlier posts!
Disappointed in size:(  I was disappointed , I was expecting a little bigger . This is not 11" more like 8".  Very cute tho . It will go along w our collection!
Curious George Toys are not measured head to toe like this measurement indicates  This is actually smaller. Curious George Toys are not measured head to toe like this measurement indicates. The manufacturer of this toy considers this a 11" plush. It is not very well built either. This is sold in Kohls for $5.
Not worth it. Doesn't meet expectation.
Its a worthless piece of crap!!!  This bath toy needs to taken off the market! Its worthless in every way! It never fit together. It began leaking immediately. Within 5 minutes it was a dead toy. My two little ones were so disappointed.
Not worth it....  The photo says it's supposed to be a tomy toy. It wasn't. It said it was supposed to be 9.5 inches.....its smaller than my others....and they're 8 inches.....not happy at all
NO ON THIS SUPPOSE TO BE FUN  No cannot open to put batteries, not buy $12.00 tool to open,NO ON THIS SUPPOSE TO BE FUN  NOT
please don't buy plush toys online unless you see them first in the store  I bought two of these online and am disappointed with both.  Plush toys online are tricky in nature because even with measurements given, the density, quality and fullness of the item is very hard to determine.  I discourage people from doing so.  This item was small and cute, but made only moderately well
Perfect!!  This was exactly what I ordered, wanted, and received!  Thanks very much!  Will be ordering more in the future for other gifts.
Knockoff  Knockoff and poorly made. Very disappointing.
False advertising  This product is not 18 inches. It's only 11. Highly disappointing because I love meowth, and wanted a large plush of him to put on my bed. Although it's cute, high quality, quite soft, & shipped nicely.
The batteries were dead when I received this product.
The product description says the toy is 18 inches tall and it is no where near that. I could have gotten this toy for 5 dollars less from a diferent source had I known it was only really 11 inches tall.
Smaller than described. On description it says 10". Not true.
Smaller than expected
Did not have the embroidered seal, very poor quality, not at all what I was expecting!!!  Not worth the money. Did not have the embroidered seal, very poor quality, not at all what I was expecting!!!  Do not buy.
Misleading  This item says a talking Shrek and it actually only says 2 words and nothing else, It is not well made . I have a disappointed 2 year old.
Decent toy, but I could've found a bigger one with better quality for the price I paid for this little thing, if it weren't for the holidays.
Small af  I stopped the ups guy before he left because he handed me a really small box. I had ordered a few other things so I was sure I had more than this. Nope. I opened the box to find the tiniest olaf ever. The description was misleading. I wouldn't have even paid $5 for something this small.  Olaf sounds like he's been smoking a pack a Marlboro reds a day, since he was born. The sound quality sucks and did I mention he's small?  Save yourself the trouble.  It's just gonna be disappointment for whatever frozen obsessed kid you buy this for. I mean, it's enough to piss me off and I hate the damn movie.  Think about it.
Abu was a mute.  Monkey did not talk, was mine broken Halloween would have been loads better if he flew too 
Cheap, Chinese made, possibly just a knock off and not even licensed.  Cheap, Chinese factory work. You might get lucky and have one put together properly or you'll end up with a Charmander with a harelip. The doll is as crooked as the business.  Will look elsewhere to find the products I'm looking for in the future.
More like Silent Elmo Ball.  Never made a sound.
Would not get this toy  the photo shows this as something much bigger than it is.  Doesn't even work 1/2 the time.  It is not worth getting for the price you are paying. If it was $3.00 - maybe, but $12.00 is really pushing the envelope.
Not happy. Not even a good fake  Not Authentic. Not happy. Not even a good fake.
wasted on trash  $19 Dlls!!! wasted on trash... my son was very sad...
Horrible! For 25 bucks  Horrible! For 25 bucks, I was expecting a huggable size troll. This came under 8 inches tall and its supposably a key chain. DO NOT purchase this item. Very disappointed.
very poor packaging  The doll has no tears or anything missing. Where the seller lost me was in the packaging. They put a 20 in doll into a ball and stiffed in into some plastic packaging. Because of that the dolls head is bent. The legs are all bent up from the way they packed it. Now I have to spend time trying to twist and turn it to hopefully get it looking normal so my little girl doesn't wonder why her doll looks deformed.
Very cheaply made started coming apart at the seams the first day
Not pleased!  Hiccup is a good rendering of the movie character. Unfortunately the one we received had a clear mold line around his head which is really a shame. As we ordered from outside the US we can't easily return it either and we paid extra already to have it shipped to us.
Knock Knock, knock off!  The item I received was NOTHING like the one depicted. BUYER BEWARE. I will no longer be purchasing from this seller!
The truck's horn did not work even though it was straight out of the bag.
smaller then expected.....
Poor quality -- knockoff?  In terms of appearance, the plush I received was nowhere near the quality of the picture. The legs were lopsided and the white stomach area was asymmetrical. The stitching of the mouth was crooked, and shaped into more of a grimace than a smile. The lines for the eyes extended farther down the front of the face, almost to the mouth, giving the plush an overall angry look.  For what it's worth, I got this plush for $7, while a lot of the positive reviews reference a much higher price. I wouldn't be surprised if the one I got was a knockoff, and the genuine (more expensive) ones are better constructed.  I'll give the manufacturer some credit for the feel of the plush. It's soft and squishy, and the material is something like smooth velvet. I suppose if you just needed a toy for an infant to hug, this might work.
Too hard to use  My daughter was insistent on buying this toy for her brother's 2nd birthday. We couldn't find it in stores anymore, so we ordered it here. I can see now why they aren't selling it in stores anymore. This toy is so cute and a great concept, but it's impossible for my daughter (4) and son (2) to put Elmo on the potty successfully. They will give Elmo his juice ands then I have to drop everything to run over and get Elmo on the potty in time for them. It's even hard for me to get him on the potty correctly. You have to push him down really hard and make sure he's all the way back or it won't work. Very frustrating.
The rolling of the wheels is loud  I ordered this for the cats to play with. It's really big, the battery life isn't long, and the cats didn't like it.
This is the first time shopping on Amazon I was deceived by a product description and pictures. Sent the same Qbert as another reviewer mentioned.  This toy has a string and suction cup attached which is clearly not on the product as pictured and not mentioned in the description. Not worth $15.
Smaller than advertised  This definitely was only 10 inches at best - definitely not 12inches.  Seems much smaller than promised.
In picture it looks kinda big!  When it arrived in the mail what a "BIG BIG DISAPPOINTMENT"....
Very small  I was disappointed at the size. It fits in the palm of my hand :( .  My husband and I agree that the price is very high.
Poor Quality  I couldn't stand the poor quality of this product and I ended up returning it. Do not recommend this brand for this size. They say that this is a 13" Elmo and is not.. I measured it and it is 10"
looks kinda cheap and none sloth like..  Cute but smaller then I expected and there's only Velcro on the two arms and they don't stick very well.. looks kinda cheap and none sloth like..
Our daughter loved it both in and out of the bathtub  Cute toy! Our daughter loved it both in and out of the bathtub.  However, within 2 weeks of use the insides started to corrode and we had to toss it.
This T-Rex is a runt. Avoid.  Item description is 16". Absolutely no dimension of this toy is 16", item is not even 12" tall. It is sufficiently smaller that I would consider the description fraudulent. I would have turned it around and sent it right back, but my son spied and seized it immediately and I don't have the heart to take it away from him. Know what you are getting when you order this item.
Cute, but the picture is misleading. My daughter thought she was getting 4 bunnies with her tooth fairy money , not just one for 14 dollars.
Allergic reaction  This is coming from China... My son had a really bad reaction while sleeping in his bed with this thing.  Not sure why type of chemicals were ok it for him to react the way he did.
Used Stay Puft  I thought I was purchasing a brand new toy. What I recieved was used with a stain on his hat and missing tie
So disappointed  I was so looking forward to giving the talking Black Knight to my husband for Christmas.  Unfortunately when I opened the package not only did he not talk but the decal on the chest was peeling off onto the sword and the sword itself was coming apart.  He's a huge fan of Monty Python and of the Black Knight especially.  I knew this would be one gift that he would get a kick out of and was crushed to receive it broken.  The toy itself is a brilliant idea but the experience, for me anyway, was extremely disappointing.
Really small
Small toy  Its so small. But my son loves it.
Did not received what was promised  Order 11" Charizard Plush Toy.  After four weeks went by, sent seller email for status.  They said they were out-of-town and agreed to expedite shipment for no extra charge (thanks.)  Received toy in one month and three days.  It is not an 11" Charizard, it is a 5" toy that is commonly available on eBay for $3.99 plus shipping.  I paid $25 plus shipping.  I sent email to seller, but have not received reply.  Cannot recommend seller.  Feel like I was taken for a ride.  Ten-year-old daughter doesn't understand why her allowance money is gone and she didn't get what was promised.
the quality is very poor. i don't like it.
Deceitful picture. Very small toys.
Stain on the doll's face  When I received the doll it had a stain on it's face in the forehead area. I didn't want nor did I have the time to send it back and find something else as I was giving as a gift. After trying several different methods, I was finally able to get the majority of the stain out by using vinegar and scrubbing with a toothbrush. It was hard to tell what the stain was. It was almost black like maybe an ink stain. I was pleased with the doll otherwise. Without having to deal with the stain, it would've been a great purchase!
Not what I expected  Way smaller then I expected and I don't like how the stitching between the ghost and sign is.
it worked great for a couple of months then quit  Purchased this over Christmas for my 8 year old granddaughter, it worked great for a couple of months then quit!! boo!!!!
Beware!!  Definitely not the size described at all! Very disappointed and want it replaced with the correct size!
This is so cute and the kids love it, it ooorly put together  This is so cute and the kids love it,  it ooorly put together. A lot of the seems had holes.
Soft, BUT ...  REALLY Soft and a good size too. The only problem I have is the yellow bands around the ears didn't line up. Still like it tho.
Item received as gift. When we went to put batteries in this piece was broken.
We got this today and it came with holes in it
Overpriced.
returnded it. pete's body has no filling at all.
Rip Off  Barney does not sing, cheap and smaller, nothing like the picture, arrived late in plastic bag.  Arrived at post office instead of residential area-as per address given, Customs duty had to be paid again!!! The look of disappointment on my grandson's face made me cry. Refuse to deal with company again. Replacement of an actual singing Barney is requested, if not then I request my money refunded, including cost of item, shipping payment & double customs payment.  Hope Amazon does not use this company again.  I have been shopping with Amazon for many years, standards have always been of the highest regards until now.  Please do not allow this company to trade via Amazon again.  NO STARS for this rubbish!!! Kind regards Catherine (South Africa)
This toy arrived with a large hole in the tail. There are also white loose threads around the ears and head.
It was the wrong size an way to pricy for what I recived.
So little for so much  This was on my grandson's Wishlist, and I know that he is very much into Pokemon and collects these, so I did get it for him. What amazes me is that such a little, very ordinary, stuffed creature that doesn't do anything should cost so much. Not worth it.
Such dissapointment!  Seems that when mine was made they were out of glue. So guess what? His hands and feet were attached with adhesive tape! First I thought that it was made for transportation only, but when I took the tape of all plastic parts just fell out of furry suit. I`ve never seen anything like this! Beside that it is all crooked, long threads are sticking out in all directions. No wonder they sell it online, nobody would ever buy it seeing the quality! Such a shame!
Plush Ben  It was not what I wanted at all I wanted the Ben that repeted what my grandaughters said very disapointed. I did not even give them to them.
Counterfeit!  This isn't a legit plush! Its a Chinese Bootleg! You can clearly tell as the tag just says Fox Toy and has no copyright! Unless this is for a child avoid!
Very small disappointed in the size.
Even my little one doesn't like it.  Way too sensitive, makes it's "magic" sound constantly.  Even my little one doesn't like it.
I am surprised by the size of it and the cost.  For $43.99 I thought it would be nicer.  What I received is somewhat different from the picture.  The arms and legs are smaller and the eyes are different.  I don't know if I will keep it.
Too expensive.  No worth 15 dollars. Lacking in quality and really small. It's not bad, just 15 dollars is a little much.
Not very soothing  Literally goes for about 30 seconds and the sounds are not very soothing at all.
Disappointed  Didn't work upon arrival. Eye patch hanging half off as well. Not high quality, but still was exactly as pictured (less defects).
Kinda cheaply made for the price in my opinion
Not quality  I didn't do my due diligence before buying this.  I normally read reviews.  My wife said she wanted this one so I ordered it.  This doll is not well made at all.  You can just look at it and see that it will fall apart.  I got 2, one for each kid.  Within 3 minutes, a foot fell off of one of the dolls.  You can see that all of the hard plastic pieces are simply glued into holes in the furry part.  The glue used is not good, and it is all over the place.  You can see the glue on the fur around the pieces.  This looks like a craft that a 10 year old put together.  Like if you bought a kit and it came with the pieces and you glued it together.  Not only that, the thing is not soft.  The head is hard.  Feels like a baby doll head with fur stuck to it.  Also, we got 2 like I said and they are different.  The plastic parts are not even the same color.  Not even close.  I can only recommend this doll if you think it's cute and want to stick it on the shelf.  Do not buy it for children, especially small children.  This thing cannot be played with at all.  It is likely to fall apart just by moving it from one shelf to another. The shipping and packaging was fine.
Cheap plush quality.
Domo  I did not even know who Domo was until my kids asked for one for Christmas! I recieved two and thought they were weird little things, one had an eye missing but I found it in the bag so I had to glue it in. I guess they are good otherwise.
Really small. I anticipated the bunny being larger than it was. I definitely don't feel this product is worth the money.
Buy it only if you like ugly  The illustration does not convey how truly UGLY this is.  It is so hideous that I could not give it to my Granddaughter who loves all things Troll.  Trolls are cute.  This is not.  I will probably give it to someone I hate.  Plus it took over a month to arrive.
but they were much worse than expected  Obviously I knew they would be cheap when I ordered them.. but they were much worse than expected... not sewn together properly, stuffing falling out, the faces are deformed.. don't bother wasting your money.. when I received them I made the decision to not even gift them they were so crappy.. Then upon a trip to the dollar store today I discovered thats actually where they came from, though the quality was actually better... don't waste the $20.. just go to the dollar store
Grandma not included.  High quality stuffed animal.  Grandma is nowhere to be found.  Not in his belly either.
So cheap made
2 Joys & missing disgust. Inconvenient  Small dolls, but cute.  When my package arrived it was wrong.  2 Joys & missing disgust.  Inconvenient.
Not a toy;  car mobile  This is NOT a toy.  This is a suction cup 6 inch car window decal thing.  NOT a toy for kids to gag on.  Says MADE IN CHINA and NOT FOR RESALE so it's an illegal item as well on Amazon.  Do NOT buy
Holes  Cute, but came with big holes on both sides in the "armpit" area.  If my daughter did not completely love it, I would have returned it.  After I sewed the holes, it has been OK.
It is simply adorable, and we may even purchase another for a gift.  It came sooner than expected which was a bonus.  Thank you.
BE CAUTIOUS!  These slippers say (on the slippers themselves) that they fit a size 2-3. I odered them for a Christmas gift for my son a little over a week before Christmas, 2013. After he opened them we realized that his size 2 foot wouldn't come close to fitting in them. When I contacted the company for an exchange they told me they ONLY ALLOWED 7 DAYS TO RETURN/EXCHANGE a product. Now I'm stuck with a $45 pair of slippers. Additionally, nobody there seems to speak clear english. BEWARE!!
Might as well call it a keychain...  Beware!!! In the product dimensions it says 10x12x6" The one I received is really 5x6x3"..... What a rip off for $10.00  If it were the full size then I would have left 5 stars. But when you do me dirty like that, I am gonna do you dirty.
I think a french bull dog is cuter. The dogs name is blue.
Not really liked by a 2 year old who loves Toy Story  These dolls smaller and not exactly accurate compared to older versions.  Not really liked by a 2 year old who loves Toy Story.  I won't order again.  Disappointed.
Not all that!  Cute, but totally not what I was expecting!
Doesn't work
No what I was expecting.  Was disappointed with the product since when I got it, it was ripped and look like they tried to glue it together. Now I'm going to have to sow it together myself. Very disappointed with this order.
Received a used item. Gloworm has gone downhill.  Returned. I believe a received a used/refurbished item. The plastic bag it came in was ripped and dirty (which would have been unacceptable to gift... and isn't representative of the packaging shown in the product photos), and the toy itself was smudged and dirty (on the pink fabric of the head and on the plastic face) and when I looked at the battery pack, that was even worse looking (and barely stayed in the velcro back, which seems like a safety hazard for a baby or toddler). I will not be ordering another. Aside from being used and dirty, the gloworm itself seems to be way cheaper quality (and smaller) than it used to be (not to mention way less cute). Super disappointed.
stuffed animal  Owl does not represent the actual stffed animal owl you receive, Not the quality i wanted, should have returned it.
I don't tend to submit a Review. Even more so a bad one. But I got a Umbreon for my boyfriend to complete his and my collection of Eevee evolutions. I was hoping that fore the price I would be geting the on in the picture. I guess not...
Eh.  Cute, but awkward. My kids weren't that into it (5 & 3). Save your money
Did not like, the Barney was too small and it looks different from the picture.
Stop giggling in a week
too expensive
Brown and Blue Bunny  Both my grandchildren didn't even acknowledge its existence.  Maybe colors too bland, no ribbon, tags.  Not sure why.  I didn't pay attention to the size, so thought it was going to be bigger.
I purchased this for my son's 5th birthday.  Within 15 minutes of him and his 8 year old brother playing with it, an arm tore off.  Not even on a seam, just ripped completely.  Needless to say, we had a very upset birthday boy.
not what it says  says magle  got foxy  :-(
Watch for fakes! If the tag does not say "TOMY" then it's a bootleg.  My mother ordered a Fennekin for my daughter for Christmas using this link, and the one we received was a fake. It did not have a Tomy tag on it and was poor quality. I discovered this mistake because I accidentally told two family members to get this for my daughter. My sister got her the authentic one from another source.  The orange fluff on the ears was only attached at the bottom and not the top. The colors were off, and the mouth seam did not line up. The black outline of the eyes also looks strange.  If you receive one that does not have a white tag that says "Tomy" it is a bootleg fake. I'd return it but I don't have the heart to tell my mom she ordered a fake. We just call the fake the real one's evil twin.
Seriously?  I bought the very same Ewok at Disney World about a month ago.  I paid $16.99 for mine.  When I compare the two, the Ewok on sale is in strikingly bad condition.
IT ARRIVED ON TINE BUT HAD A SPLIT IN IT.
Disappointing  This yoda does not really talk...it growls..my son loves it but I wanted something that talked like yoda for him since he does a very funny yoda impression.
I just figured maybe it was a bad batch or one off situation  The red buckle was not sewn. I did read some reviews stating the same issues. I just figured maybe it was a bad batch or one off situation. But I also received a defective toy. For the price, the quality control process is being missed and should be better. Disappointed that the red strap is broken and all the buckles are lose and sag. They overlap each other. They are not tight like in the picture
Not the same item that is shown !!  The item that is shown is not the same one that I received, the one that I get is a poor quality version of the original one!!!
... I received did not have the outfit on it like the picture  The ewok I received did not have the outfit on it like the picture. Pretty upset about this.
2 stars for the defective product...but 5 stars for Amazon!  I sent this little guy to my grandson for his 3rd birthday.  But it doesn't make any sound at all.  Apparently it is now out of stock so they couldn't send me a new one that works. There's no way I could get it sent back without receiving an identical replacement first.  He is in love with it. (He's never seen the movie Star Wars but fell in love with the characters at DisneyLand.)  I have to say this tho.  I LOVE Amazon.  They are ALWAYS so good to deal with.  They gave me a full refund for the item and my grandson gets to keep his R2D2 that he adores.
It's cute and our two year old grand-daughter enjoys it, but for the price we were expecting something a little larger and more entertaining.  The description says "Walkin Puppies" but the puppy only takes about 4 or 5 very quick steps and then stops.  A little disappointing.
Mini dolls  Its mini dolls woth few more dollars you get more quantity and larger dollars
Beware....  What a disappointment. Pricing is way too high for size. Shame on me for not reading closer & searching better. I am a special ed teacher, embarrassed to put this in the classroom. The students will feel soo short changed.
Gizmo Sucks!  I am not at all satisfied.  I originally sleceted a "new" Dancing Gizmo plush doll.  I received a old, used, worn-looking Gizmo doll that does not dance or make sound as it advertised!!  I would like a customer service rep get back to me.  I would like to get a discount since I paid the regular rate price for a new dancing Gizmo doll!!!!!!!  --Ceci Milian
Crap  expecting big doll, got one the size of my hand. tail all wrong, kids hate it but will cost more to mail back than the original cost so dog gets new toy.
Much smaller than I expected.
Very Disapointed with Price  I feel like I've been taken advantage of. I got this for my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter as she loves the book. I paid $37.99 (way over priced) I just received it and it has a price tag of $18.95 attached to the Llama Llama hand tag. When I opened it, the minute I saw it I knew I had paid too much but then adding insult to injury the Llama had a price tag of $18.95 on it. At this point I'm hoping that my granddaughter will love it--that will take some of the sting away from feeling like I was taken advantage of. Very disappointing purchase.
Really hard to walk in.
Don't bother.  Should have trusted the other reviews - product looks nothing like the picture (not even cute), and also smaller than description listed. Very disappointed in quality. Would return, but not worth the shipping.
My child lost interest almost immediately  My two-year-old daughter got this as a Christmas gift. She loves Elmo and Sesame Street, so we thought she would get a kick out of this. We were wrong. She played with it for a few minutes, but then Elmo started acting weird and she came out of her room crying and said he hit her. Unlikely, but he might have squeezed too hard. I also noticed that even with fresh batteries, Elmo doesn't talk very well and sometimes his speech sounds slurry and garbled. He doesn't say as many phrases as I thought he would. Since Christmas, my daughter hasn't played with this much at all and it's sat in her closet floor. I would buy something else for little Sesame Street fans.
Eh not what I thought  Small. I'm sure it said that in the actual product listing but I was hiring buying for *Santa*. Had I of known it was the size of my forearm I wouldn't have purchased. He likes it though so that's all that matters
Is this even ordered from the same catalog?  Okay, there are very many problems with the zorua that I got.  Let's start with the fact that mine looks NOTHING like the picture. I got a zorua with an oversized red nose that's almost as big as its eyes, a tail that had almost no stuffing in it, and all the red parts were made out of this rubber thing that was partially melted when it came in the mail. It didn't even have the red dots on its forehead. Really? Just....really? I won't lie, I strongly think that there's something wrong with mine and I will most likely return it.
It had a hole
When it finally got here it wasn't anything like I expected or advertised--poorly made  Delayed--coming from China.  When it finally got here it wasn't anything like I expected or advertised--poorly made, not colorful at all.
Sending this falsely advertised lame pink unicorn back where it came from  bullshit product.  its the size of my palm.  10" ...yeah right.  even if you measured from the nose and stretched the pink f'n hair on its a$$ all the way, it would only be 7".  just so everyone knows, the product you are getting is an insanely small POS unicorn that you can't utilize for a costume or even as a present to a kid.  Sending this falsely advertised lame pink unicorn back where it came from.
This is a piece of crap! It doesn't work  This is a piece of crap! It doesn't work. Can't say any more, it's junk. I will never buy from this seller again!
no as many learning  tools as I remembered when I was a kid..I thought she had laises and a bow..
Bootleg.  I got this Vaporeon plush, and while it came with tags, bag, and all, I believe it's bootleg. It's horribly thrown together, and also looks as if someone threw it into a bag of scraps, with how much fuzz and bits are all over it. I wouldn't recommend getting this plush at all.
Good
Not 8 inches!  This was not 8 inches!  We were surprised to see how small it is and measured it.  It's 6 inches.  It says 8 inches on the package.  It's upsetting when the description is wrong and deceptive!
A total dissapointment  Would not program with a Win XP machine that is less than a year old. Obvious issues that are not being addressed by fisher price. Save your little ones MAJOR dissapointment on Christmas. Do Not Buy this Toy.
Not well represented  This item has five different images that make it impossible to know exactly what size it is. I purchased a used version and it looked like a baby had slobbered all over it. This was not in the description. Dimensions and accurate photos would be helpful.
Waste of $  Not plush at all!  Waste of $!!!!
This thing sycks  I got this at Dave and Busters as a joke. It's hideous and the material is crappy. The hammer is just a flat floppy piece of fabric. Seriously. Don't buy this.
Too expensive now  Cute and soft, but won't be buying again since the price went up so much!!
NOT REAL!!!  I don't even know where to start. I'm so mad about this,spending the money for Christmas it advertises this in the box brand new that it is official minecraft and there wasn't even a tag on it when I received it.
Elsa's hair is not properly sewn and she has a rip on the side of her neck.
Terrible quality. Stitching is coming out & you can see stuffing at the seams. Will be returning.
Sun faded Elmo, but it's still Elmo  I was a bit disappointed with this elmo. I searched and searched for the right one and based on all the reviews, I got this one. It's much smaller than I expected and it's NOT a RED elmo, it's more like a sun faded red. My daughter LOVES Elmo, so she took to it right away, but it looks like it's old and faded. I was expecting a deeper red color (like the ones that move - tmx elmo) But if you don't mind the color difference, then it's fine. It is very soft and plush, so that's nice. Otherwise, not what I was hoping for.
Low quality materials  Bought this for my 2-year-old niece and was pretty disappointed in the quality. It's not very soft and the ears are low-quality felt. It looks cute but I wouldn't recommend buying it unless you are really a fan of the movie.
not worth the price
Doesnt work!!  Product was delivered on time but does not sing lullubies like in said description. I want to be sent a new one.
Too small
cheap crap
It's smaller than a Beanie Baby-- just know what you're buying!
Who shaved you?!  Okay, look, the cat costume and the little paws and ears are cute and all, but we all bought it because its Mariothe Italian moustache guy we all grew up loving. But who the beep is this guy? Who shaved you?!  Now its just some dude in a yellow costume.
Really did nothing at all.  Requested a return.
DO NOT BUY!  DO NOT BUY THIS!! The plastic balls are NOT INCLUDED!!  You can get this from another website that includes the plastic balls for the price I paid with them.
Smaller than all other 6" plushes and got it 3 weeks after it said it would show
Bad  Okay, so, while he is the cutest little thing, he was SUPER damaged upon receiving. I'm really peeved about this. he looks nothing like in the pic, and the hands' threads were snapped, and so were a number of other threads. Some threads are even loose on his EYES.  Also the tag was all bent up because of the packaging. I really didn't appreciate this...
Not worth the money  With so little Lorax (book) merchandise available, I snagged this up for my son. I wish I would have read about it more, though. This is comparable to a tiny claw machine stuffed toy.
EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE  Disappointed in these.  Feel that for what they are they are over priced and the complextion of Doc McStuffins is very dark.  Much darker than any of the other Doc McStuffins dolls.  Would not recommend purchasing these items.  Stick with the talking doll with the lamb.  If you want to purchase these items, just buy the snowman, hippo and dragon.
I was really disappointed  Only one of the toys made noise. They were all suppose to. I was really disappointed
It is not large at all.  This item is falsely advertised.  It says 3 times in the info at the top that it is  "large" plush measuring 10" to 12" tall.  This was stated three times.  This is not worth the money if you are expecting a large plush.  The quality is nice, but the size in the specs is very misleading.  It is not even 8.5".  It is roughly 7.5" even with extra ruler left at the bottom.
Flingshot flying animal  Broke first time out.  Younger kids got a hold of it and were competing with other flying animals.  They were too rough with the toy and the band broke.
You get what you pay for. They enlarge the size of the doll to make it appear very sizable, when in fact, it is small enough to fit in the palm of your hand.
This seller is scamming  This item is described as the 20" Medium plush.  It is not.  I had ordered the coordinating Medium plush Anna doll from Disney.  They are very different than each other in size.  This vendor is misleading the product in her description and charging a lot more than retail value on it.
Welcome to this product and a year and a half ago I came and the product was running a little time fine and now the doll I had not spoken to guardodo to contact you. I need help to fix it does not work
Material appear cheap. Seams were coming undone
Not the Hasbro plush shown in picture. Cheap plush with plastic eyes sent instead.
Poor All Together  Slow shipping and bad quality.
Nothing like the picture do not buy  If there was a - star that's what I would of gave it. Nothing like the picture do not buy.. Look at the back terrible.. My son is so upset thanks guys
Not the item as shown!
Poor gal got dropped lightly the first week and never worked after that, all she would do is wake up for a minute and snore and go back to sleep. Tried everything to fix it, She came out of it once and talked to another Furby, supposedly. We have two. The battery covers are a pain to open and close, needs a lot of resetting and tinkering (both) Maybe wait for next gen.
Cute in the picture...  Our ballerina bunny's face isn't nearly as cute as the one pictured.  It looks like it has been smooshed at the bottom of a heavy stack or pile of other items, but that's just the way it is made.  My almost 5 year old daughter loves it, though.  However, the roses next to the ears have both come off and she isn't rough with her toys, so I think they were just sewn on poorly.  I've had to reattach both of them.  They also unravelled, and I don't have the sewing know-how to fix that.  I only gave this two stars because my daughter loves it.  I, on the other hand, would recommend something different.
Wrong Voice  Need to return. I have a totally confused toddler who squeezed Elmo only to hear Elmo talk like the Cookie Monster.  Right Elmo fighure. Wrong voice. Now I need to find the right moment to sneak Elmo away so that I can return it for the correct one.
So disappointed  We'll be sending out Oh and Captain Smek back. They look adorable, but Reviews said they say words, the box says it should say words, but ours say nothing besides laughing, and ooohhhhh, and the boov death song. Extremely disappointed
Shipped faster than expected but huge whole in seam
Fruit was too large
Made to cuddle? No.  Is she cute? Yes, of course, it's Ariel. But is she cuddleable? No, unless a doll that's thinner than your forearm is now a new standard for cuddling. The description was misleading- With the exception of the hair & fins, she's only about two fingers wide. If a tank top strap was as wide as her, your daughter would be sent home to change her clothes.  If you just want a cute Disney toy for your kid, this this is fine. If you want something for them to hold when thunder's cracking or rain is pouring, I'd go without.
Breaks easily  We've bought two of these now in a year. The first one seized up and the head shook violently and no longer played music. The second, the turn let broke off while winding. Buying a different brand. Our experience, stay away.
Overpriced for what you get!
This was for a school event and the children were very disappointed!  I ordered the Plush Sea Life and I was very saddened to see that the rather big box only contained ONE red crab! This was for a school event and the children were very disappointed!
fake Yoda voice  I was disappointed in this item.  it only says 2-3 things and it's not the voice of Yoda. It was a gift for my granddaugther for her birthday.  Not worth the hassle of trying to return it. Ever try to take a toy from a child once you've given it him/her?
Extremely cute but arrived damaged  I payed $15 for this elephant and it came damaged! My 2 year old was so excited  for his elephant but it came damaged :(
poor quality, not the playskool one showed in the ...  poor quality,not the playskool one showed on the picture,hard eyes,and super slow delivery
Not as advertised  Not the same as the one sold at toys r us, if you scan the bar code this shows up as if its the same. The wings are much shorter and its very cheaply made.
Returned  It scared my less than 2 yrs old boy but he like the other angry birds. It doesnt make any sounds.
Bad!  One Bonny ear flops over no tag and came in a plastic bag.  I feel ripped off !  Bad product...
The reason why poor is Beause the product is not stitch right the eyes is all messed up the one tooth is crooked And it was just stitch wrong
Misleading picture.  Bought this and returned it, the picture resembles the bigger, more fuller Clover that is the talking clover, which i ended up getting at the local toys r us.
rio plush birds  the kids love the birds!!  but they were coming apart at the seams when they arrived--we sewed them but the material is so thin they keep ripping apart.
Had a tear, kind of small  Doesn't really feel like its 12 inches, and there was a tear in it. The overall design was decent - but it wasn't as "fluffy" as the original ones that could be purchased at Universal Studios.
Total waste of time and money  This thing is a total piece of junk.  I returned and recieved 3 of them and NONE of them worked. That will teach me to pay closer attention to the reviews I guess
Quit working after 1 month.
VERY DISAPPOINTED! Some buyers correctly received the large plush doll made by Hasbro and others received the knockoff version made in China. I received the crapy knockoff. Unfortunately you won't know until it arrives. Please don't purchase this.
the sound is faint and the button is buried soo deep its hard to activate
Not great  Quality and size not worth the price
Very Disappointed!!!  Ordered 4 different ones for two of my kids and niece & nephew. These were to be Christmas gifts. Got the Dog, Unicorn, Alligator ,and Cat. All very small. How much stuff can you stuff etc ... Not a lot, maybe a few things. They also have pillow like padding . The commercials are very misleading & if it weren't so close to Christmas & the fact that I won't be reimbursed in time to purchase different items, I'd send them back!!!!
False information.  Received this item expecting it to be 12" in size and it was maybe 5 inches. Not even close to the size stated. Would not recommend.
beware  bought this based on the great reviews for my cousin's daughter. they were coming to my house for a visit and I wanted a gift for her, so I bought this along with an elephant book. i opened the package the day she arrived to set it out for her and noticed the elephant was missing an eye. very disappointed.
Not the bunny shown in picture  As many moms have stated above the bunny you recieve is not the bunny shown in the picture. While still very cute, soft and cuddly, the bunny sent would be a great little gift for a child however if you're like me and ordering as a duplicate of the original (bunny pictured) you will be disappointed. My daughter has slept with her bunny since she was 4 months old she's now 21 months and "needs" bunny to fall asleep. I desperately wanted a duplicate in case we lost her original or for when it is washing. Sorry to say she knows her bunny so the bunny I received will not do the job =(
Cookie Monster crumbles with me!!  The book and the cookie monster look better online. The book only has two pages to it. I was very disappointed. I would be embarrassed to give this to my grandson. The sounds are ok but nothing spectacular. I am sorry I wasted my money on this. I would send this back but am not sure how to.
Not as described!!  Still cute, nice size, but not as described. It is just a normal plush, it didn't come with sound! very disappointed and have no time to return because its for a birthday coming up soon!
It arrived broken!
FIRST TIMERS BUY ELMO THIS DOESNOT WORTH IT  THIS VERSION OF TICKLE ME SERIES ONLY GETS TICKLED FROM TUMMY AND THATS IT. ORIGINAL ELMO TICKLES FROM 3 PARTS FROM TUMMY, UNDER THE CHIN AND FEET. THIS IS NOT AS LOUD AS ELMO. ALSO HAS LESS MOVES THAN ELMO. IF YOU ARE COLLECTING IT IS ONE THING BUT IF THIS IS FIRST TIME BUY ELMO. I WOULD RECOMEND ELMO ELMO ELMO
These elephants are great but for $17  These elephants are great but for $17, no way!!! If the price goes back down i will change my review ! No plush should cost this much, especially being that it is so small. Also i feel that they are always changing the dimentions of the ears.
they were not very good  junk, they were not very good quality
The Dollar Store has better quality toys  Very cheap quality and not worth the price. The Dollar Store has better quality toys!
Dont bother  Does not talknas advertised and has a hole in it.  Will return.
I was very disappointed in this item. The batteries had corroded and it didn't sing.
It looks like a bootleg from a cheap carnival  Seams are not sewed and it has holes and looks cheap, I thought this was an official Pokemon item from what I read in the description about the tags. It did arrive quickly but is really not what the picture shows. It looks like a bootleg from a cheap carnival. I can't even really sew the parts that were left un-stitched.
Smaller than 9'', expensive.  Smaller than 9'', so expensive $20 for this.
Don't buy ... disappointing quality  We bought two of these and my twins waited for weeks to receive them. When they arrived, one has a huge hole under its neck (see attached picture) and the other has lots of threads coming off it. Even once we stitch the huge hole, I don't think either of them will last very long. We have several other Minecraft fluffy things and these don't look like the same quality at all. Very disappointing. I wouldn't buy them if I saw them in a store.
Looks like something you would purchase from a dollar store  Doll quality was well below expectations for the price paid. Looks like something you would purchase from a dollar store. Cheap materials
NOT OFFICIALLY LICENSED!  This is a fake. It is not officially licensed like the description said. It's a cheap knock off and the quality is very poor compared to what you'd get at the disney store. FALSE ADVERTISING! If it was officially licensed there would be an authenticity patch on the foot, which there is not, DO NOT BUY!
Over priced  OVERPRICED FOR WHAT YOU GET. Cheap looking product. Should not cost more than 10 dollars. Even then it would be overpriced.
Not worth the cost.
Foot fell off of Chase toy almost immediately.
Not sure if it's working correctly  Arrived quickly but when you push a button the doesn't finish her sentence. I'm not sure if this is something that changes after being connected to a computer, but I'm afraid to open and try.
the same thing for this snake like the pink one said it was delivered 3 months after christmas never saw it
Water leaks inside  This worked 1 time in the bath and then water leaked inside and ruined it.
No tags - can't give as a gift like that  A $40 stuffe animal with no tags. I can't give it as a gift like that. Disappointing since the customer review pictures show tags on their item
Overpriced for size  I didn't realize the size when I made the purchase so very surprised when I opened it.  Very tiny and the price for that size is ridiculous.  Much larger sizes are sold at stores for less than I paid for the 5".  Very unhappy.
Waste of money  Because it is ridiculously small for the price and is not well made.  It looks cheap and will probably fall apart after being played with because there is nothing to it.
Not what I expected.
I would not recommend this product  Very very small. Its not even big enough for a baby. I would not recommend this product, definitely a waste of money, not a blanket more like a rag. Not enough in the description very small. Compared to an Iphone7
Was very disappointed, very expensive for size  Was very disappointed, very expensive for size!  Very small, really should send it back, but don't want to pay shipping!
Did not come with back of battery case.  Item works, states comes with batteries and it did not. It also did not come with the battery back as well. So now my batteries keep falling out everytime my daughter plays with it.
I was so excited to buy this for my daughter for Christmas but the toy just kind of flops around and will not sit up straigt- the pull apart feature seems vitually pointless..  Which I had just purchased a cuter plush Olaf instead.
Disappointed.  I was so excited for this. With in a few plays it started turning off. Replaced batteries and still does it.
Very disappointed.  This was not the item pictured. Very disappointed.
Not what is pictured!  Love red pandas, so it's ok, but really disappointed that it doesn't look at all like the picture.  The one sent is brown and black, not red.  The one in the picture is cute, but the one sent looks mad.
The Paw patrol stuffed toys were not as advertised there are two of the same one in there not for different ones
Poorly Made.  Material quality is very thin and poorly made.  The candle flame is a felt like material and the poor sewing of the candle to the top allowed the candle to fall off after a single use.  Save your money.
Stopped working after a week!  Its very cute and my daughter loved it and used it before bed every night. The light stopped lighting up after a week! We're very upset about that.
This Product is not legit its a bootleg plush DO NOT buy this.
$35? Really?  Winter wonder lane? More like Overpriced Radical Theocratic Mimicking Snowman Cult
Item stopped working within 2 months, tried to return it but it as exceeded the returns policy.
DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT A DECENT SIZE TOY!  This is SO SMALL!  I was expecting something much larger, but when it arrived it was tiny.  Dimensions are in centimeters, not inches.  If I had time, I would send this back, but its close to Christmas, so now I'll just have to get a couple more things to make up for how small this is.  If you're looking for a decent size Pikachu, this is NOT what you want.  And for the size, its WAY too expensive.  Look around and you'll find ones the same size for much cheaper.
The "large" actually very small. I was expecting "large" to be larger than 10 inches... but this one is only 9.0".
DONT BUY THIS DOLL  This doll is suppose to be 19 inches long.  IT"S 14!  Definately not worth the price!  Not satisfied at all.  very unhappy
Very nice.  But face comes right off  To heavy for base.  Not a good product  If looking for wow not supstance then buy
Not worth the money  My son got one of these for Christmas and loved it. When it stopped working after a month we didn't want to replace it. He loved the monkey, so when I found one here for $20 I went ahead and got it. This one made it all of two days before it stopped working. I won't be buying another one.
Broke  I had the product three days and one of the buckles came off! will not purchase again!
Do not recommend it  It did take 22 days to arrive and I am disappointed. It is super small, cheap made and not cute at all. Not sure if I will give it to my niece.
the buy off  This is the response I received from this company after I left an unfavorable review.  They offered $5 for me to remove my review of the poor quality of these dolls. Unbelievable!  Dear buyer,  How are yuu?  Sorry to disturb you. Sorry we know you are busy, but could you please spare a little time to communicate with us? We  found you've left us a negative Feedback. We feel a little frustrated for the case happened, because your feedback means a lot to us. Above of all, we sincerely apologize for that. We are always trying our best to make sure our customers are satisfied with their purchases. We regret that you are a little dissatisfied with doll toys. To solve the problem , we would like to refund 5 USD as compensation. What do you think of it ? Do yo satisfied with this solution? Or if you have any suggestions, please kindly let us know. We will try our best to meet your needs. Moreover, could you do us a favor to remove the feedback if the case is resolved? The feedback is really important to us as a seller. We would be very grateful if you can kindly help us with it. Once again, apologize to disturb you. Hope you can understand. Look forward to your early reply.
Toy was soft and fluffy but singing  voice was so low you had to put the toy up to your ear to hear
Too pricey  Picture shows good size, but when we opened the box...very small plush.
The picture doesn't match the product.  Not the product that was pictured.
Waste of money  Hello All,   I bought this doll as a gift for my daughter. i am so disappointed after opening the box and looking at the doll first time, i just logged in to write the review.  I was expecting a bigger doll for the price, we get much better doll in target, walmart for lesser or same price. Also the face of the doll, does not look like Dora. I will let you know what my daughter's reaction is once i travel back.   I will try and upload some pictures, the length of the doll is smaller than my wrist watch.  Don't buy this doll. Hope this helps.
I got a dolphin...  I got a pink dolphin that lights up. Its fluffy cuddlable and cute but not a dragon so ;-;
POOR QUALITY  GARBAGE, DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR! I have another one that I've had for over a year and it is good quality: bought elsewhere. The one I bought from the vendor is cheap, sounds badly, not sturdy, I'm afraid to give it to my daughter because it is that flimsy. Unfortunately I can not return it because it is outside the return window (would have returned sooner, but I was ill). I am VERY disappointed with this purchase.
Not worth it. 'Follow-me' function is hopeless.  Pretty annoying toy. Only sings one song, which makes you want to throw it hard against a wall after about 5 minutes. The 'follow-me' function is utterly useless. The 'wrist-band' needs to be held no more than about 15 inches away from Olaf for him to follow. He looks OK, and for $40 I suppose I can't complain too much: if I'd paid any more I would be seriously annoyed.
not 8"  This item is not 8" at all.  It is only 5.5" and not of the quality pictured.  Do not get this.  I ordered it twice thinking they just mailed the wrong one the first time.  Got the exact one the second time.  It just lies about the size.
I bought it for my 18 mth old grand daughter and I have trouble pushing Elmo to make him sing. to hard to make work  you have to keep pushing in order to make him sing, and i find it hard for me to push.
obviously overpriced  This figure is obviously overpriced for something 6" small. Material used is just cotton and "random" amount of beanbag inside. Oh and.. snorlax smiling? odd choice of picture to make into the most expensive plush.. So odd that it almost looks like a bootleg.
is thos guy speaking like a korean guy ?  speak a terrible  english almost impossible to understand what it says
Product received dirty. It was still in it's plastic  Product received dirty.  It was still in it's plastic, shipping box and other unit were in good shape.
Beware  Got this for my daughter for Christmas and less then 3 months the feet are tearing off.
Not legitimate  Dear lord what is this blue turtle thing that is not a squirtle
Item not as described!  The Minion is listed as 15", but when I received it I was really disappointed because the plush ended up being only 9".
Quality is so-so.  It's OK. My two year old loves it. The reason it has 3 stars is because the pink buckle strap is already fraying and it's only 2 month since I ordered. I probably would have received 5 stars if it wasn't fraying.
not cute.
Pretty Poor Craftmanship  The stitching is falling to pieces along seams, details, etc.  It was clearly rushed, after having already been delayed.  Fairly disappointed, which should be insanely hard to do with a gigantic Pikachu plushie.
Very disappointed. This is a fake and very small  If I could have done no stars I would. Very disappointed. This is a fake and very small.
too small
It is fake  I got a fake super Mario plush it looks nothing like the character
Smaller than kid caring it. Very dissatisfied
Small and miss-shapen  Small and miss-shapen. Very displeased with this product.
Not as good as they looked in the picture  Plushes are not as neatly designed in pictures and are very roughly put together. Squirtle seems to have two left legs.
good quality not the right size
too small, it did not fit size 9 women's feet
Got a flareon instead  Wish I could give it less instead of a charmander I got a flareon I'm so disappointed
Not as pictured  I am so bummed about my purchase of Wobbly Cocoa. It doesn't look much like the picture...I can see it's somewhat the same bear, but the one pictured looks much plumper. The one I received looks anorexic :)  The bear is made well, just not what I expected.
Dissapointed,  why not just sell what you show?  The huskey we got looks nothing like the picture,  and the whole reason my daughter had picked it out, the way is dark fur came up around to his face, seem to give him character.  The one you see online is a beautiful black and white huskey,  the one we got was a very light gray and white. Wish companies would sell what they show.
VERY CHEAPLY MADE  Its very poorly made and grossly overpriced................very disappointed. Would Not recommend selling this to anyone. Bad product...  Horriblely made. Never again
It is cute but it is made out of cotton and it's sturdy. Which is good but not for little hands  My son loves Bubble Guppies , but did not care for this plush. It is cute but it is made out of cotton and it's sturdy. Which is good but not for little hands. Why? Because lil ones love the beanie babiesNd the easy movement of beanie baby. This is more like something you win at a toy fair. It is good for decoration, or kids that love collecting any stuffy .
What a surprise.  I opened the package, and to my surprise, found a Mudkip. I'm not completely heartbroken, as I was going to get a Mudkip later on, but I still have to continue my search for a Vaporeon.
bad  Not aulthentic san-ei
Purple plush yoshi not as pictured  I ordered this for my 5 year old daughter.  A word of warning:  the item shipped was not the same in the picture and, in hindsight, I should have read the reviews before I ordered as it seems other buyers have had the same experience.  The feet are not pink and the one shipped was in a running position, rather than sitting position.  My daughter was disappointed, but not willing to return it.  I also had to repair a hole in the tummy area which formed right away after a couple of days of play.  Both of my kids have other yoshi dolls and this one is of mediocre quality compared to the others.
IT HAS REFLECTORS UNDER HIS NECK  IT HAS REFLECTORS UNDER HIS NECK, TOTALLY DISTRACTING AND ANNOYING,  IT PURRS FOR 3 SECONDS THEN STOPS... NOT HAPPY...
my 4 years old grandson stretched and the arm came apart
This item is a defective fake.  This item is a defective fake. The leg is sewn on backwards and stained; the stitching is loose in various places; the nose and teeth are crooked; tag in not authentic.
Poor construction clothes falling off doll, have to glue back on  Very poor construction of doll, clothes falling off, need to glue back on, still not staying on NOT HAPPY with product
I'm really unhappy with this purchase, and wish I read the reviews first. This toy is very small and does not talk, it just makes an oink sound, but I wouldn't even call the sound it makes an oink. Very misleading and disappointing. Definitely not worth the price.
Well...  Does not look like picture :( Only giving it two stars becuase my boyfriend likes it.
This thing is a piece of crap. Next time I buy an anime plushie i will never buy from this company again. Rubbish.
Very small for the price..
It didn't work.  If it had worked, I would have given it a 4 or 5 rating.
Too $$$$  Way too expensive
Do Not Buy  This toy is very cute, and plays the cute Rudolph song, but the battery lasted all of two hours. My children were very disappointed. I will be returning this pronto.
Not a Funko product. This is a tiny back pack clip on.  This product is not a Funko product. This is a tiny little back pack clip on. I would give this zero stars if I could. My son was very disappointed. I'm requesting a refund.
Pull apart  As with all Nintendo toys this guy is made very poorly. If you have bought your kids any of these before you will all ready know this.
Terrible quality. Very disappointed.  My son was super excited when we received the package. However when we opened it up, it looks  used, it smells horrible, and it looks nothing like the picture advertised.  The wand is not faced up,  instead it is pointing down and the other arm that is supposed to be faced down is faced up instead.  Also, there is no tag on it that indicates it is new and it was wrapped up in a used plastic clear package with a bad taping. My son and I are extremely disappointed. This is no way worth $19.
I'm such a fool. I thought If it was 38 dollars that it would be a decent size and I thought I checked the size. But I must have gotten distracted or something. It is TINY Worth $20 tops. Luckily I got it for a birthday present and it arrived late so I can return it.
I would not recommend this product  Cute but the music stopped working a few months after my son was born. Didnt get much use from this as he wasn't even in his crib yet. I would not recommend this product.
Spoke in a different language not English as my granddaughter wanted.
Item received does not match the item pictured  The item that I received was totally different.  The one that I received had strings attached to the head along with a suction cup.  The tail was sewn to the back, not out to the side like the one in the picture.  Also, the mouth, ears, arms and legs are different than the one in the picture.  I'm completely dissatisfied with this item and the obvious misrepresentation of this item.  I will be returning this item.
this is really really tiny, I was expecting something a lil bit bigger.
picture looked better. I was very disappointed in this  In my opinion, it's not as cute in person , picture looked better. I was very disappointed in this, very small, did NOT give as a gift, as I intended it to be.
It's a fake Pokedoll!  The following comments are from my daughter, the true buyer of this product:  When I got it, it was nothing like the picture. This is a fake, and if you are a collector and want the real thing, do NOT buy from Sunning Co., Ltd.
Very bad item  I ordered one Bowser Plush 12" and I received one Bowser Plush 8" so I contacted to Hobby Hunters but their solution implicated that I had to invest more money and time, then I dindn't solve my problem. I think the seller had to send me the right item and then I send back the wrong one in the same package without more cost and time for me. Definitly was a bad experience for me and my child to buy with this seller.
I did not receive the doll shown in the picture. I recieved one wearing a dress.
Cute but not baby friendly  That this was very cute and ordered it as a stocking stuffer for my son. Disappointed when it arrived and the hair falls out easily which is a potential choking hazard if my son put it in his month which he does with everything right. Will be returning
Homemade  It appears to have been lovingly created by a sleepy child working in a Chinese prison. Its comically asymmetrical features (crooked teeth, one short leg, diagonal head) make it a unique treasure for my three-year-old. It's his new favorite thing, even though it's only 70% of its advertised size. By the second day, the longer leg had ripped off. His new name is Lefty-kun.
Poor quality  Cheaply made. My daughter really wanted a peach doll, but I'm very unhappy with this purchase. The first day she had it she pointed out 2 holes in the stitching and a few strings hanging off. I hate to sew and did not appreciate that I had to sew this thing  up so she could play with it. Very poorly made compared with other plush toys this size.
Can't Personalize  The VTECH software is broken that you have to download to personalize this bear. You cannot create an account. Prior to that the website had been down for months due to a cyber attack so this bear that we purchased months ago is still useless.
Poor quality product X2  Ordered and returned/received replacement- both were defective.
it did not have the pull string  it did not have the pull string and talk not at all what I hoped for-  this was a disappointment-  specifically wanted a talking one
Elmo does not fit properly on the potty, he pops right out and therefore does not serve his purposes.
Doesn't Glow  <div id="video-block-RDNAXZ7WPY544" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81kZ8sdP3eS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/819wKhcbTCS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I bought this for my son's birthday. The Tigey does not light up like it says it does. I tried turning it off and I replaced the batteries. Still doesn't work. But the sound is fine.
Size matters.  The advertised size is 6", but the size of the product is about 4". That's not entirely off-putting, but for the price, the missing two inches is a lot of money wasted. The product is more of a McDonald's toy than a plush.
Don't Buy  Very small, not life like at all. The "fur" looks extremely cheap and it only walks a few inches at a time. My 2 year old sister loved it but it broke within a week. Not worth it should have bought a more expensive model.
Hard for a little one to buckle  Smaller than I thought, difficult for my 20 month old to do:(
damaged  Had cuts in it, was obviously damaged, but I didn't return it as I had ordered so close to the holiday. Bummer for me. I guess we will improvise and sew it. Disappointing to get a damaged product
Would not work
Don't waste your money.  Not worth the money
Dolls fell apart after one week  I received the items in good condition the day after I ordered them, which was a plus. My 3 year old played with them for one week before they fell apart. One of the arms almost completely fell off and the dresses on the dolls started fraying and ripping. My daughter does not play rough with stuffed animals at all and I was extremely unhappy after paying over $10/ea for a stuffed toy. I ended up driving to the Disney store to get replacements, which is what I was trying to avoid in the first place.
The one we got looks nothing like the picture. Obviously a fake. My daughter is so sad. 7 STAR PROJECTS sells knock offs. Such a bummer.
Dissapointed with the Dino  This item was not as big as expected and not as plushy as expected.  I feel it was poor quality.  It was an international purchase (which I didn't realize (My Fault)) and when I went to return the item I found it was as expensive to return the product as it was to purchase it.  Not worth the added expense.  I am stuck with it.
Falling apart  My daughter LOVES this doll but sadly the stitching around all of the hair has come apart and we had to toss the doll.
Keychain attached to its head  It came with keychain attached to its head. Not shown in description photos, and not what I wanted.
I guess in my mind this would have been bigger.  Acurately advertised, I just underestimated.  TEENY.
I did not buy my Olaf from Amazon I got it online at Walmart... We got him to be from Santa everything worked great and when my 3 year old woke up and saw him she was in love!!! She played with him for about an hour and the he stopped working and all of a sudden you could smell melting plastic. Of course my whole family is checking the Christmas lights before the Olaf is checked and for sure that was where it was coming from. My daughter was devastated so I told her we had to send it back to Santa so he could fix it. I haven't gotten a new one yet but thought I would let everyone know that there is a chance it could heat up and the insides could start melting!!
Disappointing quality  I am so disappointed in this product. I was so excited to buy this one and another for my kiddos. The fur comes off/out so easily. Every time you hold it, fur ends up all over you. Now, it has a significant rip in the seam. All my son does  is sleep with it, so there is no rough play or reason the seam should have opened less than 2 weeks after receiving it. I am now hesitant to allow my one year old have hers without supervision bc if hers rips, the stuffing could be a choking hazard.
The one I got isn't 7 inch's, I measured it at 5 1/2 inch's from head to foot and the description said it was 7 inch's. The head is huge and the body and legs is very small. I wanted this for a Christmas gift but because the size is not what was advertised, this will actually just be a stocking stuffer and 10.00 for a stocking stuffer is crazy. I only recommend this if that is what your looking for a stocking stuffer. Very disappointed :(
Product description/photo does not match the actual product  The good part is that it finally arrived here in Europe. The bad part is that this is not really Scrat. So the product description/photo does not match the actual product that I received. I could have returned it back but in the end we decided to keep it because is so ugly that is funny in a way. It supposed to be a gift but we don't want to scare the kids with it :)) . Please see the photos below.
Very small  The shipping cost makes it a $16 purchase.  This is a small and flimsy doll so it just does not seem worth it.
Bootleg!  This is a bootleg/knockoff of the popular Japanese plush called Alpacasso by Amuse. Authentic Alpacasso are much cuter and of much higher quality. Please steer clear of fake merchandise that rips off creative people and siphons profits from another company's ideas. Nothing good can come from buying bootleg merchandise.
very small and cheap looking  much smaller than I thought.. probably not worth the money
Let the Buyer Beware  A total gouge. This and all other FNAF plushies are carnival-quality toys, sold at a super premium price to capitalize on the fleeting popularity of the video game. A wonderful addition to your local landfill. Not recommended.
I received different plush toy Start Wars Chewbacca.  I received different plush toy Start Wars Chewbacca. I made order for Yoda and I need Yoda. I'm very very disappointed because I need it for a birthday after 1 week. Be very careful with that seller.
fake !  I just got these. the goggles are painted on the shoes and gloves are horrible plush and evidently the photograph was copied from another site. terrible. I wonder if the paint has led in it. I know they are cheap but this is false advertising. I ordered them from another company at a higher price but those are made of plastic and have goggles that are not painted on.
Very poor quality!  This was much smaller then it looks. Also the materials used were cheap! I think it is worth about 5 bucks.
It is cute, but the voice box moves around and is really hard to find and press. My daughter takes the voice box out and plays with it while Oh sits on floor. I'm skeptical of buying TIP because I'm thinking we would have the same issue.
Price should be well under $10  The quality of this stuffed animal is not much better than that which you would win at a carnival.
Very Disappointed  I bought this toy as a stocking stuffer for my husband because he likes silly stuff like this.  However, after he opened it and tried it's maiden voyage fling, it broke.  What a piece of junk. Yeah, I didn't pay that much money for it but still; it should work more than just once!
it looked nothing like it did in the picture  I ordered this for my boyfriend,  and it took over a month to arrive. Not only that, it looked nothing like it did in the picture.  It was not standing up, the eyes were poorly made, and crooked. Some of the material on it was not like it looks in this picture. My boyfriend was happy with it either way. I just wish it was as nice as the picture made it out to be, it was not expensive luckily. So that's good at least.
Keep it in the dark  My daughter didn't like the design.  Too small and hard plastic for the ears, hands and feet.
deformed  Wings were deformed. Everything is deformed
Product did not arrive in its box as it is pictured but in a plastic bag.
Too Small  For the price, I thought it was the larger Tummy Stuffer seen on TV - but this was quite small.
It's OKAY.  Doesn't really look like the picture, the eyes weren't the same and the nose didn't look the same. Still a very soft stuffed animal and its cute, but not what i was hoping for.
very disappointed.  Misleading product description, definitely not 14", very disappointed.
Do not purchase this item  Very disappointed with this toy It is very small , with tiny buckles that are not age appropriate  Very overpriced for the overall quality
Too soft  Too soft - doesn't have as good a shape as the other Mickey characters. I got it for 2 yr old grandson who is really into Mickey Mouse. He liked it so that's what is important
Broken item  Watch was broken when received. At first I thought it was just the battery, so I took it to a jewelry store to have the battery replaced. I watched him out the new battery in, and the watch still did not work.
Sad all over the box it says "Shush I'm Bored" and he doesn't even say that at all!!!  False advertising that's so sad.... And it said 13 inch on the box and when you get the plush its a 10"!!!
Packaging Very Dissapointing  I bought this as a gift and it did not come in original packaging. It is wrapped in a plain, brown box. I do not want to open the box since I'm giving it as a gift but then I cannot verify the content inside. Not at all what I expected and did not appear that way in the picture.
dead battery  Bought this for my son as a Christmas present.  I just received this and the battery is dead. There is no way to replace the battery. How do I return this?
He's super adorable and I love how he stands on his own. Came way sooner than expected. I'm just very disappointed at the size, he's about half the size he was said to be.. :(
This item is a knock off.  NOT the one in the picture.  Waited a month for this just to send it back.
Very cute and looks just like pic, but the head is so heavy and floppy that not too long after receiving it the head tore from the neck. I had to sew it, which, is fine, but it cost too much to rip that easily. Especially considering it's a child's toy!
Do not purchase buyer beware  Terrible was shedding red right out of the package not a stuff animal to give to a child that is 9 months and puts everything in her mouth in which she can choke on! I looked at the tag and its straight from china!!!
Not recommended for small children  I purchased this product for my 3 year old. We received as promised, but was not please with the product. With in 24 hours one of the legs tore at the seam and with in 48 hours another leg tore at the seam. It just seems like it was a mass produced item and therefore the quality is not as I expected. I only paid $11 for it, so you get what you pay for.
more like 13 inches  Not 8.5", more like 13 inches. My son collects the small Sonic plush figures and wanted to add Rouge, but was disappointed that it wasn't the advertised size.
Pinches  This is supposed to be for toddlers. Why did it not protect little fingers from getting pinched?..
chain was broke when we got it .
Unable to download app to get 100% out of bear  unable to download the app to personalized it for my grand daughter i contacted vtech about this problem no solution as of today so really a waste the bear is suppose to talk to my granddaughter by calling her name dissatisfied.
very disappointed  I ordered this for a sweet little girl who has asperger disease and when i got it in the mail it did not work. I was very disappointed. I had to give it to her anyway because she was so excited about it . I was very sad.
after a month it finely comes and it looks like this
It looks terrible, and my daughter was very disappointed  This toy arrived defective.  The head is upside down with the eyes closest to the legs.  It looks terrible, and my daughter was very disappointed.
I paid 20 dollars for for this thing that looks nothing like the picture  This is f&#@ing ridiculous! Do NOT buy this if it's over 2 dollars!! I paid 20 dollars for for this thing that looks nothing like the picture. I wouldn't have mind so much and maybe would keep it if it came in the box that it shows and had her dress... So sad...
Is so small.  Not worth it.
This product was a total waste of money  This product was a total waste of money. The song played exactly ONE time and we never could get it to play again. My Great Granddaughter never got to hear it sing. Totally disappointed .....
Elsas head looks like it will fsll off after one month of playing. Not what I expected.
Too small for the price
Son loves it. Me? Not so much.  My son loves this, but I'm not a huge fan. First off, the lullaby only plays for about 10 seconds (in the show it's about a minute long). Second, since it's a battery operated plushie, there's no way to really wash it, so after year it's getting pretty ratty. Lastly, there are 2 "on" settings; on and try me. When it's on "on", it stays on unless you manually turn it off. If this gets tossed in the toy box and accidentally turned on, I find it dead the next morning. I'm not sure why there isn't an auto off after 5 minutes or so, but I've had to go through a lot of batteries because of this.
Misleading and obnoxious  Disappointed that the product didn't mention the inconvenience with this product.  Initially, it was well-received.  Cute, cuddly, etc.  Then randomly my house is full of green little bastards.  Turned the place into a s***show.  Do NOT buy, unless you don't mind pests that wreck your s***.
Watch the pictures closely  The main two pictures are great... the one showing the size, however, is the actual animal you get.  Posted customer pictures confirm.  Personally I think there's a big difference between the one made without the seam down the forehead and the one with.  Wish I had paid closer attention... but then again this might not bother everyone.  cheers
Not actually Plush  When I think of "plush" I picture a soft stuffed animal.  This is filled with some type of bead, maybe just Styrofoam, because it is lightweight, but I don't know.  But "plush" is not a correct description.  Beanie stuffed toy is more accurate.
Not a very good likeness  The face on the doll we got was all wrong.  The eyes were set farther apart than the picture, so Animal's nose was right between them, not below them.  The rest of the doll was good.  Maybe there are some of these that were sewn correctly, but our doll definitely was not.  It's going back.
ok it barely fits any clubs.  i returned it as soon as i got it
elmo  one note at a time  I was disppointed that this toy for very young children only played one note at a time for a song.  The child, it would seem, would never get the tune.
Cheap  Thought this was like the talking tom app, but its not. Just a cheap squeeze toy worth about a buck from the dollar store . Not even worth returning .
It's ok if I saw it in the store and tried it I wouldn't have bought it
The kids do love the toy  The toy cane with a rip on the seam. I had to sew it. The kids do love the toy. It shouldn't come damaged though.
Sorry, Not legit. Buy San-ei or Nintendo plushies instead.  I got this as a gift... And its a FAKE! I hate plushies with poor quality and didn't match the video game... Picture... And other plushies. If you see a yoshi with This shape or arms stretched out, it's a fake. Don't buy this, it falls apart in a day. And if you put this in the wash, it gets scraggly and gets dog/cat fur and fuzz. If you buy this be extra careful especially the kids. I played with it until his head fell of. Don't buy. P.S. he/she bought it here
Stitching looks like a child did it  Small. Stitching looks like a child did it. Disappointed.
Too small
Sad..  Sad...was not what I thought when I purchased her...she does not giggle and she is very small.  I ordered it for a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and now I am going to have to find another one.
Music and most lights work. But the characters are supposed to dance and they don't
Doesnt last long  It was going great! I bought it, easy set up then 4 months later it has stopped working! It stinks because my baby loved it and now Ill have to buy a new one.
Dose not work!  This tree does not work. Very disappointed as I sent it to my daughter. What can I do about it? Judy Olson
not good at all  It totally broke one leg on the 2nd day.not good at all.
They were half the advertised size. I was very dissatisfied.
IT DOES NOT TALK  Sold by Oriental-beauty:  This item does not talk as advertised.  It is not broken, it has no internal mechanism to talk.
Terrible service and product!!!  I don't write reviews at all but I am so upset with tons product it's not even funny. It didn't look anything of what it was suppose to and the fact that I can't contact seller to figure out how to return or exchange is very annoying. Not good at all!!!
ONLY 6" Plush - Not 14" as it seems in description  BUYER BEWARE...measurements are in VM not inches. This is actually only 6" inch doll that sold by others for half the price.
No open eyes for Dumbo
Not as pictured nor as advertised.  Is not a "real" minecraft dragon, but instead some knock off.  Flimsy.  Interestingly it does have the Mojang tag on it, which may escalate it all the way to counterfeiting.  What is the deal, Amazon?  Where is the quality control?
Initially seemed like good quality  Initially seemed like good quality, but after less than a month of moderate use the tail has fallen off. We liked it, but after having to wait over a month to receive it we had hoped it would last longer than that before it started falling apart.
Green hair.  Her hair is seriously green, and her face stitching isn't symmetrical.  Disappointed.
A little smaller  for its price but my child loves it
VERY UPSET WITH ELMO DOES NOT SING A FULL SONG YOU NEED TO KEEP SAUEEZING IT AND IT IS VERY SMALL
Not an original Disney doll  Very disappointed. I started collecting these dolls for my daughter and is ovious the different between this doll and the rest of them, which were bought at the Disney Store for the same price. Bad quality and poorly made.
Nice looking toy but the fur was falling out the first day.
Poor product  Cute as a button. Worked one time only and never worked again.
Looks nothing like the picture  I'm not happy with this item at all, the one I received looks nothing like Daniel Tiger. His face is thin and long.
As pictured but came apart too soon and too easily.
ANTLER BROKEN RETURNED
Terrible  Extremely disappointed in the quality. I knew it would be small but it was thin, no stuffing, smashed, and not worth fifty cents.
Poor quality. Not as expected  Poor quality.  Not as expected.  Stuffing coming out in different area. Very cheap like made. Would not recommend buying it.
After one week, the toy didn't speak, and also have problems in the arms
Good but poorly hand made  There's a lot of glue spots showing up wich looks like not professional at all. My friends asks me if I bought it on a Chinese store. Does not even come with the leek!
Bad product  Received the item at a good time but it's nothing like the one on the web site.  My son looks at details, he is 11 years old and started telling me how the legs are different, the cape is different, the mouth is different.  The plushy was done with bad material.  Very disappointed at the product.  I don't see the point in returning it since I will have to pay for the package and go thru more hassle then what it's worth!!!!
I ordered the 2-piece set of Harry the Bunny and Vocabularry, the parrot, and only received the parrot. I'm sure it was just an error in packing, but now I have to return the parrot and place my order again.
Arrived with a small stain!  This arrived wrapped tightly in plastic, but when I unwrapped it there was small brown stain on it! I didn't have time to return it (needed it for a gift) or I would have. The velour-like fabric is a little wrinkled/smashed too. For the price I expected higher quality and I would not purchase this again.
Wrong dinosaur sent  Wrong dinosaur sent...my daughter wanted a red dinosaur so i ordered the red stegosaurus for her birthday but received this t rex.  It is pretty cute though so i am keeping it for my little boy.
very poorly made  This is NOT like any of the other Yoshi toys my son has. It will definitely fall apart with the way he plays with his Yoshi's (which get thrown around and whipped around by their arms....we have had them for over a year and are still in excellent condition). I will NEVER buy another from this place. It is partially made of felt and the stitching was already coming undone when we received it. PIECE OF JUNK.
Did not recieve what description said it was... very disappointed  Very disappointed. I ordered this 4 pcs Paw Patrol Plush Pup Pals because I wanted the 4 that was pictured. However when I got my order I received only 1 plush pup pal and it was none of the 4 it was Rider (the brown pup dressed in Orange with a helmet)
Looks dirty and old  Shown as orange. Arrived pink and white. Looks dirty and old, very disappointed since I spent almost $13 with shipping 
my son didn't like the way it sound
Not that great  Very cute but cheaply made. The sound quality is terrible and you can barely hear it. sounds like it will stop working any Second. On the plus side my daughter loves it.
Dreadful. Not even close to the picture. Sent back.
It looks angry, is evil.  This Glaceon doll is incredibly ugly and looks nothing like the picture. It's horrifying and a very big waste of money. Sad for my favorite Pokemon. Edit: I have actually grown to like this because of how evil it looks. It makes it unique. It's kind of like Sharknado; it's so bad it's good.
Disappointed in this.  Bought for my 2 year old.  Only works off and on.
Great for kids  These ARE perfect for children. I was disappointed as I bought them for hot flashingahef women friends,lol. Customer service returned without any problems, and I thank them.
Eh....  There is nothing wrong with it, i just don't see my grandson play with it like he does with the regular furby
I thought for $20 I was getting good quality but looks just like those $6 ones  Looks cheap. I thought for $20 I was getting good quality but looks just like those $6 ones.
Received incorrect item  Received regular plush not talking one.
After 4 days of play by a 14 month old, one of the straps have come out and the strap is unraveling. Don't know if it is just a defective one or if they are all poorly sewn.
Bad stitching. The eyes are crooked  Poorly made. Bad stitching. The eyes are crooked. 1 arm is longer than the other. Luckily my daughter doesn't care.
not that big  Was not that big or soft. Made with cheep material. Not what I thought I was buying. Will not order from this seller again.
Not at all like picture  For $75...waited a month to get it. SMALL and not as nice as picture. Disappointed! Not worth the price!!!!! Would not recommend.
For the price, I expected something larger.
DO BOT BUY!!!!!!!  Im am definitely sending him back! He looks creepy!!! And his mouth was damaged and crooked. He was barely fastened in his box. His box was all ripped!!! Sooooo effing angry! DO NOT BUY!!!!!
Sent wrong item  My girlfriend ordered this as a joke gift in a secret santa and when we opened it the day of the party we saw they sent us the red blood cell instead. Needless to say it wasn't much of a joke. The receipt in the box said the right item, how hard is it to pack a box
Arrived fast but very disappointed. Color is blue not white like Lugia should be and eyebrows were bent. Material is rough. Definitely not worth $8
the powers that be thought it was a good idea to price gouge the elephant  Unfortunately, the powers that be thought it was a good idea to price gouge the elephant. $18? No way is this worth $18. I bought it for $6-7 and wanted to buy more but refuse to do it for that price.
VERY DISAPPOINTED - no operating manual - a sad 5 y/o little girl can't use this doll as her family cannot figure out how to get it to work for her.  I ordered online and had it shipped to her only to find out it does not work.
Very disappointing  Sad. Definitely not worth the money. Considering it cost more than the Elmo I expected it to, at the very least, move its mouth
Dosen't  work right but to close to christmas to send back.
This was soft and looked really cute but, the stitching started to come undone after one day.  One of the legs almost came all the way off and the seam on the back also popped open. I had to restitch all the seams.
not quite right  I returned this.  I love Elmo but this one's hands didn't cover his eyes completely and the voice was just irritating.  too bad.  cute idea!  still looking for a good one.
Plastic eyes  We have a cookie, and bought this one for backup when we wash the first one. The backup arrived and it has plastic eyes. I hate how the purchases seem to not be consistent. Planning to return the plastic eyed one, and hope we get cloth next time.
Got a defective one...  It took nearly a month to get here. When it arrived my daughter opened it and discovered its wings were sewn on upside down.  Requested replacement and awaiting reply.
The legs are not stuffed like they should have  Not as expected. The legs are not stuffed like they should have been
Price is ridiculous  Won't be ordering ever again unless it goes back down to the original price of 7.99!!!!
Received Fake Knock-Off  I specifically ordered a Genuine Disney Story Olaf 9 inch plush and received a fake chinese knock-off.  I purchased one of these in December at the Disney store and the one I received was obviously not the authentic Disney store version.  Definitely not worth the $30 I paid!
Not That Super-De-Dooper  Barney is put together okay, but when you press his stomach you will be surprised! He doesn't sound too much like the Barney on TV. We got Barney at Christmas and it is now May and our batteries are dying. There is no way to replace them. Not happy.
Product looks different from what is pictured.  Well first it takes forever and a day to ship on the slow boat. But that was expected. What was not expected was that it did not look the same as the product picture. Smaller eyes. Different shaped body. Different nose placement. The plush we got did not look an accurate representation of the character. My son was very disappointed to get a Bonnie plush that doesn't really look like Bonnie. He was very specific in ordering this one because of the way the picture looked. So while we ordered a Bonnie and we got a Bonnie, it isn't the one pictured. Very disappointed.
Star says it all!
If you use your imagination they may look like Gudetama.  These were very cheap looking. Should have cost 5$.  If you use your imagination they may look like Gudetama.
Something is odd.  My 6 year old daughter thinks it's the face looks weird... I have to agree
Beware! Weird arms and legs/tiny head  I just received this puppy and it does NOT look like the picture! It has a teeny tiny head perched on a weird looking body with very long, curved monkey arms and long skinny legs. Not cute and just awkward looking. The fur is very soft but besides that I was so disappointed with my purchase! I wanted to bring a stuffed animal for my son on our vacation but unfortunately this little guy has got to go back.
I was disappointed to findout that Donald Trumps face was not on the Tsum Tsum. I thought it was part of a new presidential collection.
Elmo was a bust.  Simply did not work.  Nothing else to say.  Apparently quality control was sorely lacking at the overseas factory that week.
Very awful construction  for starters..why the hell is his hair blue?? In the product picture his hair is clearly gray/ almost silver. just arrived and his kunai knife is already spliting into layers. clearly they didn't spend enough time making this product correctly.
Love the glow worm but it stopped working shortly after I got it :/
Poor Quality  I bought this for my 10 month old daughter for Easter, and less than 36 hours after giving it to her- with very minimal play- the seam ripped open on the silky "hand" and the stuffing came out. Considering this is a blanket/lovey for a baby, this is a pretty serious flaw and safety issue since most babies like to put things in their mouth. The stuffing is definitely something a baby could choke on. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Jose ruiz
first of all it is orange not yellow like picture. The wings are also very floppy  first of all it is orange not yellow like picture. The wings are also very floppy, my son was not very happy.
Very poor quality - lots of holes in the product - I had to sew them up.
KNOCK OFF!!!  This is a fake/very bad rip off of I Love Eievui Plushies!!! I own the official Flareon plush and it looks nothing like the one pictured here!! Do not get ripped off!!
Mostly Fake  Umbreon, Espeon, and Leafeon's designs are not the same as all the others. They are squished together and the sewing pattern is less detailed., Half of Leafeon's face is upside down, and Umbreon's tail is sewed in between it's feet. Espeon is made of a different fabric entirely, and the red circle has been glued on. The copyrights for most of the Pokemon are 2010, but the tags on them were no longer made after 2007. Eevee, Flareon, and Glaceon still are somewhat high quality though.
great toy until it stops working  this was a wonderful toy that my daughter loved... until it broke and elmo stopped singing.  it lasted about two months before something broke within the toy leaving my daughter very disappointed.  she kept asking for new batteries for it but there are no batteries for this toy.  it works until it stops and then you are just left with an elmo doll.
Cheaper elsewhere  Km*rt has this in stock right now for 10.99 plus shipping. If it is not in stock, keep checking. Looked like they has all six plush toys in stock for 10.99 a piece.
The head is hard plastic.  The feet keep coming unglued from the fur.
Wrong product was delivered.
Size of your hand  SMALL!!! It's about the size of your hand. I failed to read the description clearly.
Not worth it  I bought this toy for my son when he was 2 and a huge cars fan.  We really only used as a decoration/bed pillow for his room.  Unfortunately, the side stitching ripped with little active use.  Matter held up well, but I suggest skipping it.  Its not worth the money.
Doesn't looks like advertised.
Fake! Do not buy.  This is not the real thing. It is a fake. It's not even made by Senai. I have the real one and the fake one and can distribute pictures it desired. The aeller told me it was real, but it's a fake. Do my buy this product unless you want a fake.
Not bad just looks crummy in real life.
Disney Knockoff from China
it never arived at all
We don't like that the hood constantly falls off  We don't like that the hood constantly falls off. I don't think it's an official product or that wouldn't happen.
so/so  Was cute but it didn't sound like caillou and the voice was very low...my niece liked it but didn't love it
I was sent the wrong thing  I was very disappointed. I paid too much as it was for this dragon. When it came in the mail it was not what I ordered it was a tiny Pokemon stuffed animal that looked like it came from a vending machine.  Super disappointed,after waiting for this to get the wrong item shipped to me.  My little boy loves how to train your dragon and would have really enjoyed this.
No like
Tore on First Pull  Purchased for my 5 year old for Christmas.  He took it out of the box, gave it a stretch and heard a noticeable rip.  Turned it over to see the arm almost pulled off and the stuffing coming out.  The VERY FIRST PULL.  Unbelievably poor quality.  It's a stretchkins for goodness sakes.  Meant to be "stretched".  Requested the return the day after Christmas and I will not be replacing it after seeing all the other poor reviews.
NOT LIKE THE PICTURE!?  A friend bought this for me off my wishlist and i assumed because of the good reviews that the doll would look exactly like the picture. Im pretty sure I got a knock off! Im contacting the seller as soon as im done writing this and demanding an explanation. the color is different, the face is different, the ears do not stand up like they appear to in the photo and the lil white fluff around the neck isn't even attached to the rest of the body. im so upset  UPDATE. i contacted the seller but they will not send me a new one because i don't have the order number... how am i supposed to have the order number when someone bought this off of my wishlist?! im really upset the eevee i got is so weird and crappy looking.
It looked like the picture but the voice is HORRIBLE  It looked like the picture but the voice is HORRIBLE! It sounds nothing like Barney, my daughter will be disappointed on Christmas Day. Don't buy this!!!!
Nasty Gunk on mane  This is a cute stick pony/unicorn for a small child, but mine arrived with dirty brown drier gunk in several places on the mane. Gross! It's a gift and not enough time to exchange for another one, so I'm attempting to clean the mane or trim off the spots. Very nasty. I'm attaching pictures of one of the spots.
Jumbo? Not exactly.  This is pathetic. Barely 10 inches tall and horrible quality. I'm returning it today.
Adorable, but poor quality  Pros:  The dolls are adorable, soft, and huggable. My almost-three-year-old loves them.  Cons:  We gave the dolls to my daughter today, and within two hours, Elsa's shoe had a hole in it, and a seam on Anna's dress is coming apart. (The fabric is actually coming apart; it's not just a popped seam.) I'm really disappointed that the brand new toys have to be mended.  Other reviewers said their dolls were holding up well, no problems, well made, etc, so the two dolls we got might be duds in a generally good product, but I can speak for only my own experience.
way over priced  This doll if avaiable is 20 bucks at the disney store...you should be embaressed to be charing almost 90! Boo.
Happy then disappointed  My son was happy to get the Iceberg Lettuce until he noticed a small hole in it a few minutes after he opened the package.  He was very disappointed.
Should be ashamed  Disgusting that you sell a stuffed animal representing something that causes cancer.  it's not funny OR cute
Too tiny for the price.  This item is too small for the price.  It is really no bigger than my hand.  I guess I should have read more reviews on the ACTUAL size.  But I am not returning it because it is a birthday gift and it is tomorrow!
Very tiny and too expensive
False advertising  This doll was 6 inches tall. False advertising!! The size of a beanie baby. It can fit in my hand. For 10 dollars more, at toys'r'us, we bought a 2 foot tall one. Highly, highly disappointed with this. We were gonna return it but didn't wanna go through the trouble.
Not as good as the photo  Looked different from the photo. Shape & proportion is a little off.
Disappointed  Cheaply made, especially the "hair".  My daughter doesn't ever play with it because "it's too itchy".
Plush cookie monster  This toy does not exactly look like cookie monster, but it is cute.  Good price though and fast shipping.  It is small enough for my little one to pack around.
Derpizard!  I absolutely hate this product. I'm not saying that because I don't like Pokemon, that is far from the truth. The product I ordered is FAR from the product I received. It is CLEARLY a bootlegged product.  First off, one of the wings was not fully attached. Next his legs are folded  under him like he's sitting with crossed legs. But the worst part is the head... Oh that horrible head... It was incredibly lopsided with humongous eyes.  Now I can't say that's how all the products are, but that is my experience with this product... Buyer beware.
My Cibe Didn't Contain Enough Stuffing
One of the more annoying toys ever made  Basically, the quality of the Abby Cadabby wand is good.  The constant noise it makes, however, is why I rated this 2 stars.  I have no idea why whoever made this did not design an off switch but they didn't.  It makes the same obnoxious sound very easily with no way to stop it.  Even if you're just, say, cleaning up toys after the kids go to bed- you pick it up to put it away and it goes off multiple times- LOUDLY- while the kids are sleeping.  Fantastic.  Get this for a kid if you don't like their parents and want to annoy them!
Change the price back!  I absolutely love this elephant! I like to personalize them and i need to order more but I will not pay almost double. Change the price and I'll change my review.
My 3.5-year-old baby girl loves this guy & sleeps with him every night.  My only problem with it is that Tigey (or however you spell Daniel's little plastic tiger toy, haha) stopped lighting up after only three days. My daughter was VERY disappointed about this & didn't understand why we couldn't fix it. My husband is an electrical engineer & has fixed MANY a toy with iffy-wiring, but he couldn't fix this toy. It was unfortunate that I ordered it in September for one of her Christmas gifts, so by the time it was opened & played with, it was the end of December & probably too late to exchange.  If Tigey still worked, it would easily be a five-star rating. Because of that, I would unfortunately not purchase this little guy again.
After paying $12 to ship this overseas, i received a toy lamb that doesnt work. My husband and i tried to squeese it so hard and several times in hopes it'll make a baaa sound as promised on the product description but we were sent a defective one. Please give us our money back.
Constantly changes into Obnoxius Boy Character that our GIrl Doesn't like  We got one of these for our 7 year old girl and the darn thing changes into an obnoxious boy character all the time.  There are tons of you tube videos about changing it back into a cute girl, but but it take like 5 minutes of shaking or other crazy tricks just to get it back to a toy that a 7 year old girl wants to play with.  It's become such a chore to get it to be a toy that a girl wants to play with.  I do understand that it's supposed to change based on how you treat it, but you can imagine our little girl trying to appreciate her new toy on her birthday several times during her birthday, it changes into (what's supposed to be amusing) obnoxious dude which did not make her want to play with it.  This toy definitely needs some updates to limit how obnoxious it can become or to at least keep the gender the same.  Not sure what the attraction is for this toy based on this annoying characteristic.
Not durable  The seam on the back of this plush doll popped open less than a day after I got it and my son started pulling all of the stuffing out.  The toy now resides in the garbage along side all of the ones my dog destroyed.
Wrong color  I ordered specifically the mermaid with purple tail and black hair because my daughter likes Cleo from H2O. I was very disappointed to get a red headed one with pink tail. Luckily my daughter still likes the mermaid. However, if you offer color choices and don't deliver, disappointing.
Smaller than I thought
... it at Disney store and got a larger one like I wanted and the material was very cheap  Very small for what I paid could've bought it at Disney store and got a larger one like I wanted and the material was very cheap!
Not quality  I purchased two of these for twins and returned them due to the poor quality. Definitely did not seem like official Gund(R)
Broken neck  The giraffe came broken! Returned it.
Did not meet expectations  My wife purchased this toy for our 2 year old. Apparently this toy will not repeat after you like the talking Tom application. It just makes some pre programmed sounds. That part was not very clear from the description of the product.so we returned it
Poor quality build, face is very hard to see.
Received this item with a huge water stain on it. Returned for full refund
Good buy to keep in the package as a collectable  The zombie that comes with one of them doesnt stand up!!! The other one stands, however the zombies head came shipped with his head loosened, and it already broke off.
Not nice  Despite the bad reviews, I really needed to give it to someone, so I got it. It really IS that bad. It doesn't seem to be going to fall apart, but I can totally see it if played by kids. It is cheaply made, the eyes are not vivid as it may seem from the photo, the "skin" color is the worst detail, very ugly color. It's not "fluffy" and chubby like the photo shows... It's hard to explain... It's SO lifeless..... A great disappointment. Also, be aware that, according to vendor, it could take weeks to be delivered (due to customs). It may or may not be delivered on schedule.
Was only about 8 inches high.  This item came to me via the mail from China.  It was horrible...in fact I plan on returning this item.  Terrible.  Please do not send me anything made in China.  Let your users know in advance.
This is NOT a large, plush toy!
Don't buy Aurora  Doll is cute, however not in New condition when received, dirty and worn , buy this doll from a different seller than aurora
Does not resemble Manhattan dolls or groovy girls  He's boy dolls are titled as "groovy girl boisterous boys" in "Manhattan dolls boisterous boys" they are also priced the same as Manhattan dolls groovy girls. For anyone looking to match the Manhattan now for a boy and girl this is disappointing. The boy is much smaller and nowhere on the packaging does it say it is a Manhattan Dow or anything to do with groovy girls. Had I not been trying to match Dolls would have been satisfiedwith the product but probably not willing to pay the same price as a Manhattan when it is much smaller and less detailed. The inaccurate sales pitch is the problem here more than the product. I was able to return mine for free shipping.
Not pleased  The first time I wore this the tiny zipper got caught in the fur. I was two days late to send back for a return on Amazon and now stuck with a defunct chewbacca... I can get it back on tract but it is a struggle. I loved it other than that but as a backpack function it is now practically useless....
lack of stuffing.
Smaller than expected!  Very cute but small!
Probably not a licensed product
I was not happy it took over a month to receive and by that time was too small to give to puppy, not size i thought.
Expensive and small  Pretty expensive, very small
Couldn't find many Barney options.  I bought this because at the time my young toddler son was really excited about Barney and loved watching it on YouTube.  I hate this doll.  The song is awful and SO LOUD.  The other reviews are right, it's way too difficult to find the right place to push to play the song.  Which was actually good for me because I'm so glad my 15 month old never figured out how to make the song play on his own.  He liked carrying it around for a few weeks and taking it with him for nap.  After a while he stopped caring about Barney and I'm glad because this is not what I wanted and I only bought it because I couldn't find anything better.  I've got nothing against Barney, I just don't know why it's impossible to find a large, silent, soft Barney doll to cuddle.
Cute  This is a cute plus toy. It is ALOT smaller then I thought it would a larger toy. But my son loved it and that is what matters.
Cheaply Made Knock Off  The item I received was not like the item pictured. While similar in color, and design, it does not come with the FNAF tag like the one displayed in the picture. The one I received is in fact a Cheaply made Chinese knock off. If you're looking for original FNAF merchandise, do not buy this item. You will be disappointed!!
Disappointed  Had to return..didnt work when received
doesn't look anything like a barracuda
Way smaller then expected for price. Didn't get a chance to look at it when purchased.
FAKE  Not the same one in store. FAKE for sure. Totally disappointed
Disappointed:(  It was very small and not well made.
Not quality nor worth the amount they charge, Parts are only tied onto the animal, not sewn. Looks nothing like the picture.  very low quality made item. I am very disappointed in this particular item it doesn't even come close to looking like the item in the picture. I bought the item for my grandson who is an avid mario brothers fan ad am almost embarrassed to give it to him now. I could have gotten a plush animal out of the coin crane machine with higher quality material than this one, parts of the decor on this animal are actually only tied on. Not worth the money spent and especially for the price they are asking. Will not purchase another of this company's plush toys..When ordering the item, it showed a quick delivery but once it was ordered it came up for delivery over a month later. (Shipping is very slow)
Disappointed  Not what I expected. Plus Elmo had dirt on him. He looked like he had been on the floor of a department store for awhile. Was not comfortable giving it as a gift and put it in the GoodWill box.
Product came with a big hole in its neck. Very disappointing.
Unhappy with the quality.  It was much smaller than I expected.  I did not feel that the product was worth the price.  Although my grandchild was very happy with the Tepig.
<div id="video-block-RH1D9MLPEOE98" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91V7MlOIS%2BS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91P-SEM6xsS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a piece of crap!!  Water immediately got inside the device near the battery compartment.  This is unsafe for children. All you see are the batteries. The photos in the advertisement are very misleading and cleverly conceal the fact that all you see are batteries. So cheaply made that when I went to take out the batteries the screws became stripped.  I don't know where all the great reviews came from, possibly everyone in the small town in China where this is manufactured wrote a good review.
No Tags  My son and I were very disapointed. The product review states that it is authentic and that it  would come with the tags attatched. Well....The tags were not attatched and therefore we do not know if this item is indeed authentic!
Leaning Tower of No Face  The stuffing is off so he looks like he's leaning to the side.  I think the base is warped somehow.
Not appropriate design for children.  This toy is appropriately named.  It is creepy looking for all the wrong reasons.  My daughter asked for "creeper" and we are looking for something a little less phalic.
Get another stuffed toy.  The item was just so bad that I decided not to give it to my son. The item was so poorly made and constructed that I had to return the item.
POOR example of Baby Bop  My daughter loves Baby Bob and when we opened it...wow! The colors are not even close to true green and purple and it's shape is odd too. Overall...it looks like a carnival game toy at best!
It looks quite creepy and the spinning feature doesn't go with the audio at all. I'd suggest passing on this one.
Not a song to be heard :(  Very disappointed with product for the price. Does not sing anything just says la ....la.....la...Would not recomend this toy for a child looking for Elmo to sing to them.
These look cute online, but in real life they are cheap looking.
Creepy.
Cute but falling apart.  So disappointing  Gizmo is really cute.  He looks just like in the movie!  I did notice he does have a fur issue near his left eye.  Ill have to hot glue it.  Hes small.  He fits in my hand.  Hes weighted a bit on his bottom.  My son will love him Im sure.  I hope his feet don't fall off like Ive read in other reviews.  They seem secure.  His ears, hands and feet are plastic.  Hes really cute though.  I hope he holds up to my 5 year olds rough love.  Lol  Update:  1/1/2018.  Its been one week since Christmas and unfortunately, Im really disappointed.  My son has been being very gentle with Gizmo and hes falling apart.  Hands are loose, fur is fraying all over.  It makes me sad because my 5 year old is in love with him!  I keep using a glue gun to try and reinforce him.  What a bummer.  Unfortunately, don't waste the money.
Bought original but got Fake...  It is not an original item from Sanei. The mustache is a piece of hairy plush fabric attached that is completely different from the plush mustache shown in the images and form the rest of Mario plushes. The nose is poorly made and to conclude it does not appear to be Mario Bros. In addition, it took a long time to arrive and it does not have a tracking number. Very upset with this item.
I don't know if there is some trick to getting the bounce mode to work.  I am going to,have to return mine.  Glad I tried it bef  Bounce mode didn't work
Crap not worth the price junk
They don't like the movie characters  The faces are off. They don't like the movie characters. Bought for my 6 year old niece as a gift. She asked what was wrong with their faces.
Exactly like the picture but you do not get your money's worth it is super small and not worth $38
This one was too small.
To small to use for a school aged child
Very disappointed.  I was very unhappy, the toy does not function properly. We thought it could be the battery but we switched them and it still did not sing. Very disappointed.
Not a Hugger  Not as cute as I thought it would be.  It is heavy and stiff from wires and battery box.  The kids do not play with it at all.
Not good enough for the real Disney store  I was not impressed with Sven.  He was lopsided and one leg was shorter than the rest.  It almost seemed like a defective one that Disney wouldn't take but a third-party got a hold of and sold.  The tag was also ripped (probably to take off the price), but it was ripped like something took a big bite into it.  I purchased this for a colleague whose name is Sven so having the authentic name tag on it would've been nice.  But I was in a time crunch and the Disney store was sold out so I decided to keep it anyway.  But next time I will go to the actual store, not some online third-party.
Item not as pictured.  Ordered this for a birthday present because my daughter and her friends love the Rilakkuma bears.  So disappointed when it came and looked completely different from the picture.  It seems like the head was sewed on crooked, it leans in the opposite direction, and on top of that, it's eyes are not "sleeping."
I returned it, it didn't even talk
Rip Off  I cannot believe I spent over 30.00 for such a small stuffed toy.  My bad for not researching but this is highway robbery for middle class parents out there
Came as the wrong pokemon  I was to get Glaceon, but got Umbreon instead.  UGH.  Not going to waste the time to send it back and get the right one.  :0(
This is not what I received.  Very disappointed.  Mine doesn't have a " Pooh" shirt and doesn't look anything like the real thing.
Too Small  This product is roughly the size of an average adults hand. I'd advise that if you are seeking a good sized plush item to avoid making this purchase. Frankly it boils down to a cost/quality issue...for a few bucks this product is spot on...$13 dollars is much too high.
Quality was horrible and it didn't even fit my hybrid
Had a small hole in bottom when it arrived
Not authentic  This appears to be a knock off. The facial features are printed on, not embroidered. The dress and doll have poor stitching and quality. I will be returning it promptly.
Not very happy a present for my grandson and was rip l had to stich it
Daughter loved it - I think it was overpriced for quality  This was bought for my daughter to give to her boyfriend.  The issue I have is the quality -- it isn't much better than the "stuff" animals you win at a fair.  In fact, immediately out of the box it had to be repaired with thread and needle.  This is more of a conversation/collectible piece, but it should definitely have a better quality to price ratio.  Now, my daughter and her boyfriend liked it, so there is that.
Dumbo is itself cute but it seems the crown is poorly stiched and you can see one of his eir is not standing well as it came like this with the package  This is not authentic genuine Disney Dumbo plush . There is no Disney stamp on his foot or anywhere. Dumbo is itself cute but it seems the crown is poorly stiched and you can see one of his eir is not standing well as it came like this with the package . I am very much dissapinted as I wanted a Disney's aunthentic one. If you want Authentication then don't buy .
doesn't work whatever you do ,Elmo has an accident even if you sit him on potty:(disappointed not for potty training, just an Elmo
Poor quality  Plush came apart within the first 2 days of owning. Contacted seller to replace and seller did not respond.
Photo of dog is misleading!  I bought this dog, which was more expensive than several others I saw online, because I loved the way its tail stuck up in the photo.  Apparently it was a "staged" photo because, try as I might, I cannot get the tail of the dog I received to stand up at all.  It is a cute dog and I will probably not go to the expense of returning it, but I am very disappointed and would not recommend it because of what I believe to be false advertising.
THIS IS GARBAGE!  This was absolutely terrible! I received it almost two months after the estimated delivery date and what I received does not look like what I ordered. The hair especially is wrong. The tag doesn't even have the correct characters name on it! Do not order this!
WARNING NO PACKAGING!  They really should make it obvious that they are not sending it in the packaging. If you go on now they have that option but when I purchased this item I DEFINITELY purchased the standard packaging. They sent it without the packaging anyway.
What were they thinking?  I bought this toy for my 8-yr old son's birthday, to accompany some other Star Wars gifts. Yoda "talks", and by that, I expected a selection of catchphrases from the movies... Not the case! The only thing he says is, "Size is not everything, hmmmm!" Not only do I find that a bit suggestive and off-putting, I don't remember Yoda uttering that sentence, ever. Wouldn't be so bad if he mixed it up with some other phrases, but no. Size is not everything, size is not everything, size is not everything.... my son keeps squeezing him, just to drive us nuts. Besides, this little Yoda is not even very cute -- his eyes are weird, which may suit the early 80s puppet style, but it not something you want to cuddle. Should have gone for Chewbacca...
Disappointed  It was Smaller than I expected for the price. The box inside it moves around and you have to hunt for it to press it.
Not worth the price  Very small stuffed figure.  Quality was ok, but not worth the $27 paid for it.
Review Rant  I was super excited when I found this on Amazon! I ordered one right away. A few days after I placed my order, I got an email saying that it would take around 25-30 days for delivery. I was disappointed at the delivery date, but did not cancel my order. 23 days later, I finally got the package. I was super excited to open the package, but the excitement vanished once I looked at the actual plush. IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE. All the hair was matted together, and the eyes were way too far apart. The body hair in the front literally looks like a beard. The ears are strange, at least in my opinion. To say I was disappointed was an understatement. This is not worth the money, and I would not recommend anyone to buy this product unless they're ok with the odd features. I am returning this product as soon as possible.
Too many accidents  Have to agree with so many others. I can't get him to not have an accident! It's not on the "demo" setting. It's hit or miss if he has an accident, no matter how hard I cram him into the potty chair. No way can my daughter do it.
Small Dr. Seuss Items  The dr.seuss items are to small, will be returning. The price is to high for the small items.
waste of money  waste of money, got two of them for my granddaughters and they both won't connect to the ipads they have, even tried different ones and they won't work, they even say on the furby web site they have problems. Don't waste your money on them
Cheaply made. Stitching came off the seems after a couple days.
Poor Packaging  This product came very "man handled."  There is a rip right down the center of the packaging and it looks like Elmo is smashed in. I bought this item to give to a child whose parents can't afford to buy presents and the last thing I want to give them is something that looks used.
The product that arrived did not look like the photo which clearly stated the figure was 12 inches. False advertising! The actual product only stood about 6 inches high, was made of cheap material, and the band color was purple and flimsy. Not at all what I expected! Product also arrived several days late .... took over 6 weeks to arrive :-(
too small
BOOTLEG. FAKE.  This umbreon came with no tags like the one in the picture, it looks fake i think its a chinese bootleg
Delivery took way too long and some of the parts came off within a day
disappointed  I am so disappointed in this product,very expensive and this is an imitation joon .Tell tale signs are in its feet and mouth. Ifeel cheated .do not buy this JOON.
Won't buy again  The item was no where near 36" tall,  it was barely 26" tall.
my favorite animal is the ape  Vtech needs to remove the line,  " ...my favorite animal is the ape, just like you. .  I will say no more here.  I will return the toy and write VTECH.
Not what I expected
The fabric is not the quality I was hoping for.
Careful  There are some amazon sellers (margaritas-video-store) who have inaccurate photographs of the bear they are actually selling.  it is very different from the one you will be sent, they will not exchange it and will demand a 20% restocking fee.  You can buy this bear being sold by some sellers fro 99$, for 39$ on the disney site.
Looks tacky  To be honest I expected more from this doll, I really don't like the gremlins but my man does so I bought this for him. It seems to be poorly made, it isn't soft. I feel like the fur is just tacky. There is a little bit of noticeable glue around one of his eyes which kind of annoys me when I see the doll. But you get what you paid for.
I was disappointed. It is a cheap knock off  No it didn't. I was disappointed. It is a cheap knock off. The tail has already spilt. The hair on its back is white not pink. I should have spent the extra money and bought one in the store
Annoying!!  Annoying!!
Inconsistent product fulfillment  Our 7 year old daughter asked for a talking doll for Christmas.  The first "talking" Joy doll I ordered was labeled as a Talking Joy doll on the clear outer bag but it was just a plush stuffed doll.  It had glittery "hair" and an embroidered nose.  I noticed it had an official Disney label on the back of the dress, not a Tomy label anywhere so it was obviously not what I ordered.  I read some reviews that said others had received a plain plush Joy, no sounds included.  Strike One.  I ordered a second doll, hoping I would get the correct talking one this time.  The second one that arrived was by Tomy and it talks as advertised but its skin tone is the same yellow as the dress.  It looks weird.  Strike 2.  It also looks smaller than 14" but since it's sitting in a box, it's hard to measure.  I think it may be the correct product but that the manufacturer changed the fabric on this run and it is just odd looking.   Can't decide whether I'll keep either of them.  Caveat emptor.  You may not get what you think you're buying.
Not the same toy that's described!  This is a cute toy, but the description is wrong. It is only 6.5 inches, and there is no Disney patch on the foot. Definitely not what I expected. Sending it back!
It kinda okay  I hate it because its a fake
Quality  The doll quality was poor. The hair was knotted and matted.  Could not be fixed.  Arrived quickly but not happy with this purchase.
Way smaller than what I expected.
Too expensive  The elephant is great, but I want to buy more and they double the price. I will look somewhere else
Nothing special  It's not large.
For Pippi Longstock lovers  I got this toy free of charge thanks to e revolution ventures inc. Me personally I like the toy it brings some memories from my childhood Unfortunatelly for my boys it's to girly My 4 year old and 2.5 year old rather play with cars so they were not interested in it. I think that the doll is well made and cool for little girls they can change her clothing play with her hair and pretend to be a parent
Wrong expression...  Like another reviewer, I also got the "angry eyes" version instead of the normal one that I actually wanted. Still cute, but buyer beware.
quickly broke
I DO not recommend this product  The fur on this thing got everywhere and my child had it all in his mouth.  I DO not recommend this product!
The manufacturer was happy.  Not close to the happy image of "Lorax". In my opinion pricey for what you get.
Small  This pillow is about 6 inches tall. I ordered the watermelon also and it was giant . Disappointed.
Cute, but overpriced. The head doesn't hold on the neck - too big and heavy.
Cute, but doesn't work as intended  My daughter received the giraffe as a Christmas gift. Turning the key is supposed to make it play soothing music, but instead it makes the giraffe shake like it's seizing and the music all runs together and is unrecognizable. However, the toy itself is soft and cute, hence the two stars.
Dog easily breaks the sound mechanism  My dog easily breaks the noise maker in these toys.  I bought the smaller version and he can activate the noise but hasn't broken the mechanism
These toys are pretty cheaply made.  I think the size includes the arms extended.
NOT THE ADVERTISED SIZE!  This is NOT 12"!!! The product is advertised as 12", but it is only 9". If you look at other listings of stuffed goats by Wishpets (there's a gray one and an all-brown one), they say 9" for their descriptions. I ordered this one since it was supposed to be larger.... But NOPE. This is being advertised falsely. Pretty irritating. :-(
Didn't work  I know others had given bad reviews,  but I ordered anyway.  Doesn't talk and is going back .  Too late for another for grandson's Christmas gift
Black Yoshi has had multiple surgeries now . . .  The product was received as described and very quickly.  However my son found a open seam a day or two after receiving and required some stitching.  Then about 2 months later, Black Yoshi has to have "brain surgery" as another seam had popped.
Way to expensive  Compared to the other Microbes this was was way to expensive plus the ends of the string was coming off. I had to buy it for a project but it was just a waste of money
too small and not worth the cost
Dissapointed  It didn't meet expectation, it says 15" but thats imcluding the long legs in reality is like 1" for the body and 14" for the legs, horrible!  I was expecting like size of my arms at least but is size of my hands and i have tiny hands.
Recieved a different plush from the picture.
I got a fake item instead of the one listed. Don't buy.  I purchased this from a third party seller called "sweeter", and I received a fake item. It was a different color, and it was loosely stuffed. The face was extremely wide compared to the picture that was shown in the description. It did not come in a box as shown, and as soon as I saw the item I received, I knew it was fake. Not happy. I should have gotten an officially licensed item, but I didn't. I kept it because it's kind of cute and has fairly soft fabric. I included a picture of the item I got, compared to the item in the description. Would not buy again unless I could get the actual official item.
Ok for a gag, not for a toy  Great idea, and fun while it lasted, but my 7 year old son was only able to use it about 5 minutes before the hoof tore off.
Looks alot different in person than it does on here
Toy is loud, makes a weird noise, and it wakes my kids up at night!  I've seen several reviews that say it does not go off at night, but most of them had not taken the toy out of the package yet.  Once you remove the toy from the package, and take it out of try me mode by removing the plastic piece, it is so loud, and it goes off all the time.  If your child sleeps with it, even if it's not near them, if the bed even slightly rattles or move as they stir in their sleep, it will start making this weird moaning noise.  I have no idea what's up with that.  I agree with those who have posted - what kind of toy comes with no on/off switch?  We have the Scare Pal Art and Scare Pal Mike as well, and those go off on their own as well, but not as bad as the Sulley.  It is a cuddly toy, and if your child loves Sulley, they won't want to be separated from it, but you will want to be after it goes off making scary ghost noises through your nursery monitor a few times.  This toy is great for kids, but bad for adults who want to sleep through the night.
Good size & well-made, but missing important details.  I could have given it 5 star if all they didn't missed out a few details. The saddleback (grey colored) patch behind the dorsal fin is missing.  I am also disappointed to find that the flippers are too small.  Also, the underside of the flippers should be all black not white. The tail is nice, but could be better.  On the other hand, it feels like it is made of quality materials, but it's a shame that the company missed those important detail.
Boring - returned.  Boring! Said 2 things.. 1st half of a song and then the second half of the same song. I thought it was still on demo but had turned the switch and all so idk.
Just terrible. Not only did it arrive a few days late but the face is disfigured. My daughter was looking forward to this plush. Very disappointed.
Super cheap scatchy material, and the seams were coming undone. Not impressed for the money.
DO  NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS.  This has to be worst thing I've ever purchased Amazon. I bought this for my one year olds birthday. It's supposed to be waterproof, it's not. After two uses it is now rusting and will not work. It was not caused by user error  when we put the batteries in it we made sure that it was put back together properly. Don't waste your money on this.
The cow that couldn't fly  The fiingshot cow was too fat to fly. It was a dud for the kids, and they finally gave up on it. Last year we got the monkey and it was great. Chicken worked too
Too small
horrible sound  The sound is horrible. Baby girl won't even touch it...
Ripoff - It's not what they say it is.  The first part of the description states that this product stands 18" to 21" tall. It also states it comes with a wooden display stand. Neither are true. The second part of the description lists the products dimensions: 6.5" by 6". These are correct. And of course, no display stand was to be seen anywhere. Beware: The item I received did NOT have the yellow accents as shown, and the overall design was simpler and less detailed. Because of the price I will not attempt to return this, rather I'll have to take a loss and chalk it up to a lesson learned.
DONT BUY THIS ONE  Took just under a month to get here, tracking still says it hasn't arrived, and it has. Weird Thank you card with clip art included...technically yes it is standing, but you have to set it just right for it to stay standing. Mines seams are not ripped but there is extra string hanging off the eye, don't know how they missed that. It doesnt face forwards, looks more like its looking at the ground off to the side; in fact the entire head is very off. The ears aren't in line, the whole face is lopsided, like one eye lines up with the mouth and the nose is way up between the eyebrows.it just looks so, derpy. Like a factory reject. Just look at the photos. The glove is a normal adult size glove.
Disfigured  The plush is cute, but it isn't proportioned well. It falls over sitting straight up. Cute- but not really as pictured.
Not a picture of the one u get  The monkey you see here is not the one you get. You get a newer  model. It is not pictured and is not as nice. The batteries are very hard to replace. I was disappointed as I have the older model and wanted another the same for my granddaughter.
These stuffed animals are poorly made fell apart in a day.
4 bonnies?  U get 4 bonnies. They look different and I thought they were different characters but nope, my son has 4 bonnies now. :/
Not what I ordered!!!!!  Very disappointed it was not the one in picture! Can't replace batteries! To much money for wrong item! Plus didn't make it for Christmas took over 2 weeks to get it!
Did not work  I was very excited to try out the toy and sadly realize it did not. So I was hoping that it was just a battery issue. I did go out & get new batteries. The new set of batteries did work. I just fell it was pretty ridiculous that I had to go out & get new batteries for a brand new toy.
Read BEFORE purchasing  FALSE ADVERTISEMENT: this character does NOT talk as the discription states it does. I wish I had read the other reviews before I purchased as I want a talking one like all the other characters. Very disappointed...sent back for a refund.
Miss Piggys hair falls out I'm sending her back.
not what I expected...  I purchased this toy this Christmas...It is approx. 4 inches tall, 7 inches long...tiny and for the cost not worth it for a simple stuffed animal in the shape of a pig.  My family also makes fun of the doll for its funny piggy bank plug on its belly.  It is a deep Christmas regret...My recommendation is to keep looking
tiny, not real buttons  Got this for my 2 year old who is a big Pete the cat fan and likes his "Groovy Buttons" book especially. Very cheap quality. The "buttons" are felt circles and sewn to the shirt, which opens by a velcro strip.  Only one of them comes off, also by velcro. My 2 year old, who is learning to button, was dissapointed by the fake buttons and velcro.
Way too small  Shouldve checked the size didn't think it would be this small for 12 dollars
Don't buy.  Too small.  Way too small for the price!
THIS IS NOT A TALKING YODA AS ADVERTISED!  It is only a stuffed toy.
OVER PRICED  WAY OVER PRICE - THIS PRODUCT IS SOLD IN NUMEROUS STORES FOR UNDER 15
This is not an authentic Disney toy!! There is no embroidered  patch!
Give me the wrong one. Too bad. Too small.  Give me the wrong one of monkey. Too bad.  The blanket is too small. I believe that it is not suitable for my son of 7 months.  I will not buy it again.
Not as pictured but child decided it was okay, just okay  The Eevee we received did not, in our opinion, look like the picture.  It does have a tag that says it is an official pokemon plush but it is not nearly as cute as the picture.  The face shape and eyes are strange.  We tried three times and got the same one each time.  We ended up keeping one of them but wish it looked more like the picture.  Eevee is supposed to be cuter than the plush we have.
Cute elephant  Love the elephant. I bought over 20 of these bc I personalize them for gift. They were really cute and soft perfect  for $7. Now the price is doubled on I will look else where.
Useless and no software support since company web site got hacked  beware you can't personalize this , there main web site got hacked and all software removed and banned And I tried to google it nothing out there careful , consider buying this if you just want to drop battries and keep it working without personalize
Meh.... it was ok
Not worth the time or money  These things are NOT 7 inches. Maybe stacked on top of each other they are. Not worth returning it since it took almost 3 months to get. Save ur money. I posted a pic of one of them. The other is the exact same size.
Horrible experience.
I received the wrong product
GLOWORM changed its music recording so BE CAREFUL when buying a replacement  My 1 year old grand daughter carries her GLOWoRM with her everyday .... so i decided to get a backup in case some unforeseen incident occured that would not let her be soothed by it.  The GLOWORM that I recvd was not the same as hers.  The music was not the same so therefore, she won't use it.
Really cheap made  Really really cheap made its not even 10" toll soon I open them hair start falling not good
It does not look as the one in the shop and it is not as soft.
Bootleg  It's clearly bootleg. The skull is very, very gray rather than bone white. I could kind of tell that it was going to be a little gray from the picture, but I hoped that it was just a trick of the light or that it would be a light gray like what the picture showed. But alas, it was more like the skull was supposed to be stone rather than bone. I have no problem with bootleg merchandise for a plush that the franchise doesn't make itself, but it needs to at least LOOK like what the pokemon should be. the only reason it is not getting one star is that the stitching was excellent, and I did know it was going to be a little gray when I got it so I kinda had it coming.
Disappointed that the face was all crooked and not sew in aligned
Disappointed!  I was so disappointed when I received the doll. It was in a plastic bag not cushioned at all so the hat was bent. No point in removing the hat there is no hair under it.  The dolls face is very cute but I would not recommend purchasing it.
Not recommended  Sorry I purchased it  Very small for the price and not made well and the fur was not nice at all.
It's very expensive and very small I thought it was  The  Big one
However the box that it came in was in terrible shape wholes in the side  The doll was everything I wanted. However the box that it came in was in terrible shape wholes in the side, tape not fully attached.
anorexic pikachu  My son was so excited to get his pikachu plush, but pikachu doesn't look like pikachu.  It does not have the round face!  It looked like a goat. Will be returning this item
Like 6" and 7"  They are cute. But too small. Like 6" and 7" . They are a keychain plush toy.
Price doubled in a week!!!  This elephant is perfect! But i just bought some last week for half the price and they were such a big hit i wrnt to order more and the price went up drastically. What? This is not good for business. Ill be buying another one.
Poor quality, not worth the cost.
did not work  On Christmas morning we inserted the batteries and it did not work.:o( This was a big disappointment to my grandson.
Sticky buy  The doll itself is cute, but her hair was matted with glue on the top of her scalp. The hair is stiff. When my daughter tried to gather her hair into a ponytail it started to get white flakes all over the top of her head, like she has extreme dandruff.
Derpy Eyes  I was super exited when i got this in the mail only to find out that it was defective and had derpy looking eyes. I wouldn't mind if it was a little off but its such a big difference that it looks like the face is drooping to one side and it bothers me every time I look at it. On the plus side, shipping was very fast, it came in about a week.
My child was very disappointed to find that this toy is a knock off  My child was very disappointed to find that this toy is a knock off.  The feet are hot glued on, poor quality.
Annoying sound when it worked.  When I first purchased it his voice was very high pitched and screeching.  Only one arm worked. Soon thereafter he only would utter a short noise.  He was a Christmas gift and got lost in the shuffle, otherwise I would have returned it for a refund.
And I still gave it to my boyfriend don't know if he was being nice but he said he liked it  I got this for a gift for my boyfriend it was very stiff hard to move. Thought it would've been bigger but it was delivered quickly and before scheduled. And I still gave it to my boyfriend don't know if he was being nice but he said he liked it.
Complete scam  It's false advertising. The one I received looks nothing like the picture, clearly a low quality knock off. Now I get the hassle of returning it. Don't buy from ToyFactory.
Should have looked at the product in greater details.
Dissapointing, don't buy!  Batteries not functioning, would not buy again, child dissappointed!
Very disappointed  Very disappointing purchase. Very expensive for what it was and the voice part didn`t work at all, there was something rattling in the eye, but I couldn`t get it back off my grandson to send it back for a refund.  Will not use this supplier again. Not worth the money.  Maggimoon
The doll itself seems to be pretty nice looking  The doll itself seems to be pretty nice looking. However, my particular one was jammed into an envelope and arrived deformed with signs of distress on the seams. Given that it was a gift for someone else, I felt embarrassed to hand it off as it was, so I needed to fix it with some home sewing.
The Easter Bunny brought my 8 year old son the Ender Dragon today for Easter. After playing with him gently (he's not rough with his toys) for a couple of hours he came to me upset that the dragon's wing was detaching from the body. For $39.99 I guess I expected a little more wear out of the dragon.
Wrong froakie  I received the wrong froakie terrible
WORSE EVER  Its way smaller then I read and it looks nothing like the pictures I am seriously disappointed DO NOT BUY
I have had NO luck with this one!  Although I did not purchase the Olaf through Amazon, I did so at Walmart.  I had purchased one weeks prior for a birthday gift.  I noticed that the batteries had died, so I ran to the store (right before her birthday party!) and put in the appropriate Duracells....no luck!  I called Walmart, they had ONE left!  I raced there, exchanged them, and made sure it worked.  After only ONE day, the Olaf will not stop dancing with his eyes closed.  He is stuck doing this!  I even removed the batteries, hoping to reset him somehow...nope!  SoOOO mad!  This is the Second one in 3 days!  Going tomorrow to return, and letting her pick out a new toy.  She was so upset, because she LOVES Olaf, but not taking anymore chances.  I hope your Olaf fairs better than ours has!
A lot smaller then I wanted
Sad face  I'm honestly disappointed, not Really worth the price in my opinion. The sideview is much cuter than looking at it head on and it's smaller than I thought.
No  Empty open bag delivered!
Not weighted  It's cute but it's not weighted like you would need for sensory.beanie babies that are 1/3 the size weigh more than this.i regret purchasing.
The doll is very cute but very, very small
Very disappointed. I want my money back  Complete junk. With in hours of opening this up, the seams ripped along the neck. The tail ripped the Gills are sewn done. This was my Dughters Birthday present and all day she was sewing it up. Very disappointed. I want my money back.
I did not receive the doll in the photo. The doll pictured has yarn hair. The one I received does not. It looks a little odd. Maybe not a big deal to some, but I bought this doll to replace a lost one so I was hoping to replace my daughter's doll with something identical. I just wish I knew what I was buying.
Seems cheap  THis is not the type of product you will find at Toys r us.  Materials are not the quality as others.
Misleading picture  This plush does NOT look like the toy in the picture, the one in the picture is smiling, stuffed, and good quality.  When i received mine in was just a poor quality looking bean bag toy and WAY overpriced.  I encourage you to NOT buy this toy.
bad quality  It just work for a weak
Poorly made can't see the eyes. Not as shown in picture
ITS A RATTLE  HIS HEAD RATTLES!!!! If I wanted a rattle for my child's organic stuffed animal I would have purchased a rattle. This is ridiculous that this description is NO WHERE on Amazon OR the product web site. Incredibly disappointed and my older son is too.
Item is made with products that are known to cause cancer!!  Wish I could give this review zero stars. I went to wrap this gift I was planning on giving to someone for Christmas and saw there was a tag enclosed that stated the toy is made with a product that is known to cause cancer!! Why would anyone make a toy that is known to cause cancer??!! I am very disappointed and now can not even return the item so am out the money since I refuse to give this as a gift.
Disappointing  The picture is really deceiving!! I was expecting them to be much larger than they were! It was very disappointing!
VERY VERY VERY SMALL FOR THE SIZE SAID AND SEARCHED.
Disappointing for the cost  Volume in very low. Hard to hear him when you make him speak. He is priced to high for what you get. Of I had seen him in a store I would not have purchased him.
voice  the singing is really slow and low. Not very friendly dinosaur since its barely playing or shall I say singing
Cheap Imitation  These are a cheap imitation of the real scrat and are not worth the price.  No stars
Cheap in all aspects  bought for my 1 year old granddaughter. Was smaller than expected and after using it for 10 minutes the sound went distorted to the point it doesn't sound like a sheep anymore.
Very small and it does not shut off
Very disappointed. I got the 8" Squirtle from the same company and loved it, but by comparison this is garbage. It is small (the head is 3", the bulb on the back isn't even a full 5"), and the stitching is sloppy. I think the picture is one of the larger versions, which is misleading.  I'd maybe pay $5-$10, but feel cheated by the $18 I paid (and there's no way I'd pay the $38.99 regular price).
Horrible!!  It was a HUGE rip off!! Even in this picture, it shows that I was supposed to receive 3 Angry Birds dog toys. I got only 1 with no packing slip to call or report the problem.
No tags and 1 was dirty..  I bought 2 after reading the reviews on this listing and no one posted that these were fake so I took a chance and yup received 2 NOT authentic plushes. No tags and 1 was dirty ... stick to disney direct for authentic items
its terrible  looks like something my dog beat up
disappointed  My son was extremely excited to get this, as he is a huge fan of bowser and bowser jr. But he was crushed when we got it and there was a hole with stuffing coming out of it straight out of the box. I paid $21.69 which was more than I wanted to spend by a long shot... If it had been $5 I probably would have just sown it up but at $21 I should NOT have to repair a brand new toy that he hasn't even played with WTF. My advise is to research who you are buying from and check out they're reviews.
The Lufsig it self was okay, but it is disappointing that the grandma was missing.
Poorly sewn, fabric has a hole in it and materials are coming unglued. I am going in circles with the seller on the return!
JUNK !  Plush is a POS not as described and picture used is NOT what you will be getting. Had a string and suction cup attached to the toy.
It is soft. It's tail isn't attached.  Plush came in with tail detached. It was in the package but I can't find the right colored thread to put them together.
WRONG ITEM DESCRIPTION - NOT 9" IT'S A HUGE 12"  This is not a 9" Plush Baby Aquaman - he is 12".  I purchased this with the 9" Green Lantern, 9"Flash, 9"Superman, - Aquaman is huge compared to the other's - WRONG ITEM DESCRIPTION!  Sad - gonna have to return it. It's huge! Not what I was expecting.
Avoid this Charmander  The eyes are lopsided and the nose? The nostrils are stitched in two completely different places. I'm not sure how they managed to mess that up. Also, the tail doesn't look anything like a Charmander's. I'd send it back if it didn't come from overseas.
Don't Buy This!  My son loves the book "How Rocket Learned to Read" so much that he asked for a Rocket themed birthday party. When I saw that a plush Rocket dog was being released I knew we just had to get one. Boy was I surprised when this arrived in the mail. Instead of being a soft cuddly toy for my little boy I received a dog with stiff, crusty, PAINTED ON, black spots! Only the very surface of the spots are black, and there are even some marks where the paint was smeared!!! The fur on the tail looks like in was dipped in paint and is as stiff as a board. I've never seen anything like it! Hopefully there are some of these being made that actually have soft black fur spots like a normal stuffed animal rather than globs of black paint as spots, but I couldn't help but share my experience so that others might be aware.
not nice.  cheaply made, not the real thing, wrote seller, he or she never replied, not nice.
Not as advertised  This is very misleading.  Not the original Pokmon XY release. But a current remake.  Buyer beware. If you are buying because of the collectibility of the Pokmon XY release keep searching.  I would send it back and ask for my money back but it is a holiday present and I don't have time.
Smaller and less detailed than expected  I have to agree with Christine's review that this Zekrom plush is much smaller than described - I would estimate it at 5.5 inches tall rather than 8 inches.  It also isn't as detailed as I was hoping: the eyes are an adhesive decoration rather than embroidered like the Pokecenter plush toys, and the wings are a single layer of felt, very sloppy looking.  The Banpresto tag looks authentic, so I guess their plushies are just poorer quality than the Pokecenter ones that make up the rest of my collection.  Overall I wouldn't recommend this to collectors, nor would I particularly recommend to people buying for their children as the toy seems very flimsy and doesn't look up to the task of being played with.  Stick with the Pokecenter editions, I guess.
Cheap dog toy quality!!!  Total ripoff!!!! This frog should have cost $5 NOT 42 bucks!!! Its not even soft! And the chocolate smell is weak and terrible! It is the quality of a cheap dog toy. I never write bad reviews, in fact, this is the first bad review I have ever written....ever!
Very small.  Was 13 dollars one day and less than $6 Two days later.  If you can get it for the lower price it's worth it.  I only bought because my grandson was at the house.
Disappointed  It doesn't work.  It just moves up N down it doesn't repeat what you say.
Mine came with closed mouth...'different from advertised...
The leg ripped within 1 hour of play.
Neck ripped off within 10 minutes of soft play by my son, looked like it was quality made but upon looking neckline has one cross stitch across the entire neck, needs more support than that
Grandchild very disappointed. Now we have to return item  Does not work. Changed batteries still not working. What happen to quality control? Grandchild very disappointed. Now we have to return item...what a hassle.
it ripped......
Like a few other reviews have mentioned  Like a few other reviews have mentioned. This little guy was cute, but his face was really crooked because they didn't stitch him together right.
Doesnt stand up.. Stitching already coming apart... Thumbs down..
disapointed  at first this was advertised as the hugable elmo and it said it was about 10 inches tall  when it arrived at my house it was the snuggable elmo a very small one not the one that was advertised wrongly advertised amazon
What??  My sister sent this to our 4 year old son as a recovery present when he had his tonsils and adenoids out recently. He is obsessed with Star Wars and particularily Darth Vader and the stormtroopers. This is an 8" little doll that I would expect to pay $7-$8 max for. When she saw it on FaceTime she was shocked at how small it was. When I found out how much she paid for it, I was the one who was shocked. Perhaps this is some collectible or such, but this is definitely not worth the money for a kid. Wary of the reviews here. only 5?
Tiny but cute  Definitely smaller than I expected. I did read the dimensions before purchasing but didn't really realize how tiny it was. The color is also lighter/duller than I expected/what the first photo they have. It is cute though! Definitely reminds me of my doodle.  Took pictures-next to a chapstick for comparison !
Yoshi does not match the item picture. The Yoshi I received is different and cheap. I think returning Yoshi would be difficult since it comes from China. Shipping took forever.
Monsters University NOT Monsters INC  Wrong item in package. Label on bag says Monsters INC, item in bag is a Monsters University Sully. No teeth, and it doesn't sit. Buyer beware.
I mean, it's not high quality...  I'm disappointed is all I can really say. After it taking so long to get to me, a friend of mine purchased one at a store called "Too Cool" at the Orland Mall. The sad part about buying gifts overseas is that while it may take a month and a half to get to you, they ship super fast so you can't cancel your order.  When I received it I can't say I was surprised at how low quality it was compared to the one I got from the store. Side by side this one was wider, and not in the 'it got squished' wide, as it Blastoise was kind of a thick Pokemon which okay yeah I can get that, but that's still not what I wanted. Blastoise's mouth part was wavy like a child attempting to draw a straight line... everything just seemed off compared to the one I received from the store.  But I guess you probably won't notice these differences unless you purchase a better quality version, who knows, you may actually end up liking this. Obviously unless you're one of those hardcore poke fans like myself, you won't be bothered with the changes and quality and you'll enjoy it all the same.  But to me, now that I have a better version, I don't even wanna deal with returning this, and I might just give this away to someone... who lives far.
Not as expected  The product doesn't look like it's shown in the picture, Much smaller limbs and head, antenna aren't as I expected.
waste of money!  Doll is super small, distorted looking, sound is so faint I didn't even think it worked. This toy is not worth more then 5.00! Super cheaply made.
Way over priced  This dog is small....really, really small.  For almost $15.00, it's way over priced.
This item cost to much for the the way it look. Could have received a book book for the price
Not as Pictured  Although the toy is well made, it is not the toy pictured.  The toy pictured is Mangle, and the toy I received was Funtime foxy.  I would never have  known the difference, but my five year old sure did.  He specifically picked it out by the picture, and was very disappointed.  If you are thinking about buying make sure you got by the item description and not the image.
Don't waste your money  My daughteris absolutely obsessed with cookie monster . Got this for her put fresh batteriesin it andcan barely hear him it . Terrible she doesn't touch it and I wasted money I didn't have to waste on Christmas.
Defective both times I ordered it  This item was defective so I requesreted a replacement item and the replacement was also defective. Would have been cool if it actually worked.
Check the dimensions! It's small  So tiny and for that price? I'd send it back but it's getting close to Christmas and I don't care to go out for one extra gift! Kind of disappointed.
Piece of Junk  My 15 month old daughter loves Elmo and when her grandmother gave this to her for Christmas we thought it would be a big hit. However, it was immediately clear that this is not the cuddly toy it is marketed as. The eyeballs are very hard, the battery pack and internal robot parts have sharp corners and little padding, and frankly the thing is creepy. It was also heavier than expected and my daughter can't really pick it up on her own.  The worst part of all is that it broke within less than 12 hours of taking it out of the box. Like many others who have commented here, our Elmo just repeats "Ahem, you're hugging me too hard" or whatever which I agree is a bizarre thing for a toy to repeat over and over. Squeezing the foot, swinging it around, banging it, etc has no effect.  I think my daughter would be a lot happier with a plain, plush Elmo that she can carry around and cuddle with. Don't buy this toy unless you're willing to accept that it most likely won't work properly and may give you the willies.
waste of money  I bought this for my 4 year old. His review he loved it but he loves anything zelda. My opinion for the price it was a rip off. The plush is no bigger than my palm. Total rip off!!
Not to im pressed really dissaponting  Well it doesn't sing no mater what I do ... Kinda disappointed I got it to  gift and it  Took a long time go get to MI, but I guess because it's from China.
Elmo no show  I have no idea how amazeballs this toy is since I ordered it a week ago and it never showed up. I had this awesome vision of my child waking up on Christmas morning and being blown away by hug me elmo but you ruined it amazon. I should've bought it at the store.
Wasted money  Product looks great, but doesn't work.  When we first received it out of the box it worked as described.  However, a couple of days later when we brought it out to show some friends, it wouldn't talk.  Seems like we got the old Knight before the improvements were made.  Not to mention the delivery time took about a week longer than described.  Oh well...
This was not as described. It was not plush, but a felt material, it was very small, only 7 inches, and came with a mark on it. Amazon refunded me thankfully.
Cute to have but not to use.  It is indeed cute but not practical. It's filled with so much stuffing that you can only put rolled up bills inside and that's all. It can hold maybe a dollars worth of coins at the most. So in the end, cute to have but not to use..
Battery worked for less than one month!  My son loves Elmo. Imagine how thrilled he was to see this peeking out of his St. Nick stocking. He has been playing with Elmo less than a month and already the pre-installed battery is dead. As other reviewers have mentioned, the battery cannot be replaced. The toy is not overly snuggly due to the hard, plastic box inside. Since the battery doesn't last, I would recommend just purchasing an Elmo plush.
Do not buy this..  I got my plush on the 9 th and I was not very happy with the results of what I got. The stitching on the face is horrible,and quite visible and easy to see. It's Head is messed up too,not even,nor is it a circular shape like its suppose to be. Hand tag has the Pikachu on it,so i no it's a fake pokedoll and factory reject. Best to buy an official else where.. Very disappointed!!:(
I am very disappointed with the plush that I received  I am very disappointed with the plush that I received. It doesn't match the photo. It is clearly a counterfeit plush which they were not advertising. It's poorly made and rather dopey looking. Now I understand why it was only $3 at the time. I can't believe they raised the price on it now. If you're looking for a good quality Eevee for your collection do not buy this.
It was like a regular teddy  Not jumbo at all.. I was expecting this to be a lot bigger. It was like a regular teddy bear
It's Tiny!!   This was described as a large huggable doll and what arrived is under 8 inches tall. For nearly $25, I expected a much larger toy. My daughter will not be satisfied with this. How do I return it?
Cute, but not $25 of cuteness, it comes taped in a plastic bag. It is one of the Disney stores barrel of stuffed animals style.
Disappointed  I purchased for my grand-daughter but was disappointed with the quality,  I wouldn't buy again.
Not very well made  This product is very cute and my son loves it but a few minutes after playing with it the strings and stuffing already started coming out of him all over. I have a feeling he will not last long. Very disappointed.
I wouldn't buy this if I were you...  This product is not made well and it's not cute and fluffy like the picture. There was glue all over it and it had a big tear under the arm which will likely fall off. The seller offerred to give me a refund, but this was a gift from Santa, so unfortunately I couldn't return it. My daughter has not touched it since Christmas because it's a crappy and almost creepy replica of Gizmo. Very disappointed.
Not a puppet
Pretty short for a long snake.  Not as described. It is shorter than 48". I returned.
Faulty Noise Makers  With in 2 days of purchasing the zombie, sunflower, and pea shooter, the internal noise boxes stopped working properly. I want to send them back but, I feel like it isn't worth the hassle just to get more faulty toys.
Fake!  The Cookie Monster I received is a fake Not as pictured and not the same as our other Sesame Street Gund toys
Ridiculous pricing.  $250 for a little plushy? Makes me never want to buy anything from this brand again
Doesn't last  My boy loved this!  But, he has only used it a month and it already doesn't work.  I changed out the batteries and I can't get it to work again.  It was great while it lasted, but I expected it to last longer than a month.
product didn't work  sucked the item didn't work when i recieved it so therefore was not a very good christmas present at all!!
Not as I expected  The color on the rabbit's stomach isn't the same color as the rest of the animal and I didn't like that color at all.  The jacket doesn't come off either and I expected it would.  I returned it because of the color on the stomach
Very disappointed.  First pony that was delivered did not work.  Second one that was delivered was the wrong color and had not cover to the battery pack.  Very disappointed.
Phone Charm  It's cute, so it's hard to give it low stars just for that fact, hah. But I give it low because it's really fragile. Mine broke fast. You could probably put it back together with something stronger maybe because the little Squall himself is fine and adorable.
go with another brand "smart" plush toy  I bought this toy for a baby who's older brother has Scout the smart dog from Leapfrog. Not wanting two of the same I purchased Vtech's version "Cody" instead. Big mistake!  Apparently the same week I ordered this toy, the company was cyber attacked which caused them to shutdown the software you need to use the full functions of this toy. It has been a month and I've already spoken with V-tech support about the issue and they do not know when or if it will ever be fixed. Huge waste of money but even bigger  disappointment to the poor child who received a defective toy. A month is long enough for a multi million dollar company to correct a plush bear ( I still don't understand how a bear can get hacked, but oh well) vtech has the customer's money and they don't seem to care now. I wish I could return it. I would buy the Leap Frog or Fisher Price version instead.
Previously rated.
The photo is deceptive - this Elmo has hard plastic eyes, so NOT appropriate for a very small child.
I was disappointed.  Cute but smaller than expected.  It is not as fluffy as the picture.  I was disappointed.
CHEAP CHINA CRAP  My kids all requested a Yoshi toy this Christmas.  Having 4 kids, they all chose a color of their own and we shopped accordingly.  We now own pink, green, purple and blue Yoshi's.  This purple Yoshi is the only one that is ugly and cheap and made in China.  The tag's on the thing are even all written in Chinese.  The quality of it is comparable to the junk you would get out of a claw machine for a quarter and some luck.  I now have an upset little girl.  Yes, even she knows this thing is crap.  Stay away from this purple Yoshi.  We'll be looking for a new and better one, this just won't do.
Small  Very disappointed when I received this item. The description that it is a Minnie Mouse Snuggle Blankey but it's the size of a pot holder for your kitchen. The blanket is more for a baby doll not an infant. It fits in the palm of your hand. e
Knock off?  The one i received doesn't look like the picture. I agree with the earlier poster that said the face of the doll is not cute. She looks possessed, with a super big mouth and weird eyes. I really think the one I received could be a knock off rather than a real one from Disney. It also arrived crumpled in a plastic grocery bag.
never buy this plush its TERRIBLE. :(
Was NOT what was pictured  The toy I received was not the same one pictured. I was sent a plush of Funtime Foxy from the sister location games, not the Toy Foxy plushie pictured. Extremely disappointed
Nose is glued on..  Soft and cute. But the nose is only glued on. What a choking hazard!!!
Not impressed  My son got cookie monster for his bday he recieved elmo last year for xmas I was not at all impressed with either of them and he could care less about either of them.  Overall as a collectors peice Elmo was okay  but to just buy and play I would hvae never purchased it personnaly
Overpriced and kind of small. Its about the size of a palm. Made in China (as shown in photo). Not sure why they seller claims its a Japanese import.
poor quality, threads frayed and sticking out  Too small, poor quality, threads frayed and sticking out, product came stained.  Just learned that Amazon screens and refuses to post reviews (i.e. complaints of seller also included in product review), a little disturbed by that. Changes my view of what amazon is about.
Furby didn't work  We had to return it for another because it didn't work! We are hoping the new one will work! Thanks
It's too small and too pricey!
Picture misleading  The picture is misleading. I wouldn't have ordered this one if I knew her hair was this neon color. My daughter has a blonde and purple one she loves and is getting worn so I wanted to get a replacement. Disappointed.
Disappointed.  This is not 11 inches tall. Actual measurement is 8 inches tall. Music box in him is very garbled...sounds like it's underwater. My 4 year old was heartbroken.
disappointed  My son had saved up his money to buy this.  We picked this one because the price was lower than the other ones.  He had it for about a week and it is already getting those little lint balls all over.  My son was taking taking it back from his brother and the Yoshie stomach ripped open. So not only did I have to sew that, I found more ripped spots.  Not impressed with this toy.
Disappointed  Opened this up for my 4 year and the tail fell off but he still plays with him
I purchased this for my nephew. It came in with the stitching along the back partly undone. The tail hides some of the holes so I don't think he'll notice and I will purchase yellow thread to sew it up when he's playing with something else. He is so looking forward to this I just don't have the time to send it back.
not what you think  Looks nothing like what is pictured. Very unsatisfied
Really?  Seriously? 35 $ for this tiny toy? Too ridiculous))
Shame On You!  What a pitiful piece of trash!!  The doll is barely 7" tall and very cheaply made.  My fault all the way around, as I didn't read all the reviews---only that first glowing one. Also didn't notice that it shipped from China.  Agree that returning this is out of the question.  This is my first negative experience with Amazon.
Very disappointed customer.  I would have given it no stars if I could.  This has ruined our Christmas. Thanks.  Just received this toy for my son day before Christmas Eve. I decided to open the gift to make sure it worked and I'm glad i did.  The toy did not work so I decided to check the batteries and apparently the batteries that were shipped inside the toy leaked acid all in the compartment and I guess caused sully to not work. Pretty screwed up considering this was a very important gift for our son for Christmas but now I will be scrambling on Christmas Eve to try and find another toy to replace it considering I can't exactly send it back and have another one by tomorrow.
Too small  I thought it would be much bigger. When my grandson received it, it was much smaller than both of us expected.
Olaf stuff animal  I am not pleased with this at all, quality for the price is not worth it.  I expected way better quality for the cost.  I would not recommend this to anyone.
Cheap Pokemon Eevee, you get what you pay for.  Had it for one week and its already coming apart at the seams and having to sew it two times.
Love these elephants but seriously double the price now  Love these elephants but seriously double the price now?! Wow!  Looks like I'll be one of the many who are shopping elsewhere.
doesnt work  i received this and it wouldnt work
Not a Disney peoduxt  This is not a disney product. It comes from China. I reorder a Disney product which is much nicer
Unhappy buyer  Color was faded and it lacked the luster in the material. It appeared used and worn, regardless of new tags attached.
False advertising.  This item is no where near the advertised size. Including the tail, it barely reaches 11 inches.
The whining sound of rotation is terrible and overpowers the singing  The whining sound of rotation is terrible and overpowers the singing. Minnie will not sit up due to lack of stuffing in legs.  Even my granddaughter mentioned the noise. It does look like Minnie but that does not out weigh the defects. Not worth $15 let alone what I paid. Very disappointed customer.  Will be returning for refund.  Granddaughter is sad about sending it back which really bad.  Would not recommend vendor "Just Play"
SUPER TINY  the doll in the picture looks huge next to what you revive its the size of my palm , this could be nice for a small toddler because it is easy to hold but not worth the price
Furby Boom is a Bust  *difficulties linking to android app- usually does not recognize * drains batteries quickly *not worth the price tag, does the same as older models that do not have virtual capabilities *Poor range from Furby to device - Save yourself the money and just play with the app without including the actual Furby Boom
Waluigi Plush  My son hated this product.  He said it looks ugly and cheap. The legs are ridiculous.  The plush looks like it was made by a child in Arts & Craft.
Cheap, straight from china
Not worth the money  This was a huge disappointment. When you press the button for it to play it only plays for 3 seconds before shutting off. I tried putting brand new batteries in when we first got it, thinking that might be the problem. It wasn't. Needless to say my kids were very disappointed. A big waste of money.
a wrapper that was so tightly bound around him that when I opened it up I was hugely disappointed at how deformed he was  I don't know who decided how to ship this me, but they should be fired.  I had already gotten a Kyogre plush at a convention a while ago and wanted a Groudon to go with him, this is not what I was hoping for.  When he got here I was astonished to see this tiny aluminum-type wrapper, not a box mind you, a wrapper that was so tightly bound around him that when I opened it up I was hugely disappointed at how deformed he was.  His head crests were bent over and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't get them in the proper upright positions, his right arm was bent as though he'd broken it at the elbow, and the spikes on the end of his tail were pressed off to the side.  So needless to say, I would not recommend purchasing this guy online unless you can request/specify you want him shipped in a box so that he doesn't show up at your door looking like he went through some sort press machine.
Super small  Wow the size of my hand.. For $10.00. Returned it.
Disappointed  I just received this Cat in the Hat item and it is not the same item pictured. This is a Christmas present for my nephew therefore I find myself in a bind. The actual toy sent is thin, his head looks off to the side and overall he looks disheveled due to the material the toy was made from. I am very disappointed that the seller did not picture the actual item. Not a good business tactic. Hope this review helps others in making an informed decision on this purchase.
Not worth the money and one was already broken when I received it. Very small toy!
I don't remember this
Stop talking the 1st day.
Came Ripped.  My son absolutely loves this show and was excited when i bought Eddy and two other characters to complete the collection( the two other characters i bought from a different distributor) Today Eddy came. He is adorable in all aspects except for the rip right above his nose! He was well wrapped and so the packaging was not damaged. SO THEY SHIPPED HIM KNOWING HE HAD A RIP ON HIS FACE. the stuffing is coming out of it and my son is terribly upset. Do not buy from this distributor as they have no problem shipping ruined merchandise to its customers. I would fix his nose but it is ripped right at the plastic of his nose along the edges and there is no way to sow it back! WILL NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.
Thieves  Thieves I ordered the stuff toy with the captain barnacles sit and balloons . I did  not receive the stuff toy ... I received only the Barcnical suit and the balloons but not stuff toy !!!
Poor Stitch is handicapped  One of Stitch's ears was bend in a weird way and it won't straighten out. Poor Stitch  is handicapped!
Horrible product. Very disappointing.  I am very unhappy with this product. I bought it for my son's 7th birthday but it smells of mildew and mold. There is no new tag on it and the stitching is absolutely horrible. It does not look the same as the one from ToysRUs. I got this trying to save a few dollars but I would have rathered spent a few extra dollars to ensure a decent product after seeing and smelling this product. I can't even fathom how someone would even sell this thing to someone. It smells like it has been swimming in stagnant water and then left to dry in a sealed bag. Absolutely disgusting. I will be returning the product ASAP. I shouldn't even have to go through the trouble of returning it when this was sold to me in such a state. Absolutely unacceptable. I can only hope that they don't repackage this to sell it to someone else.
They were very flimsy only one antler stayed up.
Tiny  Really small and dinky. I knew it was 9 in. but thought it would be wider, cuddly, full. Its skinny.  Dissapointed. Had to pay return shipping even with prime.
Don't buy this.  This little stuffed olivia was dirty with marker stain marks on it. We were mad because this was one of our daughters 1 year birthday gifts and tgis was the only one we could find. Extremely disappointed and let down.
Super cute  From the front it looks great but there is a whole on the back.
Very expensive.  This toy is small vs Price, US 55 is very expensive.  One week after the Price is US 28.  I disagree with fit and price.
Not at all as advertised.  The item said it was 17" (17 inches) but it came and was only 7 inches. Clearly not worth the money. It was much smaller than all of my daughter's other plush toys so I sent it back.
don't buy this....there is something hard in the middle on the inside that makes you think it makes noise or lights up or something but it doesn't do anything it's just a furry ball. you can porbably get a furry red ball somewhere else for less than $10
Doesnt work  Was excited to receive this only to find out it doesnt work and so close to christmas.
Very Very Tiny  No where near 8 inches. Its like the size of a keychair. Dont waste your money. There are better options on Amazon
Heartbroken girls!  This toy is so cute and fun, my girls absolutely fell in love with their Furbies. They each got one for Christmas. One of the Furbies started malfunctioning a mere 24 hours after my daughter started playing with it. We were able to reset it but a couple of weeks later it stopped functioning and there was no way to fix it. We were able to exchange it for a new one, so far it's working fine. The other Furby started malfunctioning  2 months after purchase, we can no lo longer return or exchange it. My daughters have been very careful with their Furbies and they were both defective. When they do work, they are simply adorable and a lot of fun, but when they stop working (and from my experience, they will break down after a short period of time) you'll have some very, very sad children. My daughter had taken such good care of her Furby, I'm inclined to buy her a new one, but I'm worried we'll be paying for an expensive toy that won't last very long.  Also, be prepared to purchase new batteries (4 AA) at least once a week!
Cute but skin is almost same color as dress :/ Also a bit small feeling
Greedy greedy greedy.  So mad and disappointed that the manufacturer wasn't happy with the amount of orders they were getting and decided to double the price and lose huge orders they were getting on a regular basis. Lost my business for sure.
Cheap looking  My son LOVES Cookie Monster so I was excited to find this for him! However when we received him, I was sadly disappointed. He looks very cheap compared to his tickle me Elmo. In the end we kept him because my 1.5 year old learned how to un-Velcro he back and took the speaker box out. He loves to take the speaker in the car with him! Pretty sad he plays with the speaker box and pays no mind to the actual Cookie Monster.
Ripoff  I only got one of the fish not 2  But the fish is very cute
No and No  The necks are too thin and the heads topple over. Esp Joy. Ironic? My kid had to make it a neckbrace. Disappointed.
Not What I Expected  Floppy with crooked everything.
rather late  by two years but oh well it can't be that rude, the package arived alright stuffed in a bubble wrap envelope and a plastic bag I was happy by how it looked but the only Real downside was that it was Not an official white mage chocobo plushie made by square enix but was made by disney of all companies. now I don't know if the seller got a different stock but the one I recived two years ago had some issues, for one the hood on the chocobo was made to look like it couldn't be pulled down like it should on the official one another issue was the erm belly tuft on the plush. instead of being near dead center of the chocobo's belly it was slightly lower and didn't look as it should instead well it was basicly flat and rectangular in shape so I'll let you people decide
I was not satisfied at all  I was not satisfied at all! Apon opening my package I was sad to say Luigi's nose was not sewn closed at the very end. I had to repair it myself. Very disappointed!!!!!!.
NOT  Specifically searched for "Webkins" on Amazon toolbar and this came up on first page.  When I received the item and realized it was not a Webkinz I searched and again it came up on the first page under Webzins.  Perhaps I should have been more observant.  Item is very, very small and it came in McDonald's packaging which leads me to believe it was a happy meal prize worth 99 cents at most, not the $4.45 I paid.  Thus I feel this was very overpriced, nevermind that it should NOT be listed in a Webkinz search.  Beallsflorida.com has Webkinz for $3 before the holidays.
Smaller Than Expected for Twice the Price  It's small.  The legs fold up and it's only 5 inches tall, and then not even quite that.  Plus, you can find this SAME stuffed animal at Barnes and Nobles (this one has the Barnes and Noble tag) for half the price.  Wish I'd looked around first.
This item is not as large as described. There's also nothing "huggable" about it.  It's not fluffy or plush.
Not what I thought  Doll was just what I wanted but I thought it was going to be new. It kind of smelled badly. I febreezed it and put it in the dryer. It still smells but not horrible. My granddaughter likes it. I really thought I was ordering a new doll.
Plush received is nothing like the description or picture.  I did not receive the correct Xerneas plush when it arrived. The Xerneas I received was completely different. It was chibi like, only about a foot tall, and was not high quality. It looked nothing like the picture. I don't know if this is the sellers fault or if whoever packaged it did not pick the correct plush. Either way, I'm unhappy with this purchase. I probably won't order another because I don't want to be disappointed again.
Light stopped working after a month of using. Wish it had volume control, can be very loud.
Poor quality!  It arrived with the mustache pealing halfway off the face and the overall buttons ripping off on both sides. Very disappointed.
Junk!
Packaging? An unwrapped gift!  It came thrown into a box without any covering, no plastic, not anything!  I took it out of the box and it had glue all over the forehead of Domo and the alligator teeth.  Too late to return it. So I cleaned it up and gave the gift. I used some plastic to cover it so it looked like it was new... Which  not sure of at this point.
Tiny  What a disappointment!!!! This thing is tiny and was so smashed that I thought it was a little shirt folded in the plastic. Ugh!!!!
Is not 10 in.  Is not 10 in. I bought another one on here and the other one when it came in the mail was bigger than the one I got my son and both are supposed to be 10 in my son want to get one for his friend for his birthday so we didn't know that my son's wasn't that big until his friend open his
Ducky Plush  This was misrepresented...it is a Ducky "Beanie" not a "plush" stuffed animal...I am very disapointed and will not purchase from this seller again.
Generic Plex  My son would not play with this Plex.  It is very flat.  I had to order another one.  It is; however, well made.
Stiching was an Issue  This toy seemed like a great value, but the stitchng came loose in three places along the Slinky spring within two days. I returned the item and did not order another. It's possible this one was defective, and I can't say whether all would have the same experience.
Overpriced and very small.
Got one for $20 at toys r us  So if you go to toysrus.com you can get one for $20. I don't know how in the hell your getting a $199 pice tag.
I ordered the moose and received a buffalo..  I ordered  the moose and received a buffalo..
Knockoff  This product is a knockoff.  It's flimsy compared to the actual Disney products.  And Elsa's neck is very skinny so after a few weeks her head just flops to the side.  My daughter doesn't seem to care, but I feel ripped off.
wasn't the right one..was supposed to talk and does not and was very dirty
seams are ripped and it is very small
Misleading image  The picture of this product is misleading. When I bought this I was expecting an umbreon that stood up. What came in the mail was a distorted looking umbreon that was sitting down. Now I am looking up how to send it back because I will not tolerate misleading pictures. The whole reason I purchased this was because I wanted my umbreon to stand up.
It went through batteries like crazy.  Didnt really work well from the start. It went through batteries like crazy.
fake  THIS POKEMON IS A FAKE AND IT COMES WITH NO TAG!!!! I BOUGHT THE SAME ONE ON EBAY AND IT IS VERY SAD THAT AMAZON IS GETTING RIPPED OFF THISS EASILY
So cute but defective  The doll is quite cute and cuddly.  It looks great.  But, the head was starting to unstitch before it even got used.  Now, the head is about to completely detach.  I suppose if I wanted to use it as a bookend, it would be great.  But, as a child's toy, it is terrible.  Again, the head is falling off...I am going to have to get another one (sewing cannot save it due to the placement of the stitches).
Disappointed that it is so small!  I ordered two pokemon stuffed toys for my grandchildren.  One was nice size, this one was more like a key chain and, to me, it is not worth the price I paid.  If my granddaughter had not already opened it, I would send it back.  Disappointed in it.
DOES NOT TALK
"Sound" what sound???  Purchased the Abby Cadabby Plush Magic Wand SOUND Toy for my 3 year old grand-daughter.  Before wrapping it, we looked to see if it required batteries to make the "sound".  No mention of batteries and the only indication of sound - is the literature suggests words you can say or make up!!  We  have made email inquiries regarding the "sound", but we have received no responses to date.  Without the sound, this toy is not worth the price.
Very disappointed with life span of product  Very disappointed with life span of product. Cora was purchased as a Christmas gift. Very cute, although she has always been a little mentally challenged, my granddaughter loved her. However, now with less than 7 months of hugs and cuddles Cora has stopped functioning. We thought batteries were the problem but they have been changed and it makes no difference. Very disappointed and would not recommend purchasing this product.
Not as pictured  The toy is not as pictured: only one whale doll is included, not a mother & baby.  Further, the stuffed animal is cheap looking.
Took a month to receive and the black one has two different size eyes. I gave it a star coz my son likes it. Will add pics when I get home.
To much money for what you get.  Over priced for something that looks like you could get out of a vending machine. It's small.  Not happy with it.
Cute but disappointed  Disappointed because I thought Disney products were made in USA  not China. I would not have bought it for my children.
These are not Large size as described and looks completely different. This was my daughters birthday gift and I'm extremely dissapointed!
Too Small  It is so small and not elegant. It is more suitable for little baby, anyway, the material is acceptable .
Dirty Dice  I received mine on time not too happy to find there is a brown stain above the number 9 best part it's still in the original wrapping.
Not very good  The quality it's not the best, it have a lot of loose threads. and it's MUCH skinnier and different than the one of the picture.
Not pikachu  Looked barely like pikachu...
Made me feel I had to buy something else so my great granddaughter would not feel  the actual product was much smaller than I had expected. Made me feel I had to buy something else so my great granddaughter would not feel dissappointed
I am not sure if I just happened to get a defected product, because others seem satisfied. The giraffe I received had two large holes on the underside of its torso on the underside. It also had a hole on one of its legs and the metal rod poked through. The product was really cute, but not good quality!
poor quality  My issue with this is quality. It was a Christmas gift for my son. When I received it in the mail, I had to repair part of it. The fabric that the fur is attached to was pulling away from around the eyes and part of the fabric was covering the corner of his mouth. I actually had to apply some glue to fix it. I wouldn't recommend anyone purchase this. Had it not been so close to Christmas, I would've sent it back.
Windows XP Issues  I have bought both the Elmo and the Pooh dolls and neither of them work right. I'm getting the same download error everytime. I have returned the dolls and re-purchased them at another store and got the same problem. I'm running Windows XP Pro with service pack 2 .......... I have been working with computers for about 14 years and I can not get this thing to work. I have even uninstalled Windows XP and re-installed it without service pack 1 or 2 and it still does not work. I don't think it's a problem with service pack 2 ........ I have read many reviews that states their doll worked on Win XP ...... I think it might be Windows XP Pro Edition. If you have a doll that works .....PLEASE POST WHAT VERSION WINDOWS XP YOUR USING. I would like to give this to my daughters for christmas.
Very disappointed  My daughter loves this character, but doesn't play with this toy much mainly because it's much too difficult to get it to speak by squeezing it.  if you don't feel the toys torso, find the trigger box inside, and specifically squeeze that box, you have no chance of the toy making a sound.  Simply squeezing it would never get this toy to talk.  The other main flaw with toy is that the two arms aren't affixed to the toy in a way that makes them look uniform.  The right arm sticks straight out from the side while the left is set an a slight angle more toward the front of the torso.  It actually makes the toy look as though a mistake was made when it was produced.  It's only redeeming quality is its cuteness.  It's too bad because this toy could have otherwise been a real winner.
The material felt cheap and the coin purse broke easily after opening it  When it first came I was excited till i opened it. The material felt cheap and the coin purse broke easily after opening it.
Bait and switch  The picture shows a really fluffy unicorn but what I received was no better than a carnival toy...cheap and scratchy!  Bait and switch completely!!!
Ok quality. We washed them and they came apart
Highly doubt it came from Disney Store like that. Disappointed  This came with a hole in it. Highly doubt it came from Disney Store like that. Disappointed
Has a lot of flaws...  My 3-year-old received this as a Christmas gift. I am very disappointed with it. One of the hands has some brown glue looking stuff on it and it does not come off. Also there is red stitching on one side of his nose, but not the other. And why it is red, I have no idea. Lastly, his hat is just AWFUL! It is so bent and misshapen that it doesn't even look like Woody.
Very small but exspected.
Don't waste your money or time toddler was bored after 2days
Very disappointed in the size  Very disappointed in the size, for the price I paid it should be bigger....my child is 7 and cant do anything with it and it won't let me return it
Tigger was packed horribly and caused the neck being broken  Tigger was packed horribly and caused the neck being broken. His neck tilts one side and would not stand straight. Awfully disappointing!
Ordered this and got the wrong one.  Daughter was fine with having a twin of one she already had so we kept it.
Didn't send the right mario
the doll shipped does not match the doll in the picture
This doll is very small and says one short phrase.
Great product but too pricey now  Not happy about the price increase. I went back to buy more and I will not be purchasing at this price.
Disappointed for the price  Expensive and electronic beep beep beep didn't work.
Cute but laugh doesn't last.  I gave this as a gift to a 4 year old that loves Elmo. She was so excited to play with it and laughed along with Elmo. I came back after Christmas and it doesn't laugh any more. There is no way to check batteries as the speaker is sewn inside the Elmo ball. Not pleased at all with this.
Diiappointed  The item  was not even completely sewn together.  One of the arms came off the first day. My son was so upset, he used his own money to pay for this !
the product was not what i ordered  i ordered  this kit. i was supposed to get  4 of the grow a head  figures in the kit. i got one, the princess. i got cheated. when i ordered it it stated that 4 figures would be sent in the kit. terrible terrible,  my kids were looking forward to it , only one came.
Terrible  No , I wouldn't buy this again, the screws are rusty, the noise doesn't work , the holes are not straight as well. I.just could.not be bothered to have to repack and sent , hence I just kept it..
this was for my 2yr, old grandson..elmo was way to hard to sit on potty & get to tinkle...you have to push him really hard to make him work.
Do not waste your money, it is so small  I would not give it to some body, because it was so small.
Too much money for such a small stuffed toy.
Not very well made  I was a bit disappointed in this- the whole stuffed animal is pretty cheaply done.  For the cost, I expected a much higher quality, but this wasn't much better then the stuff you get at a carnival...
Did not know my son's name...  Elmo did not know my son's name.  His name is Payton.  Had some other very unusual names on there, names I have never heard of, but not Payton's.  I called the 1-800 # and they are mailing me a fisher price credit and a postage paid envelope to mail him back.
My grandson still liked it because he is a  Wasn't clean. Batteries were dead. My grandson still liked it because he is a fan
cheap looking
Smoker home  These smelled of smoke . . .
not like the picture  As frumpy looking as described. Definitely not like the picture.
Previous reviewers lied  There was only one, not six in a package.  Instead of having 24 snowmen for students, I'm stuck with 4.
Flying Cow a Disappointment  When I first opened the package, I was disappointed thinking that I had just received a cow with the slingshot part missing.  Looking more closely, I realized that you are to put your fingers into the hooves and pull back on the tail.  I tried this several times, pulling back as far as I could without tearing it, and rather than flying through the air it flopped around before hitting the wall (the cow is rather heavy and unbalanced for a smooth flight).  I tried it a number of times and never could get a sound out of it.  I bought this for my granddaughter as a stocking stuffer and it is a big waste of money since it does not work as described.  I am hoping I can return it for credit, but I am waiting to hear from the seller.  Though it was delivered on prime shipping, Amazon said it is on them to contact me.  I will write another review when I see what kind of customer service I receive from the seller.
go find that other item to get a better picture of what you will receive  The color of this is actually a reddish tan as seen in the  " 12" Buckley the Whitetail Deer Head" plush. ... actually, I'm fairly convinced they're both the same item.  I ordered one of each and the color and size were the exact same. So, just FYI, go find that other item to get a better picture of what you will receive.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/12-34-Buckley-the-Whitetail-Deer-Head-Plush-Stuffed-Animal-Walltoy-Wall-Mount/dp/B00GAVHRSG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">12" Buckley the Whitetail Deer Head Plush Stuffed Animal Walltoy Wall Mount</a>
Poor Little Tauntaun  The plush Tauntaun may measure 9" tall, however it looks much smaller in person. The fabric is a nice quality, but the plush was not sewn with much care, and it's face was really crooked and wonky. Certainly not worth the price it is selling for.  Would I recommend this item to a friend? No.
knock offs.  these were bought for me as a christmas gift. i love them because i love eevee and the eeveelutions but they are NOT LEGIT. if you are wanting a knock off, get them. these little guys are cute, but they are the cheap chinese quality you would get in a claw machine. stuffing sticking out, and stitched together with cheap fishing line looking stuff.
fake.  this is a cheap bootleg, the actual doll has a plush stitched headpiece as opposed to this strange piece of fabric or felt or whatever this is that is glued to its face. the other person said theirs fell apart, and thats because as these dolls are cheaply made copies, they are not made well and commonly have bad stitching. do not waste your money.
Advertised wrong  Ordered this Jack plush and got some weird drone remote signal booster thing instead. Waited a while to see if I was still getting what I intended to buy, but no
It was very small 
Well...  Not as pictured. Not as described. They sent me an undressed 6" penguin.
tiny  Although it lists how tall this toy is at 13", it still looked very small to me, especially for the price of 19.99 plus shipping.  I was a bit disappointed.  The toy is very soft however, which is nice for cuddling.
I was really disappointed.  Smaller than I expected, definitely not 10 inches tall. I was really disappointed.
His arms weren't seen into the doll. They came out the day after the item came.
Very disappointed for the price I paid. Very low quality not at all what the picture showed.
This did not work as well as I had hoped. The laugh was not loud enough and you had to really toss it around to get it to laugh.
bad stitching.  Terrible stitching.  Looks retarded from the mouth and chest.  Doesn't look like the picture alot.  It does bend tho which is cool
My kids barney has a lazy eye  My daughter fell in love with Barney so we were on a mission to find her a stuffed version of her new best friend. We found this one and it was reasonably priced and seemed to be good looking. Firstly we had to pay $10 to ship it and it came in a bag not a box (plus the doll itself was only $15 so shipping was almost the same cost). Then we opened it and I immediately noticed it had one eye looking right and one down and left. Luckily my kid is 2 and didn't notice that or the two holes in either hand. Overall I'd never buy this again especially paying in shipping almost what I paid for the toy itself.
The plushie I received was not as good quality as the plushie in the product photo  The plushie I received was not as good quality as the plushie in the product photo. It had loose strings, a blackened eye, and was lopsided and couldn't stand up straight.
Would not buy again.  I bought this for my Grandson and after 2 months the beeper broke. He was so unhappy. He was less than 1 year old, so it wasn't used that much.  I wouldn't buy again.
Not 100% plush...has a HARD plastic head  Shame on me for not knowing 15" was as small as it is, but that isn't even why I am only giving this 1 star.  It is advertised as a "plush"...yet has a hard plastic head.  There are other superman plush toys for sale on Amazon that do state they have a plastic head...I did not order those because I did not want a hard plastic head for my child to play with as anything in my household that is hard becomes a weapon.  So...shame on you seller for not stating that in the item's description.  The color of the plastic head doesn't even match the fabric hands...funky looking.  On top of that, this thing is not worth more than $5 as it is made out of the cheapest felt fabric ever and was sewn together by a drunk monkey.  The cape is also cheapy see-through fabric and all of the stitching looks stressed from over-stuffing.  The one I received looked like he had a club foot and disproportioned thighs (rather than muscle looking thighs, they looked obese).  An obese Superman...nice!
Seam coming apart when I received. Had to sew it and now its great
The ears look like horns 
Small plush  Small... Not 12" tall. Was expecting larger zombie. Son disappointed.
disappointed in this  disappointed in this .... the small guy had a area on it's back that was not sown , and the seam  had been GLUED and messy , the seam did not meet together.  the price was too much for the product. I was expecting something of higher quality .
Fast delivery; TERRIBLE quality  The plush that I received is SO poorly made! The black dye of the spots has bled onto the white fur. The entire thing has blue blotches on it as a result! If I didn't know any better, I would say that it's a knock-off! That being said, it did arrive very quickly.
Very disappointed!!  It does not work, can't find the on/off switch. Very disappointed!!!!p
Way overpriced...  I think I just paid $14 for something that could have come out of a Happy Meal. Not overly pleased, but I guess if my nephew likes it for Christmas, all is not lost...
Watch style Batteries dead!!!  Watch style batteries were dead right out of the package.  There is no paper tab to pull out to keep it from turning on.  The switch was in the on position and wouldnt come on.  Guessing the package handlers at Amazon tested it multiple times.
Small and cheap looking
Tusk is curved and won't unbend  Overall pretty bad.  It is soft but the tusk is the issue.  It comes out of the head at an odd angle and then has a sharp curve in it.  We have had it for 2 weeks and have tried to bend it and fix the tusk but it always ends up curved again.  Looks like a little carrot sticking out of his face.  Would not recommend.
Stuffed Panda is OK, DVD not for young kids  This toy is rated by the manufacturer for 2 and up.  It contains a medium sized stuffed panda and a 22 minute DVD documentary.  My 3 1/2 year old selected this item as a treat.  We were both disappointed. The stuffed panda is of moderate quality and is certainly not worth even $15.  The documentary on the DVD was not appropriate for this age group.  It is an old BBC documentary on pandas that has that typical monotone narrator voice.  That would have been fine except topics covered include mating, inbreeding, poachers, and how when twins are born one typically dies because the mother will not nurse them.  It was a very boring video for my daughter but even she started asking questions that I would have preferred not to answer at 3 1/2.  I would highly recommend selecting a higher quality stuffed panda with the money and skipping the DVD.
may be defective or low battery
Cheap toy that did not last a week.  Tail and "blue fire" came apart not long after receiving. Seams were clearly visible, white, and widely spaced. Claws were sewn misshapen. Material not soft, made of cheap synthetic. Would definitely NOT recommend no matter how much whining and begging is nvolvec.
Not the same product shown in the picture  This isn't the same goofy in the picture. I received a goofy with a red vest rather than a black vest.
If your looking for something like this but way better  Song played for 2 seconds and then stopped. It's very small. Wish I could return. If your looking for something like this but way better, Build a Bear are selling stay pufts dolls that are 4 times the size, super soft, plays the entire song and smells like marshmallows!!! After I bought that this underground version got mysteriously lost.
What I received is not what is described. Clearly a rip off fake
Defective Toy  Birthday gift which imediately came completely apart on first pull by 2 year granddaughter at her birthday party.  Central card came out of bottom body part.
The soft toy has hard plastic tube legs, which I actually had to push through to the feet. The Y-shaped hair on top has sharp metal spikes at the base. This can only be used as an ornament and not as a cuddle toy.
Stupidest, most annoying toy ever  Stupidest, most annoying toy ever.  My daughter thought she wanted this so bad.  Got it for her for Christmas and she hated it.  Save your money and don't buy these dumb things.
What Sound??  Bought this for my 3 yr old nephew.  He loves Star Wars and Angry Birds so figured it would cover two "loves".  Not real impressed with this for the price.  The "Sound" is very faint and not even sure what it's supposed to be. If I had seen this first in a store, I would not have purchased it. But, it's here - so will only hope at 3 yrs old, he won't be as critical as I am.  Might be something he really likes and can cuddle with and sleep with at night.  Remains to be seen.
Arrived with dead, hard to replace, battery. Not cool.  Very disappointed. The product came with a dead battery, and it's a non-standard battery. So basically my 3 year old was super excited...for all of 2 seconds before he got very disappointed and found out that his favorite bear is essentially dead on arrival. If it ships with the battery, the least they can do is make sure the damn thing works. Not cool.
worked for 4 hours  Today I gave my 8 year old daughter the furby and ran for 4 hours and now no sound. I replaced the batteries twice and nothing, my daughter is very sad. I live in Colombia and it's really hard to send him back to replace it.
Cute took over a month to get it though
Would not light up.  Bought this for my son as a Valentine's gift. It was cute enough, but would not light up after I placed 2 different sets of batteries in it. Disappointed, but I returned the product for a refund..
poor quality  Only had for two days before the stitching on the back fell apart
Smells of horrible perfume  Im impressed with the quality. Other than. Our Elmo smells like horrible perfume. Its hard for us to even be around it.
I concur - the 9" Aquaman I received was more like 13". I had to return it and forfeit the shipping fee on my refund. Pretty upset. If it's being advertised as 9", I think that's the product we should get.
Did not receive what I ordered.  Much smaller than I expected. it is OK but not for the price since it was not exactly what was advertised.
Extremely small, and very dissatisfied. NO MEASUREMENTS were provided.
Fingers Don't fit!  The holes for your fingers are very small.
ears are noisy  The ears on this blanket make a crinkly noise and my son does not like it!  I am sad because he loves Mickey and I thought he would really like this blanket, but now he won't touch it.  Oh well, just FYI for others.
Very sad as is my grandson This is the sad thing I received.   Not what is pictured.  I got a very disappointing looking t Rex.  It's not plush at all. It looks close to the pic, however it's not at all it! Very sad as is my grandson!
Toys came broken
It had beans in the bottom which it doesn't state in the description. I was disappointed that it had the beans and would not have ordered it had it stated so in the directions.  A bit disappointed, but it was cute!
Super smal! NOT Jumbo or Huggable  Disappointed to expect a Jumbo, Huggable Poppy Doll and pay $24 for this tiny doll. SMALL cute Poppy doll, but not a nice Plush n Hugs like it said. : (
just pull my strings  She arrived with her hair u stitched on one side. Now her hair looks high on one side with the broken thread still hanging that I can't cut it short enough without cutting her actual hair. (Frown).  And she looked wore out! Like a lost non classy girl from strung out ville.
It is soooo small. Wrong size information!
Very small!
The one i Received was either a reject or a knock off its stitching  was coming undone in places.
Not as advertised  Looks great, but advertised as 9". I was counting on a larger toy and this item measures less than 5" tall.
The wings are wrong. Disappointed.  Was very excited when this product arrived. It was on time, earlier than I expected, very cute and soft.... But I noticed that the wings were off. To be more specific, they sewed on two of the same wings. I wanted to tote this stuffed animal around and show all my friends, but since the wings don't match, it's inevitable that my friends will point out the deformity and make fun of me for purchasing. Disappointed.
Breakout the needle and thread!!  Waited over a month to get this (slow boat from China).  My 5 year old was so excited to get it.  He still loves it (after 1 month).  However, there is one fundamental problem with this product.  All of the seams are coming apart.  Very, and I mean very cheaply made.  Basically, one has to re-sew all of the seams if one wants to keep it for a year.  Size is great and I hate to give it such a low rating, but for what you pay, one would expect a better made product.
Poor design and dangerous!  My little brother got 2 for christmas, one still in the box. The one he used got new batteries in it and within a half hour, they died. Sparks started coming from the battery panel and the fur is falling out, making a choking hazard. Hasbro will be recalling this product soon. They asked us to immediately stop using the toy and they are giving us refunds. They're lucking we aren't filing a lawsuit.
Smaller than expected
Has a suction cup that is attached to the top with a string.  Not what the description said or what the picture shows.  Definitely not what I expected.
Do NOT purchase!!!!!!!  I didn't want to give this item a star at all. This is NOT a plush toy, this is a keychain that you get from the dollar store and even worse, it cost 15 dollars for something that looks like it cost 50 cents! So angry 
small
Fraggle Doll Disappointing  Wembley doll was very disppointing. Size was the major issue. I just feel that the cost did not substantiate the product I recieved. Quality was OK, but again did not coincide with the price.
Item was not as picture posted for sale
Claim - Help  Recently we bought a furby boom but we could never scan it, using the appropriate mobile devices (Iphone). It came with reading problems. Our daughter is very sad about this. We are in Montevideo, Uruguay. We ask Amazon to tell us how we can solve this problem.
Mouth gets stuck open  if you squeeze belly lightly, elmo sings softly. A little harder & his mouth opens wide & singing is louder.... But sticks open. Eh- still cute, but annoying. Wouldn't buy again
Disappointed  Panda had a tear in one of the seams.  Just repaired myself instead of hassle of returning it.
Not good quality
Very disappointed!  No where near as big as it looks in the photo. Does not measure 90cm inless the arms are extended.  Came in what looks like a trash bag.  Will be returning it...
... they were not worth the money I was not happy  No they were not worth the money I was not happy
I returned this. the arms have metal inside to make them work it wasn't huggable for my grandson. I exchanged it for the take along Elmo
Okay toy...  It was okay. Bought this for our 3 year old but he didn't play with it much at all.
Not to happy  I expected it to look alot better, it's already falling apart. It almost looks like they just put it together yesterday.
looks can be deceiving  this really is a cute little guy, but the sound it makes is horrific. It sounds like a recording of a middle aged man speaking baa into a recorder, not anything close to what you would expect from a cute little lamb. I bought it for my new granddaughter, but didn't give it because the sound was so ugly.
What?  Item arrived 2 days after it was supposed to.  Item was partially damaged.
Sound didn't work; "engines" were attached by only a thin piece of fabric and flopped around.
Not as big as described  The toy is smaller than 12 inches.
I ordered the 11" sadness plush, but what I received was a talking sadness plush, that was very cheap in appearance.  Very disappointed I was sent a different item than the one shown and described.  Processed return the same day.  If you order it, make sure your get what you wanted.
It's not as nice as the photos  I ordered the smallest size for my 2 year old. It's not as nice as the photos. The face is well, eh. I guess you can tell it's the Cat but not high quality. My daughter was actually afraid of it at first. I wouldn't buy it again.
Thought I was ordering an elephant as pictured in the picture and description above said elephant. I got a monkey in the mail? Not impressed I waited for awhile to get this elephant and now it's to late to get something else.
Don't buy!  I can't even begin to describe how CHEAPLY made this is! It doesn't even look like the picture. So disappointed! My baby isn't even going to get this hunk of junk, it's going in the garbage.
Falls short as a rattle!  I love the softness and presentation of this rattle however it does not shake or make noise.  The most it does it squeek when squeezed,  but it makes this weird noise.  It honestly sounds like a dog toy!  I really wasn't impressed and my baby wasn't interested either.. The light colors (while pretty)  make it hard to keep clean,  and I feel because it wasn't bright my Daughter wasn't attracted to it.
Quality is bad  The stitching is horrible. It is all jaggy and if you look on the picture, the left part of the back head is completely different color. It doesn't match. This is a terrible quality plushie.
JUNK !  Plush is a POS not as described and picture used is NOT what you will be getting. Had a string and suction cup attached to the toy.
not as I thought  I thought I would be bigger and it looked cheaply made when I got it. I gave it to my dog.
Piece of CRAP!  What a piece of crap! This is much smaller than the dogs American Girl sells for their 18" dolls. This is like a small toy that comes out of a vending machine. Absolutely NOT worth $13.50. Returned ours immediately.
Cute but way overpriced!!!
Disappointed!  It took one week to arrive even though it was prime. Disappointed!
Bunny - no body stuffing  Would not purchase again.  If the bunny had stuffing in the "body" it would be nice.  No way this bunny will sit-up (as in photo) unless you prop it up...if not, head just falls down on legs.
not pleased at all with this toy it does not sing as it was advertised to do
Furby is not working.  I have to reset my daughter's furby multiple times a day and the speaker is already going out.  She opened it on Christmas (four days ago) and started having issues that day. Will not be ordering from here again.
Seemed like a cheap version of the original  Seemed like a cheap version of the original.  Have bought 3 others at Walmart but this one was somewhat "fake".  Stopped glowing after a week
I was upset by this and had to see it up to keep my child happy.  I bought this Elmo and it is very cute, BUT it had a large hole in the back seam. I was upset by this and had to see it up to keep my child happy.
I was not satisfied!  It had black stains on the hands and feet. I was not satisfied!
Do you want to build a snowman? Go see Mickey then!  These dolls are in-stock on Disney.com for $19.95. If you order $75 worth of products online Mickey will even give you the free shipping. I hate the price gouging going on for Elsa/Frozen related products and sellers taking advantage of the fact - Disney didn't anticipate the popularity of the film - our local stores (we have 3 in our city) and Disney's online store have been selling out of Frozen/Elsa products at an alarming rate.  The doll itself is great, much more detailed than the Elsa plush doll, cuddly, and great for playtime fun. Honestly the Frozen plush collection is the best Disney has made in terms of quality, detailing, and cuteness! So happy I purchased both Elsa and Ana as a set online! :)  I'm hoping the Mouse-In-Charge is listening to thoughts of their audience and will stock restock Frozen items soon. However, don't be duped- Ana products are pretty easy to find... and our local Disney Store has hundreds of these plush dolls all for $19.95! Disney's store online also has Christoph so, you can buy both plushes as a set for about $40... a little more than what you'd pay for 1 doll on Amazon.
This little guy is adorable! However  This little guy is adorable! However, I can only give it one star because it is priced way too high. I always got them for either 6.49 or in the $7 range. Now they are $18! The other animals they make / sell like the monkey, are still at the lower price. Why is the elephant more? I love giving these as baby shower gifts but perhaps no more unless price changes.
Bad product  The eyes fell off. The hat ripped halfway off. All in 2 days of my 9 year old carrying it around.
Didnt like them  The Elsa on the far left is from the Disney store. I bought her for $10 she is so soft and comfy. The Ana and Elsa on the right are not as comfy, their dresses are not as soft. And for some odd reason Ana has no neck and Elsas neck is so long, that when she is sat up her head falls to her back, it makes me so uncomfortable to look at her. Im going to have to sew her head on straight.
Is broken
poor quality.  Olaf pulled apart first day we got it. Poor construction.
I'm pretty disappointed but hopefully my daughter likes it  This is cute but way...to small for the price. I'm pretty disappointed but hopefully my daughter likes it. I should've checked measurements and really read reviews :(
super ugly doll  super ugly doll.  The  mouth  looks like her nose and where you have left the seam, from sewing the head  , looks like a very huge mouth .  My 5 year old seems to be ok  with it  even though she NOTICED this and asked why her nose was so big and her mouth  looked the way it did.
It's not that great, I would just get a more expensive one if you would like it to be true to the games.
Not a lot like Strawberry Shortcake  The toy looks like the picture and was shipped quickly.  As with a lot of strawberry shortcake dolls, it does not really look like her!  My daughter does love it but it has a small hole even after a very short time after playing with it.  I don't think I would recommend this particular doll for anyone who wants something that looks like Strawberry Shortcake.
Furby Boom is a Bust  Bought this for Christmas present for my granddaughter. After many attempts to use the online app and scan the toy, I finally had to give up. The online app is a disaster and the toy is not far behind. The toy should work without the app, but does not. Overall it is not worth the time and trouble, it should not have been released with the amount of bugs in the app and toy. Returning for a refund, don't want another one.
Disappointed  Very disappointed. This item is very small and not authentic.
The doll I recieved it is not the same in the picture!!
Not worth the money!  Cheaply mad and not worth the money I paid for it. The mane and tail are extremely poor quality.  I do not recommend this item.
It's so small!  the plush is so small. I wasn't expecting it to be that small since it cost so much.
Finger puppet by Play Critters was received  I received a finger puppet the size of a large beanie baby
Cute but not the best quality  Cute doll, great price but there was a defect when it arrived.  I had repair (sew) a section.
not as cute as the picture
Olaf - Short on Expectation  Fit in the palm of my hand, not larger and measured it at 6". Very disappointed and description totally misleading. Too close to holiday to send back, so used it as a gift tag on top of gift and recipient was happy. Disney stamp on foot, but Disney tag was labeled as 9". Get out your rulers because this did not measure up to Amazon standards in my opinion.
It was over rated do to the size of the box and not big as I expected it to be.
Picture is misleading  actual product looks nothing like what we received, have a very disappointed child.  Good thing our dogs needed a new toy!
And tucking her in with it was like tucking her in with a rock  AWFUL!!  NOT the soft, plush toy of old.  Hard plastic face and hard body (mechanism inside) with not much soft body left around the hard part for baby to cuddle with.  My granddaughter, in learning to hold this thing, bopped her face and head with this toy's face so much I had to take it from her.  Too many bruises!!  And tucking her in with it was like tucking her in with a rock.  Sorry I bought it.  It will decorate her bedroom shelf.
Sorry... Had to return this one ...
I don't hate it, but I wouldn't buy again  Bigger an a little gawkier than I expected. I don't hate it, but I wouldn't buy again.
Very cheaply made, part of it broke as soon as son took out of box. You get what you pay for though.
The photo is not accurate.  The photo does not show that it says "Baby's First Christmas" on the foot. My daughter is 3, this is not her first Christmas.
... Christmas present for my 5 month old and he loved it the first time he used it  This was bought as a Christmas present for my 5 month old and he loved it the first time he used it, the button to turn the music on worked intermittently when pressed then would not work at all, so I changed the batteries and the glow work worked one time.  I tried ito play the music again and it again did not work, so I changed the batteries again and this time got nothing.  For an item that was used 4 times in the span of 2 days I am very upset that this broke so soon especially since my son really enjoyed the music and soft glowing light.  I expected so much more from Playskool
this is only 9" tall. Is NOT 15"  it said it was 15" but was only 9".
Not worth it  I bought this because I thought it would be cute. Turns out it does not live up to what it says. And with me it came damaged.
Wayyyyy smaller than I envisioned. About the size of a baseball.
Does not say lines from movie as advertised  Doesn't say anything from the movie like description states. Makes noises from the movie and moos like a cow but does not recite lines as advertised.
Looks like a poorly made racoon.  Anyone who thought this looked authentic...needs their eyes checked.  This thing doesn't look like a red panda at all.  In fact, it kind of looks like a really poorly made racoon.  If you are looking for a plush that looks like a red panda, this is NOT the one you want.
Pants don't pull off  My granddaughter tried to remove Elmo's pants in order to put him on the potty. My granddaguhter became frustrated with the toy and stopped playing with it.  I think it's because she can't pull the pants down.  It's difficult to 'activate' the success message when Elmo is placed on the potty, too.
Very Small Gizmo plush  I bought this for my great niece for Christmas I was very disappointed on the size it is not delux plush it is very small plush
Not the same plush that is in the picture. Still cute but its not the same at all.
Dissapointed. Poor quality fake.  It's not a real Disney product as other said it was. It's not even a good imitation and is very poor quality. The seams are week and the head is floppy and too soft, like its missing much of the filling. Very disappointing.
This was purchased for my 6 year old granddaughter, and although she did not play roughly with it, the seams began tearing apart on the arm and elsewhere within a couple of weeks. It was returned for a refund.
Deceiving Product  It is such a horrible and deceiving product. I received mines today, and it was so small. Size is not what it states! The legs are crooked and not worth the price. DO NOT BUY! Such a disappointment.
3 arms and 1 leg...  So instead of 2 arms and 2 legs...ours arrived with 2 arms and 1 leg...the second leg is actually an arm. Good thing my daughter likes it for its uniqueness.
Ok the kids like
Buy if and only if your kid is a HUGE fan  An overpriced item. I was disappointed in its quality and structure. Was expecting it to be bigger and for the material to be of better quality
Not a talking toy  Shipped quickly, which was great, but it doesnt talk.
Worked only 5 days  I bought it for Christmas and it worked for 5 days. Then it started to act weird and then no voice at all. We replaced batteries and reset it several times but still not work properly. I have requested a refund from Amazon. I have read this same issue in several cases online. My kid really wants this toy and I am buying a new one,  but I am not sure if I had back luck or this toy isn't so good quality at all.
if i could have given this a zero, i would have. this product is nothing like pictured, but rather a cheap knock off of what the disney store sells.  the peas themselves are YELLOW not lime green.  also, the cheeks are EMBROIDERED on, not "airbrushed" (as shown in pic)....makes it looks like the peas have a set of black eyes and then a set of pink eyes below it. definitely odd looking.  the overall product is larger than 8".  i am buying these for my baby, so that he had a small toy he could hold on to with his little hands...i am definitely returning this and buying the product straight from disney...where i know i can trust the quality of the product.
I liked the product but it was defective  I liked the product but it was defective. Terrible sewing in the back. Also, the top part was not attached fully.
We were very disappointed that this cute stuffed toy arrived smashed into almost ...  We were very disappointed that this cute stuffed toy arrived smashed into an almost flat box with no plastic wrap. I don't think my 3-year-old grandson quite recognized what is was supposed to be (nor did we) when he first opened the box. Also, the hair pulls out very easily. We have the smaller version of this same toy that arrived in much better condition. I would not risk buying this toy.
It tore.
Veryyyyy Small
Not that great.  Kinda floppy and irregular and misshapen.  My son is obsessed with goats and this is by far his least favorite.  Not worth the money if you ask me.
PIRANHA BREAKS OFF EASILY. DO NOT BUY!  Do not buy this broke within a few days. Piranha pulls out of the pipe very easily. Not worth the money.
Arrived with a dead battery which was non-replaceable.
Very expensive doe a 4in pluch  My son loved it but solo small
Doesn't talk.  Arrived broken.  Couldn't return because it was from the birthday fairy.
Received this item expecting it to talk but it does not work.
You get what you pay for....  Soooo as advertised the eevee looks awesome so I got it for a kid of a friend of mine and what she ended up getting is a sinister scary looking hashed up knock off. Don't order from here buy legit!!!
Over priced, poor quality  I bought this for my niece who had it on her wish list.  I don't know if she likes it or not.  But I didn't like the fabric quality.  I found nicer Pikachu stuffed toys for less money.  Pass on this one.
very disappointed  Giant?...?.that thing was like 8 inches high  
Not same toy as picture...  I was expecting a nice plush, this was a cheap plush with a string on it's head to hang it up. It has already had to be sewn back together at the head and the tail separated into two tails. I am terribly disappointed in this purchase but my daughter still likes the thing so we ended up keeping it and I continue to fix it.
Don't overprice this crap  Stop overpricing it it's crap from a Bird
But seems like an ok price for what you get  Was a little dissapionted .Some of the emojis weren't circular shaped . They seemed more oval and deformed. But seems like an ok price for what you get .
Thankful for Amazon's awesome customer service  Bought this item as a recommendation from a friend. Although it was a little more than I wanted to spend on a baby bath toy, I went ahead and purchased it. When I received it, it was smaller than I expected and only have one light setting. My son was not even interested in the. We went ahead and used it in the tub and within 2 weeks of having it, the inside was filled with water and batteries were corroded. Thankful for Amazon's awesome customer service. They gave me a full refund. Don't waste your money!
My son loved this but it ripped the first time he played with it.
Not happy as to this was part of a gift for someone  Product was not the same as picture and did not even have the banana part. It came in a box that looked open and all scratched up. Not happy as this was part of a gift for someone. It does smell nice and looks cute but it looks used so I won't even gift this anymore. I'm thinking this may be a knockoff that I recieved since it is missing the banana like in the picture.
It did not work when it was shipped to me.
the dog makes rude sounds
Did not measure as advertised  I do not know how they measured this but it was barely 9" long, maybe if you measured from the top of the horn until the tip of the tail it might have measured the 12".  I gave it away to Toys for Tots and bought another one for my granddaughter.
Broke after two months of very little use.  Just received this bear from my grand-daughter to see if grandpa could get it to work again It was a Christmas gift and it now does not turn on. New batteries and nothing. Don't buy it! Trying to contact the manufacturer but I am expecting no help from them.
... of money that it cost it should have been perfect..  The batteries keep moving so you have to open it up and push them back in place and for the amount of money that it cost it should have been perfect... It was a gift for my grandson so I was very disappointed...
To expensive.
Not what I was expecting  Not the one in the picture. But the one I got was ok. The one it the picture is what I thought I was getting.
The pieces don't stay on at all.
very poor quality. not worth the money
Horrible knock off  Very disappointed.  Oversized head, clearly not the quality anticipated and is a poor substitution for the true plush of Latias.  It is poorly designed and has horrible proportions. (Think bobble head but in a plush form.).  We have Latios and my Pokemon addict wanted Latias.  I'm including a picture of the two together so you can see the ridiculous design/head size.  Sadly this is not going to be the desired birthday gift my eight year has wanted. As the seller is in Hong Kong, I imagine I am out of luck with return options but will initiate them today.
Poor quality especially for the price!  When I opened this I thought it was very nice. My 6 yr old son was very excited! Unfortunately when I turned it over I noticed defects. There are several sploches of missing color on the plush.
Smaller than anticipated
Junk and terrible customer service  Bought this for my 6 year old who just had to have it. Bought it at the local walmart and took it home to find it had a huge hole in the seam of the armpit. Packed the product up and took it back to exchange it the next day. When exchanging I made sure the new one didn't have the hole in the same area and it didn't. Upon arriving home and opening the box we found this one had not 1 but 2 holes in it, just in different spots this time. It has a hole in the seam of the hand and the seam of the inner thigh. Since I already exchanged this once I called the customer service number for help. They proceeded to tell me they could not send me a new one or compensate me because I bought it at walmart. This is not how companies should work. I also have now emailed corporate because I am so fed up and my 6 year old doesn't want me to return this one. So, now I'm sewing the defective product. Terrible product and company!
These are sold at the Dollar Store for a buck each. So a pack of 3 would only be 3 dollars. This is price gouging.
cheap
Cute Hamster but Terrible Recorder  The stuffed toy is great but the recorder is not.  It distorts and does not repeat except for horrible screeches.  My son-in-law was none too pleased that I gave this to two of his children.
It is good good,
switch and bait  These were not sound chipped. They were squeak toys. Not what was advetised.
Fart noises, not voice, not tom tom  Looks like Tom Tom, makes purring noises, does not act like Tom Tom. not a voice record product. VAGUE in description of what it does, so my own fault. Mother of child who received this gift is no longer talking to me. Disappointed. Cat better than dog version, Dog is mostly fart noises.
Clothes lack good detail. Dirt marks on body  Doesn't appear well made for play. Loose strings and some stuffing coming through seams. Clothes lack good detail. Dirt marks on body. Bought as a gift and not happy with quality of the item.
Doesn't match the picture, & not as cute
Was quite disappointed for the price paid  Way smaller than I expected. Was quite disappointed for the price paid.
Very disappointed in the quality for the price  After only having for 2 months- one of them has a huge crack in the side and the beads are falling out which is a choking hazard; and the other one the paint is chipping off which I do not want my kid to eat either. Very disappointed in the quality for the price.
Gave this mouse to a friend as a joke.  Joke was on me.  She said it simply didn't work.
egg is not white  This egg is not white... Is a pink color.. He's still cute and works great but I needed a white egg
Nothing close  Does not look anything like the photo and the seller won't respond.
No official Disney patch on foot like seller claims  Item says it has official Disney patch on foot but it doesn't have the official Disney patch on foot
mom of a toddler  not what i thought the toy was suppose to be. it is great since my daughter loves elmo. also not very loud and doesn't seem to do much
Very disappointed when I opened the box and the toy looked nothing like the picture. Please update picture.
another disappointment  Rather small and flimsy!
se estrabio
It looks so bad it's a little funny.  I mean take a good look at it side by side with a picture of Cinccino. The ear hair is up side down, the scarf is on backwards, and the face is derpy. This is not a licensed plush and you are buying a knockoff.
The pop up top broke easily, couldn't even open it up to fix it  The pop up top broke easily, couldn't even open it up to fix it. Good for music with the kids but thats it. Dont buy this product.
not really what i thought this would be
Disappointed in this product  When i received the Buckle Toy "Buster" one of the buckles was broken. Disappointed in this product.
Buyer Beware. Defective Product  If I could give this product zero stars, I would. Item arrived with corroded batteries inside its battery compartment. We removed the batteries and tried to clean the corrosive debris the best we could, but item still did not work. Returning and will not ever do business with this seller again.
Don't buy this  this is totally fake disney baymax plush ,  don't buy it . Different from the discribtion .
Sound stops working  I originally bought this toy for my 8 year old at a gift shop on vacation. Once we were home a few days later, she informed me that the sound was not working. While on vacation we noticed that a seam had popped open, but I was willing to repair that myself so wasn't concerned about it. I contacted Ty customer service, and they did the right thing by mailing us a replacement toy. Unfortunately, after my daughter had pressed the heart that says "Luv Me" only 3 times, the sound stopped working again! I think it must have a design or manufacturing flaw. Perhaps it can only handle being "hugged" rather than the button being pressed directly, but given that most children are used to pressing buttons on various stuffed toys I think that it should be able to handle that. Just be warned that if your child really cares about the sound (as my child does!), this particular color seems to have problems. (A friend's son has a green version of this toy and it has no problems- even after my daughter pressed its sound button several times!)  IF the toy worked, I would give it 4-5 stars for being a fun cute little toy, obviously not educational though.  I have contacted Ty again and will update after I receive a response from them.
the toy plush doesn't look like that.  I'm very disappointed ..
False Advertising! B.S.  I was somewhat happy to get this because my sister really wanted a Gizmo. But I am very dissapointed by the seller's misleading description. They claim that the product is 4.3 x 11 x 9.3 inches ; 1 pounds. This is not true. It measures 6" tall by 8" wide (earspan). This is false advertising! Amazon ought to do something about this seller. Another person left the same feedback and still the seller has neglected to change the product description. This is misleading bull****, I want the product I paid for. People beware.
It took over three months to ship and we lost tracking information. When it finally arrived it was smaller than eighteen inches. However, it is very cute, but if you want something bigger to cuddle with, I would not purchase this item.
Item NOT as pictured  I received a different version of Pikachu than advertised. $20 is WAY too expensive for the version I got. Unfortunately, it arrived the night before my six-year-old's birthday. So it was too late to return it for a refund.
Didnt work.  Didnt work out of the box after several attempts. Was a birthday gift, double sldisappointment. And, of course, I tossed the packaging so couldn't return. Ugh.
Turns out it is not 8" like advertised but is actually 3" and not plush. Seriously disappointed.
Not what I expected!!!  I was under the impression that I was receiving a rather reliable toy doll, what I got was a hand-me-down old doll with stains on it. also the back of its neck was sewn up rather carelessly almost like someone couldn't wait to get rid of it! The rating on the doll for quality said that it was in good condition... if that's good condition then I'm appalled. I definitely expected a way better doll than what I received, I just hope no one else has the same issue.
Don't waste your money  You set Elmo on the potty and he will still say he had an accident. It doesn't register he is on the potty. Not impressed with the toy at all. Don't waste your money.
Fun but flimsy  I love the idea of this toy, however within a few shots, the finger pockets were broken off from the tubing. The few shots we had were a very good time though.
Dissatisfied  Cute, but not very well made. Came with one detached arm and the arms appear to have been glued on the elves.
but I understand the little guy for whom it was purchased loved it.  I did not get to see it, but I understand the little guy for whom it was purchased loved it.
but yellow shown on the picture looks better. Worst of all  The hair color from the actual product appears so much greener than the color pictured. I know the hair color from the actual toon Zelda is green, but yellow shown on the picture looks better. Worst of all, the back of the plushes head is faulty. The lining is not sewed tight and there's a finger-sized hole and the fillings are visible. The last point may just be specific for my unit, but still overall unhappy purchase.
The doll we received does not talk. =(
Too small  It's like the size of my hand for that amount of money it was a waste
Boring toy.  Has never held my 2 yr old son's attention and the hats are too hard to take on and off for him.  The activities with each hat are too few and similar to each other.  Pretty repetitive.
Waste of money and mind.  Noisy and obnoxious.  This was a hit for a few days and now just sits there. Tell the kid no.
skin coloring appears dirty. Better off just buying daughter the action figure  Really small, skin coloring appears dirty.  Better off just buying daughter the action figure.
Yoshi had white string like hair coming out of the top of his head  It looked very different from the picture. The item I was sent had the following problems: No hands, just tiny arms. Eyes and nostrils were different. Boots were brown, not orange. Boots were unevenly sized. The saddle has a large white ruffle around the edge that's about 3x bigger than the edge shown. About half was obviously handsewn, and badly, with large exposed stitches at all angles and seams that weren't completely closed. Yoshi had white string like hair coming out of the top of his head. Not thread, fuzzy strings.  If I had to guess, these probably get contracted out to piece workers somewhere, and the quality is just really bad. Not at all what the picture indicated. Moreover, it was packaged really poorly. Wrapped in a piece of paper then crammed into an unpadded envelope. No plastic of any kind protecting it if it got wet in transit.
to small!!  Way to small, the Barney doll I had as a child was triple this size. You cannot see the size that it really is in the picture. The only good thing about this doll is that it does sing the "I love you" song.
Chinese knock off refund?
Didn't work from the moment I received it.
WAS NOT REALLY VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCT & IT IS NOT POKEMON CENTER ORIGINAL :(
Mechanical problems  Our Furby Boom moved it's eyes and mouth, but no sound came out.  We tried resetting, and tried new batteries, as per the website instructions. Finally, we called Hasbro. They authorized us to return the product, which we have done. However, now we have been advised that they do not currently have inventory available to replace the product, so we have to wait until they have more inventory. Not terribly satisfactory!  Our granddaughter has been waiting patiently- hope this gets resolved soon!
His legs fell off within hours of receiving.  Cute doll, poor, poor quality. I can see others had the same problem as me. The adhesive used to keep his legs on is awful. I ended up just tossing him after a few tries at re-gluing the legs myself.  No Gizmo for me.
The first one I bought didn't work (from a different company). The second one I bought from Amazon didn't work. The third one I bought from Amazon (the third time is the charm?) DID work. The problem I have with this is that quality control seems to be lacking from Gund. Buy at your own risk.
Fakes  These are fake Chinese knock-offs of licensed Disney products. Low quality.
Didn't work.  It arrived today. Not working. I didn't spend this amount of money for a stuffed animal. Returning and hopefully I'll get a working Sulley
Be careful who you order from.  For the price and amount of time I waited for this item to arrive, I was expecting a genuine Vulpix plushie.  What I received instead was a poorly made bootleg plush that doesn't look anything like the picture.  There was loose stitching everywhere, and one ear was pretty badly deformed.  Perhaps the most insulting thing was a seemingly authentic Pokemon Center paper tag attached to a generic sewn-on tag.  It seems like most people who reviewed this got authentic plushies, so I was incredibly disappointed by this.  Fortunately, I was able to order one off the official Pokemon Center website, so I now have the real one.  I've attached some pictures of the Vulpix I received, along with some comparison photos to show the differences between the real one and the bootleg.  Some things to note: the stitching on the sides of the tails and top of the head should be red (not white), and the paws should be fully stuffed.  I've learned that the best way to avoid bootlegs is to order from someone in Japan or just ordering off the Pokemon Center website.
Terrible. Cute but don't work
Five Stars  6 yr old loved it. Well made. He said its Minecraft, which was a HUGE plus. But then eyes stopped working within 24 hrs. And there is no way to open it to replace batteries.
Horrible doll. Doesn't even look like Frida Kahlo at all. Returning doll was difficult.
Does not look like the real Barney
Cheap and creepy looking  I am returning this, it's cheap looking. The actual product doesn't look nearly as good as the listing photo. The headlights are oblong (instead of round like they're supposed to be) and look creepy frankly. The bumper is tipped upward with no way to flatten it. The "beep beep beep" sound is cute, but the button is free-floating within the toy itself, so you have to feel around for it, find it, then press it hard to make the sound. I doubt my 4 year old, who loves Little Blue, is going to be able to figure that out. For $20 I expected a better quality toy. So back to Amazon it goes.
Fake  Fake and not as described.  My son was really sad.
Not same or even alike product as picture. Disappointment!  Not same product as pictute shown. Very disappointed
UMMMMMM.....  Well I mean it's kinda cute but it's so small and just not much to it. It was for a cheap price when I bought it so for the money I paid it's okay but ummmmmm....my son just could care less about it!
no more giggling  This item was disappointing mainly because soon after we received it the ball it didn't giggle anymore. It's past the return date so we are not able to return or replace. I wouldn't recommend This product.
Noo Moo  Cow did not moo, even with battery activated.  Ordered chicken at same time and it was fine.  Kids still enjoyed it, but we really wanted it to moo.
This is not a toy for greedy little kids. I want to see a picture of it that's not off of another website.
Junk, not even worth 1 star a negative 5 would be about right  Doll it very small even with the hair stretched as far up as it will go it is only about 10 inches. There is not much hair at all, and it is flat. Not huggable. It took forever to get here. They said I would get it Dec. 13th. Got it Dec. 27th. They finally sent it after i asked for my money back. It is not well made. Dont waste your money. Not even worth spending the money to send it back. I always shop Amazon and this is my first bad experience.
Doesn't seem to be of very good quality.  Just the overall look of this doesn't make me want to buy it.
Mine looks absolutely NOTHING like the picture and is very poorly made  Mine looks absolutely NOTHING like the picture and is very poorly made.  I ordered it for my daughter for Christmas and luckily because she's so young, she didn't care, but when I opened the package I was disappointed that I spent almost $20 on a derpy version of Daisy.  Very sad.
To small!  I returned this because it was so small I didn't want to hear my kids complaining when they couldn't fit anything more than a tshirt in it
awful quality
Do not purchase if its a gift  Im not sure how it works, not really interested It was supposed to be a gift for a childs birthday Its very tiny and didn't even come in a box, Just a plastic bag I will look like the cheapest Aunt ever if I gave This to a child.  Looks like it came from the dollar store.  
Are you kidding me...?  The dog just makes one sound: very loud Latin music (just the refrain from one song). No, you cannot turn the music off. No, you cannot make it less loud. Also the dog "walked" for 30 minutes then broke. Ridiculous.
Worked for less than a month  Toy seemed great. My daughter's eyes lit up when she saw it, since she loves elmo. I got the toy back in June, and when I went to give it to her to play with today, it wasn't making noise. I thought it was the batteries, so I replaced them. No good. It's been less than a month and it's no longer working.  Unfortunately I used a F/PO to ship it to me, and it would not be cost effective (as the shipping cost would be more than the toy is worth) to send it back.  Guess I'm now stuck with a cute elmo plush doll now.
otis the tractor stuffed toy  Soft and small; overpriced fora stuffed animal-truck; books appropriate for 3 yo toy not so much  Otis the Tractor.  Would recommend books not plush toy.
but I really didn't think they would make a stuffed animal that was like the size of your hand  Ridiculously small. I had meant maybe I should've read the specs on it a little more closely, but I really didn't think they would make a stuffed animal that was like the size of your hand. I also ordered a musky and it was way bigger and I like it a lot better.
too small
not as pictured  As mentioned by other reviewers, the actual plush I got looked different from that pictured.  They have more of a standing pose, and look less cute and proportioned.  I bought it Jan 21, 2015 from totoab  If another seller is found that sells the plush as pictured, perhaps it would be good to make mention of them for other buyers
doll is ok, the fact that its being sold for three times its value is why I rate this a 1.
a bit disappointed as it helped to calm him  I purchased a glowworm in mid October for my 2 month old Grandson.  We did not even use it until late November and now mid January it stopped working completely.  We have tried all types of batteries and it won't work...a bit disappointed as it helped to calm him.
Lilly the Ladybug  Very satisfied with purchase.  It is for my soon-to-be born granddaughter.  Each of my grandchildren have their own forest animal; 3rd in series.  Amazon was the only place with Ladybug stuffed animal.
Lamb is soft a adorable the gift box came crushed and torn  Lamb is soft a adorable the gift box came crushed and torn. I was very disappointed that the box was trashed and I had to repackage.
Horrible product quality the voice box didn't work and looked used. Their were several seams sticking out that we had to cut. Would definitely not recommend! Returned product.
Looks good, sounds bad  How are random noises considered " key phrases?" The plus side is that it looks good.
It arrived like that.  the wing is falling apart. It arrived like that.
but not in cool or cute way  I am sorry to say when I received my plush moogle, mine didn't have blush, or whiskers in it's checks and the body proportion was not the ones reflect in the image, nor the normal expected ones from lore. My moogle was fat.. but not in cool or cute way.
Beware of bootleg.  As suspected- bootleg! It's still cute if you don't look too closely at it. The eyes were made of really thin, scratchy material and it didn't even come with tags. It also had a light brown stain on his face. I didn't want to bother with returning it but I certainly wouldn't buy it again.
A total waste of money  It is extremelly small, does not talk and does not giggle. A total waste of money.
Not worth the money  Not worth the money.  Very small and not sown together well.  I would not recommend to anyone.
Not like the picture.  I got shipped a plush doll that remotely looks like Pickachu - in that it is yellow and has a somewhat familiar shape.  It is not the doll as depicted in the picture.
Decent  I loved the pokemon and how soft it is, only problem is that its very small. Read the description before buying the gift.
Fell completely apart !!  Arms and legs fell off within an hour after receiving it. It to glue and sew myself.  Did not return because that process would take forever and trying to get another would be longer
Missing pieces  It was missing a piece... My son was very disappointed. I wish it would have come completely. What a sad Christmas.
Disappointed  I bought this Bowser plush along time ago for my son, when it arrived he was disappointed on how it looked, the eyebrows were like flaps and the Bowser had no neck and looks upward, wow
DOES NOT MAKE SOUND!!  Was not as advertised. This Creeper does NOT make sounds. My son was very disappointed with it. He wanted what was advertised, not this.
Bad Smell and Poor Quality  The product smelled very bad upon opening....it had  bad odour and very poor quality... I think it should have an used one.....Felt disappointed to order this item...
Doesnt work  This came after a month and doesnt work. It doesnt even light up. The picture makes it look like it is several toys but it is only one small toy (that doesnt work). Would not recommend.
Very poor quality  Feet are glued on and fell off within minutes of use.  You can see dried glue elsewhere on toy, around other plastic pieces that ate also glued on.
Smaller than expected and compressed!  Well I can say that the stuffed Charmander traveled safely! It arrived vacuum sealed! He would be cute if not so dented from the package.  I would also say it's more like 3 1/2 inches tall. I would not buy again. Feel short changed for my SON! The Charmander won't stand on its bottom!
Very Very Disapointed  Its waaay too small. I was thinking a toddler/baby sized blanket. Its about the size of a wash cloth literally! This won't keep my son warm, and he will probably end up forgetting about it because its so small. Its his christmas present. Really bummed out. I wouldnt have baught it if I knew the size.. Really disapointed with the product..
Item is different from picture  The item in the picture is not the correct item.  There is no bow, the collar is white and the legs don't come out from the center of the blanket but rather are sewn on to the edge.  My daughter still likes it but it is not the item I want.  I really want the correct style!!! NEED TO FIND THIS ONE IN THE PICTURE!
So sad that Playskool changed this dearly loved classic  In general, this product is still a good bedtime snuggle toy. BUT this new version we got for our granddaughter to replace her old, classic, blue one that got ruined in Hurricane Harvey, doesn't have the same wonderful artwork on the face, isn't as padded and, more importantly, doesn't have the same gentle nursery rhyme soundtrack that her old one had. It has more of a classical music theme now, fine for Baby Einstein toys and CD's, but not for this particular product. It is also louder. Our daughter was so disappointed that we couldn't find her daughter a replacement for the old classic one, even on eBay, that she grew up with and dearly loved.
Way too small! Not Pleased.  This minion is too little, Its not a 10 inch stuffed animal. More like a 6inch, too much money for a stuffed animal of this size.
its bad!
Crappy job of manufacturing  Crappy job of manufacturing... hole on the side where they missed sewing it up after it was stuffed. Quality Control? Eh, this one was skipped.
Not the Same as the Picture  I have to say, I was very eager when the product arrived. I opened the package looked at the product and realized, it was a bit different. I took it out of the plastic wrapping and sure enough I was right. It's a cheaply made copy of the genuine Kitsune Luigi plush. The mustache hairs keep falling off, the eyes are a bit weird and the bottom of the feet patches are not stitched (they seem to be glued pieces of paper but a bit thicker). The tag is also different than the picture as it only says Super Mario with a white background in the front. It also doesn't have the hook to hang it on something as in the picture. I was very disappointed thinking that I was going to get the exact same thing as in the picture, what I got instead was a cheaply made plush. I could have gotten this plush for less than half the price. I gave the plush to my little brother, which he seems to enjoy. If you  expect to get the same thing as the picture, I suggest you take your money somewhere else.
Not as pictures  It's much skinnier than in the photo and not fluffy like a stuffed animal. My 2 y/o nephew is afraid of it but that's just his personal opinion.
Poorer quality than a carnival toy  Definitely returning this piece of junk. It's not worth $5, let alone the $28 that I spent. I didn't measure it, but the dimensions listed seem more generous than it actually is...it's quite small. The quality is awful, more like something that you would get as a booby prize at a carnival.
Disappointingly small and overpriced  Bought this as a Christmas gift for a friend and was really disappointed how small it was. I know if I had read the description I would have realized what I was getting into, but it looks like a pillow pet and for twenty bucks I couldn't have fathomed it would only be the size of my palm. Really embarrassing to gift this tiny plush to a super close friend for Christmas. I can't believe they can charge that much for basically a Pokmon beanie baby.
It came as a key chain, not what I anticipated.
Dead batteries  Cute idea but came with dead batteries.
Looked like it was used rather than new  Looked like it was used rather than new.  Looked dirty. Glove on left hand was not sewn and stuffing was showing. It was returned for a refund.
Seam ripped in minutes. Poorly made product.  My son couldn't wait to get this for his birthday. It ripped at the armpit literally within 5 minutes. Not just a slight tear. Full on seam failure. Major disappointment.
Low quality. Decoration. Not a toy.  Got these as a lightening deal and I'm not sure they are worth the discounted price.  Smile is off center. Hair bows at different lengths. Strings of glue all over. Much of this toy is glued rather than sewn together. The back of the head is bald. The face is styrofoam. Not happy with this purchase.
false advertising  The 2 toys we got were fine, but the listing has 5 toys and we only got the ice king and gunter. My daughter wanted the bemo and was sad she didn't get what she wanted.
Very disappointed
Is it new i hope ?
Not 11 inches!!!  Ordered this and expected it to be 11 inches. It was not even close to 11 inches. This is "beanie baby size!  You are LYING about the size of piglet.
i bought it and thought it would be the entire set not just one. don't buy
Wasn't a hit in my house  I thought this was cute but my kids never played with it.
The picture looks better!  I purchased this for a Christmas gift last year and was VERY dissapointed in the quality of this stuffed animal.  I knew it wasn't going to be very big, but the quality of the material reminded me of a toy you'd get from a Happy Meal or at a Carnival.  I ended up buying a better quality Stitch at the Disney store that was quite bigger and cheaper!
Purchased this for my five month old granddaughter for Christmas and it was her favorite toy.  In less than a month it quit working.  My daughter in law returned it and ordered another that arrived with the power button on the ear not working, but it could be turned on from the back so they kept it because they didn't want to hassle with another return.  Within a few weeks it quit working.  I requested another return and emailed the info to my daughter in law.  It was a few days before she got around to attempt to return it and when she tried to print the label she couldn't because it said that the return window had closed the day before.  I reported it broken before the return window closed, they should have let her return it.
It doesn't even look like the Funko plush
Disappointed  I bought this for my son around Christmas time planning to put it in his Easter basket. He's only 7 months old and not very rough on his toys. The seam in the neck has already ripped. I would not purchase again.
Don't waste your money on this flying piece of junk  I gave this to my older bro for Christmas. He loved it- until it broke! it only lasted for 5 stinking shots! He and I were very disappointed. Please do not wast your money on this piece of junk!
Sound broke quickly  The sound broke almost immediately. And it's small. But otherwise my son loves it. And he doesn't really mind about the sound.
NOT as described  This product is described as being 45 inches tall.  In fact, it is about 5 inches tall, roughly the size of a regular beanie baby.  Awful.
Disappointed  Got the set, but it is nowhere near 13". Very disappointed:(( False advertisement. They should have said that the blush toys ranges from 9-10 ".  They are cute, but wish they were at the sizes that the company put.
Ehhh not what I thought  Very low grade...doesn't look like the regular plush you would buy at the store.
Looked dirty!!  Shipped in a plastic bag. Small for the price. Looked dirty!!!
Bought for my wife who loves Gizmo. I figured for this price being as small as it is that it would be fairly good quality. Unfortunatly it is not the fur around the nose is pulling away already and i just opened the amazon box it came in its like the glue didn't hold, and this is happening in afew places. My opinion it is cute but unless it is going on a shelf to look at and not mess with i would hold off on this or check into a different Gizmo.
Battery acid all over the batters and did not work.
STUPID WAST Of MONEY.  So stupid. It does not look like the real minimums horse. very small for the price. I would not recommend buying this.
Not what I expected.  Product was not as depicted. Came to me from over seas.
The quality is no better than what you might win in a carnival  Very disappointing. This is so small and was so expensive. The quality is no better than what you might win in a carnival.
Arrived ripped in 2 different spots.
It's soft, but the stitching and stuffing is already coming out and the stuffing in its front two arms makes the arms turn almost upside down and stick out in an odd direction. No matter what I do I can't get the arms to face the right direction. It's face is poorly detailed and smushed in, unlike the photo.
HORRIBLE  Very disappointed. Would not work after two days of use.
It wasn't like the picture
dont get this its horrible  when my grandson brought this over it seemed to small and it was this thing is cheaply made and it just is the worst thing I got get the 24 dollar one
Dont like toy!  Barney is Very small, Thought it would be bigger for the price. Toy is not worth the 35 dollars!! Comparable to any 10 dollar toy at any retail Store around.
Scammers  Don't buy this piece of junk plush it's a fake they like ripping off hard working people definitely not what's in there pic it had no type of tags on it beware of Toy Crate unless you like giving away your money
Doesn't work with new Kindles  My daughter only had two items on her Christmas list. This and a Kindle. After doing my research I bought both. Imagine her disappointment on Christmas morning when the app for this over-priced toy wouldn't work. No where was it listed that the new generation Kindle wouldn't work with this app. Now we are stuck with an annoying little fur ball that doesn't do much of anything..........
Why so many good reviews?  Very cheap.  Not what was expected.  Have to pay shipping to return.  Not worth all this trouble.  Why so many good reviews?
too small and over priced,  I got this for my brothers birth day and was dissapointed
so I bought it at triple times of its tagged price... be aware
The eyes aren't level like in the picture  Quality seems kind of cheap, I wouldn't get it for a kid. The eyes aren't level like in the picture, I thought it was because of the head being at an angle but it's not
Very poor quality. Embarrassingly cheap  Very poor quality. Embarrassingly cheap. I ordered it as a gift and I'm too embarrassed by its cheapness to give it so I will be returning it.
NOT WORTH THE PRICE !  It is cute but definitely NOT cuddly as it is very very small! It is only about 6.5 inches tall. $50 is way too expensive for such a small sized plush toy. I don't understand the others' 5 star review. It would be okay if it was worth $10 (inc. shipping). I returned it. Spend your $50 on other toys! Or buy a fake non-Pokmon brand.
save your money  After being used in the way it was designed about 4 times, it fell apart.  What a waste.  Nothing like giving your kids the gift of heartbreak when their "cool" new toy falls to bits the same day.
Product was damaged  Upon receiving this little guy,  we noticed that on it's back  where the seam is, the stiching was coming apart; so much so that the stuffing was coming out. The next thing we noticed was the mustache was coming undone from the face as well. My wife had to sew it all back together.
Caterpillar, not a centipede!  Arrived looking different, & labeled as "caterpillar".
Didn't have the right  leg.
It is just a nice stuffed Barney which I'll have to use  There is nothing musical about it that we can tell.& that was one of the reasons this particular Barney was ordered. It is a birthday gift and not time to order another one. It is just a nice stuffed Barney which I'll have to use.
Sad  Sad it was so small!! Does not even look like a stuffed animal!! And for the price!! Just sick, and wrong
Inaccurate size description! A TINY 7 inches tall!  I was greatly disappointed in the size. Who ever wrote the sizing description for this ludo plush for it completely wrong! I measured the plush as soon as I received it and it stands at a disappointing 7 inches! It's not even close to 9 inches tall.
My boo-boo on this one.  Did not read full description of product before ordering.  Item was too small for my intended usage.  I returned it and got something larger.
Poor stitching.  Don't buy.  A week after owning it, it ripped.  My wife sewed it up and then it ripped again in a different spot.  Really cheaply made.  Even with light play from older kids.  Don't buy.
Bootleg Don't buy!!!!  I just got it and it came from china. Don't buy it from Regrow please! It's a waste of money!!!
My son loved it, but after one day the freaking arm fell off of it.  Poorly stitched together with even crappier material.  You could get a better stuffed animal for half the price at walmart or something.
Dont waste your money  Horrible! Worked for 2 songs and then it just stopped.
did no like however i gave it to a friend's son and he loved it.
Not as pictured  The giraffe I received is not the one pictured. It isn't nearly as cute. I would not recommend this purchase.
Buy Something Else  Elmo arrived on time from the seller, but the item was just okay, if not down right disappointing.  It is small and overpriced compared to other Gund stuffed animals available on Amazon.  I would have returned it if I did not need it right away for a toy drive.  Thank goodness I had ordered other toys to go along with the donation.
it was kinda fat
Disappointed  Very disappointed.  After a great trip to Monticello my daughter wanted a mockingbird like Thomas Jefferson, and we found this one that looked just like the one the tour guide had.  Unfortunately, after 40 minutes of gentle play, my daughter is seven, the bird stopped making the bird noise.  Very, very disappointing!!
Waste of money  Does not work.  Waste of money.
Inaccurate and incomplete - Don't waste your money  I bought this to measure my 3 month old infant and she grows, because I can lay her on top of it and measure her length. My first disappointment was that it starts at 24 inches. So I placed her head at the 24 inch mark and her heel came to the 50 inch mark, so 26 inches long - >99th percentile!  I knew she was big but that didn't sound right at all, so I stretched a tape measure next to the markings on the growth chart, and found that 26 inches on the growth chart is actually only 24.25 inches. Extremely inaccurate. Not worth the money.  Unless you want to convince people your kid is a lot taller than they actually are. If it makes my 3 month old almost 2 inches taller, then my 5 year old would be 3-4 inches taller on this growth chart.
Looks nothing like what was advertized  Looks nothing like what was advertized. My daughter ordered this with her allowance money and she was very disappointed when she saw it. I wish I would have looked at the other reviews before I let her order it. Live and learn I guess.
Poor quality
Order extra if you need the exact amount listed!  The kids will like them but the package only had 17 in it so I am missing one of the Emojis. Just a pain to do a head count and order accordingly and still come up short when delivery is made.
Very Poorly Made  I recently purchased this specific GIZMO for my daughter. Within hours of unwrapping her gift, the toy began to fall apart. Hands coming off etc... Seriously, if you can find another GIZMO made by someone else, spend the extra couple of bucks, and buy it. Do not buy this one.
Faulty Assemblage on Failed Plush  gizmos foot fell off a week and a half after i received it for my son, then slowly the fabric of where his foot feel started to peel and shred apart.
I don't know if this was a true Disney store item. Dress edges were frayed, and stitching was already coming loose. Amazon customer service took care of us though.
don't like these.  soft bodies - hard heads. don't like these.
Its smaller than expected and feels cheap. I hope its not counterfeit.
Plushie looks the same as the picture shown, but when I received it, it was ripped around the neck. I'm not content with the product.
voice did not work on it.
Mine looks nothing like the one pictured
Very disappointing
Too Small for the price  When ordering this I really thought the size of the product would be a lot bigger.  I was highly disappointed when I opened the box and saw how small it was.  If I had any idea of how small the product I would have never ordered it.  It is very small for $45 and not anywhere near worth the price I paid for it.  I do not recommend!
Obviously of very poor quality, overstuffed  Knockoff. Obviously of very poor quality, overstuffed. Returning it right away.
It was a funny toy, but my dog had it entirely ripped apart and all of the stuffing out of it within 5 minutes of having it.
She is not like the plush one at the Disney store
VERY DISAPPOINTED!!  Not as described. Less than 6" tall. Not worth $20!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!
So so  One of the doll's eyes are scratched and it looks to be in somewhat used condition despite the tag being on it.
I wish I could give this a better review. I originally ordered this for my son  I wish I could give this a better review. I originally ordered this for my son, and we were so excited when the package arrived. However, when we opens the clearly labeled monsters inc doll.... we opened it to find, "Squirt" from Finding Nemo. Very disappointing to say the least.
The device inside to make the dinosaur roar isn't in the best place either  MUCH smaller than expected. The device inside to make the dinosaur roar isn't in the best place either.
This toy came nicely wrapped but it doesnt work and I went it to another country and I cant even replace it !!!
Low quality, face is all messed up  This Elmo doll is a mess. There are patches missing fur and the arms are not even on the two sides. The face is all crooked. This is the embarassing elmo that stays in the car. Pathetic!!!
It seemed that this was a used toy which I didn't expect.  I heard the package being delivered because it was literally thrown inside my garage in a puddle of water. Glad I was home to pull it out of the puddle.
Love/hate relationship.  Let me start off by saying, my 6 month old daughter has loved this toy for months. It kept her well entertained during diaper changes and always made her smile. The rhymes are sweet and flow nicely. Those are the only reasons it deserves the two stars it gets. I got this as a shower present probably in October last year. My sweetheart was born in November. At first she thought the goose was terrifying so it wasn't even used for the first 2 or three months we had it but that is normal for new things with newborns. After she decided she liked it, it probably wasn't even a month later when it started glitching. I thought it needed a battery change, so I changed them and it worked again for maybe another week and it started glitching again! It was so sad seeing my daughter smile at it every time we went for a change while she anticipated the story and the goose would stop somewhere through the story. Here we are at having the goose maybe 7 months and it finally quit working altogether. This would have been a great product if the just would have worked on its durability.
Small Abominable Snowman  I brought this Abominable Snowman  , for a gift to my daughter ( she is a adult)........she loves abominable. I thought he would be bigger. This is a VERY  HARD TOY TO  FIND .........ANYWHERE!!!! It arrived quickly..in 4 days it was here,he was all plastic wrapped up . He can  do without the gold star.
Cheap material, low quality  Low quality, stitching on back started coming apart on third day.
very disappointed!!  So poorly made, very disappointed!!!
Didn't work  I bought a second one of these because my first was a big hit. This one came broken and didn't make the noise when it struck something. It was too much effort to go through the return process.
ordered for my kid  Item fall apart way too quickly! no value for the money I paid All in all not happy with this item in anyway
Very disappointed in the craftsmanship in this item  Ugh, I should of listened to the reviews. They said theres was from a different seller so I gave it a chance. They were right, the Pokemon isn't sewn all the way around between the top of the egg and the head. It's only stitched in a few spots to attempt to hold it together. Very disappointed in the craftsmanship in this item.
Very fun, but wish they were more comfy  Very fun, but wish they were more comfy.  Thin bottoms and the plastic-y material lining the insides made the slippers uncomfortable to walk in
Extremely disappointed!!!  A simple stuffed animal, that my son ordered for a friend as a Christmas present. Very Poor packaging! (It showed up in a labeled plastic bag, so it was smashed and all the felt was creased from shipping.) It took weeks to arrive, and didn't even ship until after it was supposed to arrive. Also after careful inspection, a seam wasn't even sewed showing a hole about 1 inch long. Overall one of my worst experiences with Amazon to date...bummer.
A Piece of Crap!  A piece of crap! It stopped working after a few days and as so hard and heavy if it fell on my German Shepherd it would give him brain damage!
Not worth it  Not a quality product. I was afraid to give it to my grandchildren.
Dirty rejects  The beanie babies I received were dirty.  One was oil-stained.  A couple had animal hair on them.  No one should sell plush toys in this condition.  There were two of the same, but in different colors.  The beanie babies were not cute--they looked like they came from a leftover bin of rejects.  I'm writing this review bc it took time out of my day to return this.  So I hope to save you some time and aggravation.  I went to a big box craft store and found brand new beanie babies for the same price.
I do love this elephant but I am appalled that the price has gone up so much! A few weeks ago these were less than $7 and were a great buy! I hope they will be going back to that price because then I will be buying more.
nose fell off 2 days after we received it
Kids loved it when it was working  It's too bad. My 17 months old twin loved it when they saw it. It hugged and sang the first few hours. Then it stopped working! If I hit the battery box a few times or turn the switch off/on, sometimes it would get Elmo to hug and sing again --only have to repeat the same trick over again! It's not the batteries because I switched to brand new batteries a few times.  While I was at a toy store last week, I saw two people returning the same Elmo for the same reason!! Maybe there is a bad batch. Not worth your money.  Better to get plain plush Elmo instead!
This arrived in plastic shrink wrap, which crushed everything, including the crown. I was very devastated to see this. Everything was smashed.
Soooo Disappointed!!!  Soooo Disappointed!!! This dog is about the size of JUST my palm...and I have reeeeally tiny hands  Guess I was under the impression it would bigger... Came squashed. Not happy
When it arrived it looked dirty
I was sent the wrong toy  I was sent the Anna Coin Purse instead of the 20 inch plush doll and they wouldn't let me return it.
Thought it was going to be of better quality. The eyes were just like a sticker type of material, not sewn on.
never again  Took 7 additional days to get here. Crazy small. Do not waste your money.
The toy did not work at all. Very upset in this product.
Doesn't last.  Love the glow worm by after only 6 Months of intermittent use it is dead. New batteries don't fix it. Disappointed.
Very disappointed.  I must say that the concept behind this toy is good but the execution was terrible.  Cookie Monster is cute--especially his singing voice--and he is perfectly sized for toddlers, but that's where any positive factors end for me.  My grandson is two and he could not pull the right arm over to the mouth well enough to get Cookie Monster to start singing.  Also, if you let go of the arm, the volume drops dramatically.  No way can a young child hold the arm in that position for any length of time.  My grandson tried so hard to keep pulling the arm so Cookie Monster would sing that he pulled the microphone off the second day.  He would get frustrated and throw the toy on the ground and start crying.  Maybe I'm way off here, but I don't buy toys to make children cry in frustration.  Having a button on the microphone to activate Cookie Monster would have been a much better idea.  Now Cookie Monster sits in the corner sans microphone going unused.  At least he comes with batteries.  Also, if you do buy, don't forget to flip the switch on the battery case from demo to play.
I received the wrong item.
Buy yesterday's technology today!  Fisher price is a reputable toy company with lots of innovative ideas and this CAN be one of them if and when it works. The killer app here is of course, the fact that the doll will remember you child's name and incorporate that into the speech.  The problem is that these dolls were discontinued several years ago.  The software has not been updated since.  So it will NOT work on Vista, or the upcoming Windows 7 (as tested on RC1). The last software it will work on is probably Windows 98; therefore buying this doll means that you essentially have to maintain a computer with an old operating system (unless you happen to have an old pc lying around).  There are several versions of Elmo and other characters, it may be necessary to check each one to see if it will work your computer.  Given the high costs of each of these dolls, this can become a very expensive and frustrating enterprise!  These dolls are great if you can find one, pay the high prices, and get them to work.  Shame on fisher price on not maintaining them, and having such a short service life for their products.
Not worth 3/4 of what it is being sold for!!!  Don't know if I misread the description, but it is tiny.  About 6"x6".  Worth about $6 not $20.  Would not buy again.
When they advertise a totally different size in the "answered questions" section (I think it said 40+ inches) & when you finally receive the package it's only about 13" I guess this is considered "LARGE" size by Chinese standards!
12"  It says it is 14.5". I ordered two Pete the Cats for $30 and it is about 12" I'm really unhappy with the difference I thought I should be expecting larger plushes and these do not fit the bill!!
Only recieved dvd.
Not as described.
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED WITH SIZE AND EMBARRASED TO GIVE IT TO MY GRAND-DAUGHTER  Of course the picture makes it seem larger and not really taking out a measuring tape I did not expect such a SMALL item despite its stated 8" description. Compared to the larger ones in the stores the pricing is outrageous and to costly to return
Do not buy, TOTAL fake  I ordered this cute pichu as a Christmas present for one of my friends and it doesn't even look like the same pichu in the picture. Won't buy it again!!
We never received the item. We received a box of razor blades and calming cream instead.
Disappointed  It was soooo small and cheap I bought dr mcstuffin plush animals @ $5.00 each at target and they have so much more quality to them , much larger for less$$$$
Helium Tank Barney  Its about 8inches yall, and sounds like Barney swallowed a helium tank. My daughter didn't care for it so Im returning it tomorrow.
Should have looked at the size  THIS PLUSH IS EXTREAMLY SMALL a week after I had purchased I found the same one but muuuchhhh bigger in a local fredmyers (Kroger) for cheaper I would look in local stores first
This does not look anything like a Tonberry from Final fantasy  Who ever made this Tonberry has obviously never played Final Fantasy, For a start they are green not blue and secondly they don't have clawd feet??? and what is with his face? this doll is a joke! Tonberrys are kinda cute (even though they can kill you in one hit) this doll is UGLY...  Look at this picture  <...>  now look at this doll......  His knife actually looks more like a builders trawl.  The person who left the review before this has obviosly never played final fantasy either, and if I brought my girlfriend this doll she would NOT find it cute in any way..  Its cheap and nasty, pay the extra few quid for a Tonberry that actually looks like a Tonberry you cheap joker.
Not great  Doesn't really look like Eevy, not a licensed product. I wouldn't pay the $ unless very cheap
It took 1 week to arrive even though it was prime!!Fail Fail Fail. Also couple of the stitches were broken
False information  I bought an 11 inch plushie and got a 7 inch talkable sadness doll... Seriously?
He enjoys working and building things with his grandfather and I thought it would be a nice gift and 8 is a good age for childre  Ok theres the thing. I bought this as a brithday gift for an 8 year old. He enjoys working and building things with his grandfather and I thought it would be a nice gift and 8 is a good age for children understand about tools, their uses, care, and safety. I bought it thinking it would be a good started set for him. I opened it up and had to laugh. Though it's a decent quality set, it is way to small for and 8 year or for that matter, his 5 year old brother. They would look at it and say this is a toddler toy. This is a toy that looks like it was made for a 2 or 3 year old, only thing is, I wouldn't give a toddler a real tool set. What does a 2 or 3 year old need with or even know what a hammer or sceaw driver is for other to run around with it. The saw, yet not very sharpe is still as sharp as a steak knife.  This toy is meant for an age group that is to young to understand tools and their uses and a child old enough to have something like this would think it a toddler toy. Very age inappropriate.
you shipped it ripped :(
do not talk
As described as far as color/size. This is a very low quality toy that one would expect to win at a carnival. One leg was ripped almost completely off at the seam. I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my son and had the leg mended vs returning.
Too Big  I didn't realize the size of this stuffed animal when I got if for my 7 month old.  I guess if it was a little bit smaller and not the size of him, we may be a little more fond of it.  Guess we will hold on to it until he is a little older.
The quality is bad but it is awesome but its tearing so much  Annoying
These stuffed animals are poorly made fell apart in a day.
so good luck getting this exact one that's pictured  I did not get exactly what I was expecting. From the reviews I've seen, the Pikachu's are kind of random, so good luck getting the exact one that's pictured. This is the one I got:
Why did the price double?!  Loved my original, went to go buy more and the price more than doubled! Very disappointed!!
Don't buy it if it is not for a kid  When I got the cup in the mail today it had a lot of scratches and the color was off on some parts. It does look cute but also really cheap I wish I wouldn't have ordered it but now it is going to be a gift for a friends kid.
Disappointed.  The Dumbo I received did not look as pictured.  It was trunk up and I specifically wanted to purchase one with trunk down to replace one lost by my daughter.  She is still very upset it is not the same.  :(
Not even 1 day!  In less tan 24 hs it was al unsewn.  Very poor quality.
terrible sewing face all messed up
not as advertised  My daughter like the toy fine. She was disappointed though that we ordered the Christmas Rat with the hat and instead got a Valentines Rat with a heart in his hands that says "love bites". Kind of inappropriate for a 6 year old that just wanted a stuffed rat in a hat.
not soft  not soft, small. not cuddly
Waste of money  Meh, my daughter loves that it is elmo but I could have saved some money and bought a smaller non "hugging" elmo.  Elmo hugging is just a little off.  He does not hug when he should and he constantly says he is going to sleep.  Would not recommend, would recommend buying a smaller plush.
Bad.
Fell Apart by just holding it  its really cute, then I took it out of the bag and the foot fell off. Its so cheaply made that I would have found it at a claw machine game at Wal-Mart. What a waste of money. all of its hard parts are badly glued into its fabric.
Broke after one use! Wont stay lit up. Dont buy! Not waterproof as described, which defeats the purpose.
paid to much  I thought it was bigger, will look more carefully next tine seriously not worth that price.
Fake
The one shaker I received is cute and will be a hit with my daughter, but I did not receive the second shaker.  Also, it is clear that this was either returned or tampered with because it was not attached to the package (the plastic tie had been cut so the shaker and cardboard back were loose in a bag -- it was bizarre).  This is the strangest Amazon package I have received.
bad experience  Never buy this toy from anywhere unless its from Prime..bad experience
FAKE! Not an authentic Disney Store toy. Fake tags, and an odd smell. Returning immediately.
Wayyyy to small for the price. I paid $22 for this and expected so much more. It's tiny. Maybe I should have checked the exact size but I kinda just went by the picture cause I was in a hurry, was thinking for $22 it must be decent. Nope. Don't buy, at least not for $22. Not that an inch really matters but I did measure and it's 6 inches not 7.
Decent but rips easy  Rips to easy, already repaired once in first 30 days.
Horrible product !!!!!!!  First of all, let me start by saying that the picture of the "three" dolls is very misleading. It gives the costumer a wrong expectation. I was actually expecting something bigger and better than what I got ! Thanks a lot !!! Waste of money . DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
Minnie Mouse is as advertised. But I did not receive Mickey Mouse
Don't waste your money it's ultra tiny.  Super tiny for the price, I am very disappointed. I bought as a gift so I can't send it back but I suggest looking elsewhere to get more baby for your buck. It's barely bigger than my hand :(
Item received is poor quality.  Item sent is not the item in the picture. Item received is poor quality.
it never arived at all
Dissapointed  I was very disapointed with this product. It's poorly put together. After I got it in the mail, I opened the plastic bag it was in to find that the key blade chain charm had already fallen off. With further inspection I found that the entire outfit was just ready to fall apart.
Wrong Item Received  Received wrong item. Very disappointed because this was supposed to be a gift for a Hawaiian luau party this weekend. Ordered Aloha Hawaiian Stitch but received the plan angry eyes Stitch.
I saw much bigger ones at the Giant for only 11, felt I pd too much
Eyes are hard plastic, fur was shredded. Not Gund!  I ordered this based on other reviews, which said it was a plush Gund with no hard pieces. What I received was labeled "Nanco", not Gund. The Elmo had hard hollow plastic eyes like ping pong balls, and the fur was already shredded all over the inside of the mouth. I could not give this to my toddler, and I immediately sent it back.
If I had not had another glo worm prior, my review would be the same. My mother got our newest baby one of these for Christmas. I typically hate the cliche lullaby sounds and in this type of sound. But I actually enjoyed it and my baby loved it, too. Well a little while ago, it stopped working properly. It would stop playing, stutter, and the light would shut off randomly. We tried looking for more at the store my mom got it from with no luck; seems to be always out of stock. Tried others. No luck. So we came to Amazon. It was on sale and the next day it went up in price. So we held off for a bit and finally decided to get one since the price wasn't changing. Well the music is completely different and sounds pretty crappy in comparison, in terms of how clear it is. Different face. The plush part is considerably less firm. I thought I'd get the same exact product. This definitively isn't the same glo worm and I really don't like it. Going to give it a couple days of thought, as I may be a tad ticked over another mediocre product received today.
Not Ellie  Did not receive Ellie as indicated in picture. Received Elliot which is blue and we already have.
Small plush so naturally the shipping felt like a waste of money  Small plush  so naturally the shipping felt like a waste of money.
horrible.  they look like rats  I almost cried when I received this shipment.  The dogs look like rats or even worse.  for the price I wasn't expecting much but I was expecting to receive dogs and not ugly rats.
Not what it looks like  Was disappointed with this one does not look like the pictured item. I think pictures say alot.
toy is not same in picture  I searched a number of sights to make sure the doll I purchased -was the exact doll I wanted because there are a number of different versions...their picture shows the doll with a plastic like face(what I was looking for) however the package recieved was a doll with a flat,painted on face-(what I was exactly trying to avoid) I am very sad-I did not get what I ordered-Customer service did apologize-but it is not worth spending the return postage for an exchange of the right one- I asked them to correct the picture as it is misleading. Maybe they will send me the right version-as a christmas gift-if they do-I will donate the two I purchased to charity.
This was a Christmas gift we ordered very early. When we gave it to our grandson it Did not work and the battery compartment was severely corroded.  The return deadline was a month before Christmas
Not at all like the description  This is NOT 12" like advertised. I emailed them asking for the right size to be sent to me, and they said this is the correct size, it is just measured differently.... The best they could do was offer me $3 as compensation... hardly worth it. Don't bother buying this if you're looking for a larger sized stuffy, this is at most 8" in length, if that.
My 13 month old daughter received this for Christmas and has quickly become obsessed with it. The problem is, we can't download the software since their site got hacked. While I appreciate them fixing the problem before letting us back, it says mid-January, and it is now past that point.  Without the software, the bear quickly become repetitive, emphasizing that Valentine's Day is coming up and asking if she has a Valentines (which I think she is a little young for!). But - it is now her favorite stuffed toy as she loves pressing the heart and has figured out all of his paws do different things.  Curious as to how she (and I) will enjoy it once it does what it is supposed to do.
Several areas of paint on fur missing chunks of color.
Super tiny! :(  These are really really tiny! I'm not happy about the price per size of these stuffed things. Hope my nephew enjoys them a whole lot more than I do.
Different from picture  The eevee is different from the picture...
Quality not worth the $$  Good size but not as soft as I expected... The cardboard mouth makes you wonder if it will actually hurt a very active toddler and I guess throwing it in the wash is out of the question. Overall, I feel the quality isn't worth the $.
feels like a crappy toy you "win" at the fair  No part of this is "plush" very cheap material and texture, feels like a crappy toy you "win" at the fair. This should have cost $3.99.
It at least resembles rayquaza but is low on quality
NOT 9 INCHES!  This is NOT 9 inches! It is 5.5 inches. It is close to the size of the one you can get for your keychain. I received this product and sent it back immediately! You can get one 5 times the size for the price!
Small sad
Product had damaged box, and stuffing was poking from the seams
Not the same as in the picture!  Not the same as in the picture! Looks like a snail to me. I got the 6.5 inch one. Not the one I wanted. But still cute
PASS
The picture does not come close to the sorry excuse of product I bought. The digi legs give it away the most. This is really pathetic. Amazon why should I use you of your going to let people sell knock offs?
So disappointed.  The package was wide open and missing Muno so I had to return it. So disappointed.
Eyes did not light up.  This skeletron soft plush looked as it should, but the eyes did not light up. Very disappointing.
Bought this toy for my son. Picture makes it look a lot bigger than it really is.
It was hard to get Elmo to sit in the right spot on the potty so that the potty recognized elmo was on it.  So Elmo kept saying he was having an accident when he was actually sitting on the potty.  The idea is cute but the execution....eh
Not this one.  I love the scentCo line of products, but this didn't have a strong smell. You have to get very close to it and take a big sniff to smell anything and even then it's faint.. Don't waste your money, get a different scented plush.
Not 20 inches as advertised!  The doll I received is not 20 inches. It's more like 36in. It's the full length of my arm. I think it's supposed to be a pillow pal. Detail is minimal. I'll keep it for my daughter... Maybe. It's a big disappointment and I'm still on the hunt for the 20 inch Elsa.
Poor  Extremely poor. Toy was not 11" as described but measured approx 4". Will go straight to Disney Store in future.
Not for me  I bought this stuffed animal thinking it was larger than it turned out to be. I was buying it as a gift for my sick nephew & it wasn't what I was looking for. It was my fault, not the sellers. I did return it, but only because it was smaller than what I needed.
I received the small little 5" doll and not the 9" one.
Cheaply made!  The headband arrived on time but I was very disappointed with the quality of this product!  The ears and antlers are sewn on crooked and the one side does't stand up straight!  I needed them for halloween so there was no time to exchange them, I might just have to return it?  Very bummed!!!
Horrible!!!!  This Barney stinks! Wow! I've never hear such a scrappy sounding Barney. Do yourself a favor and order from toysrus....you will at least get the right voice1
Wrong Brand!  This item is advertised as being from Pokmon Center Japan. However, I received an entirely different Pumpkaboo from the TOMY brand. This probably wouldn't have been a big deal if it was bought for a kid,  but I bought it to go with  my Official Pokmon Center plush collection. I'm really disappointed, as I waited for over a week for the item to arrive and now I have to return it. :(
Received WRONG Joy doll.  Bought the talking Joy doll for my granddaughter for Christmas because she loved the movie and thought she would get a kick out of hearing Joy's positive messages. I instead received the non-talking Joy doll which I could have bought elsewhere for a lot less $$$. Now my granddaughter will get her present AFTER Christmas. NOT a happy grandpa!
No true size  They are 3" big not 5" super unhappy about purchase. I hope my 12 year old is not as disappointed  as I am!
Cute but to expensive for a small plush
Cheaply made  This doll fell apart within 15 minutes of my daughter receiving it (and she was playing with it gently).  I was very disappointed.
Waste of money  Never worked from the get go. Waste of money.
My daughters are convinced this does not smell anything like pizza, but rather something that I won't mention here.  It's cute, but they are all very ... put off ... by the scent.
Cute, but even though it was wrapped in plastic the plush did not talk.  Not sure yet if the batteries are dead or if it is just broken.
Don't bother!  Thank goodness I bought this for $5 at Job Lot.  After taking it out of the box, you had to push his tummy several times to get him to talk (just alot of mechanical noises) - thought it was the batteries - replaced the SIX batteries and does the same thing.  You need to press his stomach AT LEAST five times for him to start giggling/bending/falling!  ...No toddler is willing to wait around for that.  When he does fall and giggle, your toddler will come back with excitement but by that time, the fun is over and good luck trying to get Cookie Monster to do it again while you have your toddlers attention.
Did not work. Tried two sets of batteries.  Did not work.  Tried two sets of batteries.
Ear missing!  Mine is missing an ear. I have trouble believing this is new and not used. It may have been purchased and returned before it made its way to me.
Very disappointed!  Doesn't look like the picture. Mine was in a sitting position, and the stitching was really bad.
if you are looking for something that looks exactly like the pic  The doll sent is not the same as the doll pictured. Although it is a nicer doll made by disney, if you are looking for something that looks exactly like the pic, this is not the one.
If you are a collector of movie memorabilia, recommended....  If this is a present for someone do not waste your time.  Its smaller than advertised and it looks like the fur was glued on by a 5 year old.  Its a neat collectible but when mass produced by China, it finished product looks awful.  Do not waste the 16 bucks on it.
Way to small  Looks like picture ...... it's beanie baby small though like you could win it outta one of the 25 cent claw machines
too small.  not to size
Tiny
the head keeps coming off
Go with the pricier one  Not what I expected. It really doesn't look like the picture abbr it's not like the one I've seen in the stores. Very cheap.
Poor quality toy, likely a knockoff  I was very unhappy with the quality of the Vaporeon toy I received. Not only was there a ripped seam in the tail and loose threads all over the toy, but the front legs were sewn on completely rotated inward and facing each other. It doesn't look like the displayed image whatsoever and I believe this to be yet another knockoff product, unfortunately. While I contacted the seller about this and did receive a refund, I'm very disappointed that I won't have the gift I intended to give my niece for her birthday if there are no legitimate sellers on Amazon.
Is this a joke?  This little Elmo is a joke. We paid $10 for an awful looking elmo that looks like it's been played with and left out in the sun for 10 years. Super disappointed. Returning asap
Poor Choice  Did not do what was advertised....any noise coming from this "machine" was unrecognizable. No directions were enclosed. Just a bad choice overall.
Disappointing and over-priced!  This was the most disappointing, over-priced toy that I have ever purchased! It was poorly made, very small, and a complete waste of my money! I am just glad I was able to return it for a full refund! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS, IT IS WORTHLESS!
Nice one
The plush looked nothing like it did in the picture  The plush looked nothing like it did in the picture. The eyes are too far apart and on the wrong angle, the nose is too high and the mouth too low. The red dot looks cheap.
GENERIC / NOT ORIGINAL DISNEY  I have ordered an Original Disney item and I have received a GENERIC one!!! I am so dissapointed because I have barely a couple of days to come up with a gift for a little child and now I have to return it and wait again!!! It looks so different to the one we already have wich is a DISNEY!!! His eyes, mouth and tail do not look like they are disigned by a Disney artist. Very dissapointed and sad. I have returned and still not refunded!!!
too small overall.  I thought it would be bigger. I didn't really pay attention to the size description. Also, the length on the buckles are too short - they should be a little longer for more room in length for toddlers with little hands and fumbling fingers. The buckles parts could be bigger too for that same reason! I am thinking about returning it.
Extremely Small!!!!
Smaller than expected.  Small.
Beep less  My grandson likes this but the beep beep only worked for a short time
I'm not sure how this is 13" but compared to my 12" spotted hyena made by wild republic, this 13" is tiny and slightly deformed.
buying this on ebay? THINK AGAIN!  DONT BUY THIS ON EBAY . I bought this on ebay . its leg came off after a few days , but that was when I realized that it wasn't fully sewed. it had stuffing sticking out in very tiny amounts. and lets not start on that $ amount
Junk it's a fake
Not what the description states  While this is very colorful and bright, this surely doesn't meet the description for size as listed.  it says that it's 10".  It barely measures 6.  I feel it has poor description and is a bit over priced for what I actually received.
the first one I received was broken (fast and easy return/exchange) and the second didn't last very long either  I wanted this for my son because I had one when I was young.  The quality is not the same at all, the first one I received was broken (fast and easy return/exchange) and the second didn't last very long either.  It does have a soft glow which I liked but the button was too sensitive and eventually just got stuck in the on position which killed the battery.  I moved and this toy didn't make the cut, hopefully whoever received the donation enjoys it as a stuffed animal.
Amazon packaging might be to blame for lack of motion.  The product is cute; the sound quality is great. However, only one snowman danced and it stopped the second time I played the song. The fault may be womith AMAZON for the way it was crammed into a box that was the wrong size. I can imagine that the figure is not supposed to be smashed into a box in a way that would tear up the wires in thee figure.
This product came damaged. His left arm is barley hanging on by a thread. Very did appointed.
It was cute  Although it has its good quality it is smaller than what it says. I also had delayed shipping, and my package was damaged.
Parts Are Filled With Little Beads  This is a well made, beautiful toy. Very soft and plush. However, the ears and feet are filled with little beads. Whyyyy? Was going to give this to a toddler, but now I'm going to have to cut the ears and feet open, drain out the beads, and sew it back up.
he is NOT the cutest. dog in the world  he is NOT the cutest dog in the world!
Too pricey for what you get...  For 40+ dollars I expected more... It's nice I guess but I wouldn't have payed more than 21.99 for it... 2/5 stars it came all smashed in the box and the flower was pressed downward..
Not 8 inches tall!!! Poor quality!!!  They are smaller than my other 8in paw patrol stuffies the quality is very poor I am disappointed! Do not waste your money, your child will just cry when they fall apart.
Cheap  Looked like it waa cheaply made and sou d of music coming from doll was garbled.
Green.  Green hair and the face looks a bit off.
I received a very bad copy, I am angry, I copy images of what I received and it does not look like what they offer.  I received a very bad copy, I am angry, I copy images of what I received and it does not look like what they offer.
Arrived damaged.
Poor quality.  It looks likes someone took a brown bear and painted the black markings.  Also arrived without the cape.  Very disappointed.
The potty is too big.  Elmo won't stay on the potty.  It's sad to see my daughter try numerous times to put this doll on the potty only to watch it fall every time.  Awful!
Didnt want a baby laughing.  Wanted a grown person laughing   Sounds silly
Hard to push, hard to hear.  It never gets really loud and it's really hard to press.  My son can't push it hard enough for it to emit much of a sound
not happy  First off it took a month to be delivered. The face had black marks on it, oil or something. And the back side was coming unraveled. Not happy to be giving this as a present for Christmas.
Fake!! Not the real thing  This is a fake!! Don't waste your money. It's a expensive knockoff.
Not what I was hoping for.  Was hoping to use this to decorate my son's wilderness-themed nursery. The pic online looked super cute. But what came in the mail was vastly different. And rather creepy. Very disappointed in the product but seeing as it was only $15 bucks, not really worth spending money to return it. See the pics below.
Does not work - and I am not the only one.  I tried to download the information to Elmo from my computer on two different systems (Windows 2000 and Windows XP Pro).  It gets to the end and won't finish, telling me there is an error.  I wasted too much time on a poor product.  Don't believe me?  Do your own Web search and see the complaints.
The plushie didn't look like the one in the picture.
I hope the child I bought it for is not disappointed.  It's not what I expected. I don't like the material. The fact that it was made in China and not in the United States of America is disappointing.
I love all the Bunnies By The Bay shaggy plush toys and have most of them in my collection. This little guy is beyond shaggy looking and just looks like he has been run over by a truck. Not cute at all.
Defective upon arrivel  Arrived with stuffing coming out. Happy 12 burthday, kiddo here's your broken favorite character.
Needs new batteries after less than 20 minutes!  My kids love this, but it is driving us nuts! It does not follow the remote controls at all. It seems to have a mind of its own. Also, lots of other reviewers have mentioned it stopped working, ours has too, until I put new batteries in. Three days in a row it has required new batteries to work and we turn the bottom switch off after each use (which are like 10 minutes twice a day)
Not really plush  It's not soft and cuddly. It matches my sons room but he prefers a fleece bear and frog over this.
CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP QUALITY  This was perfect!!! until two minutes into my daughter playing with it the guts was all over the floor. This is perfect in size and accuracy of the character. However a good amount of sewing is involved. Just more S%$@ that comes out of China. How hard is it to sew!!!!!  It has now been two weeks and I just finally through it in the garbage. What a waste of money!! Not to mention my daughters broken heart.
Broke after 2 days  Bought this as a Christmas gift for my kid. The furby worked great for about 2 days.  Since then it won't exit sleep mode.  Resets and all.
White Dalek  Suppose my son should have read the description much better...expensive for something so small and that didn't do much...entirely our fault, won't happen again.
Dog Toy  This was suppose to be a gift for my 3 yr old grandson that asked Santa for one,  but I gave it to my dog.  Now the rush to find one of good quality to get delivered on time.  Very poorly made.
I would not recommend buying this product  This never worked right and has not worked for almost a year. I would not recommend buying this product.
The chamander was poorly out together his face is way off and his mouth doesn't match up. Awful.
Not only is Charlie Brown pretty small with a damaged stripe on his sweater but the "music" he plays is NOTHING you hear on Charlie Brown's Christmas OR any other Christmas show or song- - -it sort of sounds like Asian music and coincidentally it's made in China. This is a gift, how embarrassing and disappointing!
does not match description  item does not match description. it says 10" x 12" x 6", I'd say that it is half of that. still a cute toy but for the price this isn't worth it. I feel like there must be a larger one and that they shipped the wrong one.
disappointed to the least  I purchased this item on June 6th and still haven't received it and it July 20th today, my son is so upset, I emailed the seller and got no response, when I tried to track my package it shows the tracking number doesn't exist, disappointed to the least, out my money and have a very sad 7 year old
A Seam Immediately did the Splits  Super cute, but the back seam split open after some light playing. We got it for our nephew as a gift, and his mother was able to repair it, but it was a pretty embarrassing situation. Be wary of shoddy workmanship.
Very poor quality  The second day my daughter had the Elmo toy the stitching on his back came apart and I had to sew it back together. Not happy with the craftsmanship!! But my daughter loves the toy.
miss leading the size
Hoppy Bunny needs a Hip Replacement  This toy lasted two days. My son loved it and it worked until he gave it a toddler-sized hug. Then, it started to make an ugly mechanical noise. When my husband took it apart to fix it, he discovered that the leg apparatus brushes up against the central gear inside in such a way that it easily comes undone. In other words, if my son were to hug it (or even pick it up in the wrong way) the bunny is toast. Don't waste your money on a toy that doesn't even stand up to normal child handling, and one that is adorable enough for your kid to get attached to only to break!
Me falto un mueco!!!!!
Too small and not scented much.
Doubled the price overnight. No thank you.  I had this item on my baby registry twice for my twins. I was about to go ahead and buy them myself one night but then decided I would just do it the next morning with a large order. They were about $7 each before I went to bed, then I wake up and they're almost $15 each!! Ridiculous, I'll find another stuffed animal for my twins.
Way too small for the price
Barney doll  For 34.00$ it was ridiculous. The doll is approx 11 inches tall. Although very cute and works well it is not a good buy for the price. 15.00 would have been a high price but 34.00$-crazy!!!
Not good for me  Seems like I received a defective product. 1. The left handle is too much inserted and seems like smaller than the right one. 2. The tail stopped moving 2nd day. 3. The screw which fits the horse feet to the wooden base won't connect properly. And is uneven.  The only reason I did not return this because my little daughter did not allow me to do so.
Inaccurate Product Description!  This product is no 7.5 inchs in height... it's 5" max. I ended up returning it.
Disfigured, Poorly made Mario...  Shipping was much faster than expected. But that is the only positive thing I have to say about this transaction. I received a very deformed flying squirrel Mario. His nose is terribly made- crooked and sewn awkwardly. His ears appear to have an ironed on patch instead of stitch embroidering like the photo shows. His mustache is a small, cheap piece of fuzz that looks nothing like the picture and is coming off. The back of his hair is also coming off, it looks like a poorly hand stitched job.
Not great  This was TINY. And song sounds nothing like barney.
small and cheaply made  I purchased this for my 11 month old grandson for Christmas.  I didn't end up giving it to him.  It was just cheap looking.  I ended up putting in my toy box here for the grand children to play which when they are at my house.
Find another toy  I've only written a handful of reviews, but specifically searched this out so I could warn other parents. We bought this Elmo last Christmas for my 15 month old twins and they absolutely LOVED it when they unwrapped it. It was by far their favorite item. We opened it all up and started to play with it. Unfortunately the nose wouldn't work so we packed it back up and shipped it in for a replacement. The replacement worked fine up until about two months ago. The batteries died and when we went to replace them, Elmo wouldn't work at all. It's too bad because they LOVED LOVED LOVED him and were just growing into actually responding to his games, but now we just have a broken Elmo that doesn't do anything. They're just a little over two now and don't have much interest in him since he stopped talking. :(
Doesn't look like picture  I bought this for a cosplay I was doing. The Togepi looks sad, the eyes are not as bright, the mouth is not open, and the head is not even shaped right. Don't bother buying if you're looking for a realistic Togepi.
Product received does not look like picture. Fox received is much thinner not as cuddly as pictured. Item appears. One received looks more like real fox. Is soft though.
It's kind of small
Much smaller than shown on TV and pics.  As always Amazon exceeded shipping expectations. Although TEC is cute the size is very misleading on the pictures as well as the commercial on Baby First. Very small as compared to the pics and commercial.
One Star  small
Damaged product  one of the ear was damaged from the corner.
It doesn't really look like her hair is ugly
Save your money and double check you're getting the latest model, not this trash  This plush is so poorly made and ugly my husband and I laughed for a solid five minutes.  Clearly it's the 2012 model, but most people post the latest model's picture to hook you in.  Don't be fooled.  You're getting a smaller, inferior product.  The stitching and the placement of the nose and eyebrow is so poor I can hardly believe it.
He was pretty upset that we had to send it back  My son was so excited to get this toy, but when we got the package it was a captain smek toy instead of oh. He was pretty upset that we had to send it back.
Never again  Item was torn when we received it
Very disappointing  This was a waste of money. It tore in the first 15 minutes. At this price -it should last longer !!!!!
The cord is too small
Top heavy  The head of the doll is where the battery pack is, therefore very top heavy...if I had been aware of this I wouldnt have purchased 
The pic is not like what you got. It is much smaller and ugly as you get one
Only received 2 of the 4 in shipment from china.
The nose on elmo was dirty, item appeared to be used  The nose on elmo was dirty, item appeared to be used. I am very disappointed have to purchase something else in place of this gift.
VERY INACCURATE DESCRIPTION!!  was NOT 14 inches!!  Was 8 inches!!  Not accurate description!!!  I felt cheated.
Disappointed in size. Wish it had a bigger 2016 year on it.
Elmo vs Cookie Monster.lo  The Elmo doll was perfect HOWEVER it came with the Cookie Monster voice box instead of Elmo and the ABC's. My grandson was afraid of the cookie monster voice instead of Elmo. Very disappointing.
Poorly made  Super cute, BUT: it was a mess! There was glue all  over it and threat poking out everywhere, as well as stuffing. poor job on this thing. I'm super disappointed and wish I bought from a different seller.
I'm giving only 2 stars as it turned out to be bigger and uglier than expected and batteries are not replaceable, son once it runs out forget about your talking toy. I sent it back
not the same as pictured  the one i bought looks a little bit different, theres a suction cup on top of his head and his tongue is sown down to the middle of its stomach so his tongue doesnt pop out like the one that is shown. also the mouth on it is different the material is sown where the material is pulled back to around a third back of the plush. so it makes it look weird.
Small :-(  Very disappointed.  I don't think it's worth the price.  It's way smaller than it claimed. Like hand size.
Smalls
This item was in great condition and shipped well  This item was in great condition and shipped well, it was too big for what I needed.  Item was returned.  Thank you.
Product is cheaply made.
Size suck.. should specify how big it  Size suck..should specify how big it is
Tiny and used...  Tiny doll and was sent unwrapped like it was used.
Was missing one plush
Not up to par  I bought a new one a year ago.  This was suppose to be new but package was ripped open - no instructions - and one of the buttons doesn't work.  I won't return because not many around. Partial refund would be nice.
Quality is terrible  This is terrible ! I just got it today and the filling in this toy is already coming out ! How can this be a baby teething toy !!???
Awkward to walk in  The claws on the toes are rigid and point down, making it very awkward to walk in these. It's like walking around in flippers.
Welp  It's useable but it's already stuffed so you can't put much money in it. I was hoping I could get it and have it fill out like in the anime. So much for having hope
DON'T BUY THIS TOY!!!!!!  Three days before Christmas I tried programming Elmo with Windows XP, no luck.  Get's to 98% and fails.  Before I read these reviews I thought it was the doll. I changed batteries, reinstalled software, uplugged and replugged cable, etc.... Returned doll and got another one.  Same story...then I read these reviews, and then called Fisher Price.  They were no help, the service rep agreed there have been some problems they are working on, but was not much help on how to fix.  It's like oh well thanks for your money anyway.  I'm very disappointed, my versions of Christmas morning have now changed, because this is one doll my daughter won't be playing with.  Shame on you Fisher Price for putting out such a poor quality product.  Don't waste your money on this toy.
Fell apart after only 5 days!  I bought this for my son's 5th birthday last Tuesday, May 3rd 2016 (8 days ago) as of today. The stitching holding the head to the body came apart after the 4th day. My little guy is devastated because this is the thing he's been saying he wants for his birthday for 3 months. He's had plush figures from the 50 cent machine for years that are still going strong but this relatively expensive plush ($9.50) has fallen apart after a mere 4 days. I don't know what I can do but I guess I'll try to contact Amazon about possibly replacing it. Also bought him the Bowser Jr plush for $13.49 and the 10" Bowser plush for $19.24 and both of those are falling apart already too (eyebrows, crowns falling off ). We are extremely disappointed in the quality of this/these products especially considering how expensive they are. Would NOT recommend for anyone to buy this for a child. For display or collecting would probably be fine.
Eyes are weird  The eyes are not straight, and were attached in places where the fabric covered them. It was very strange. I don't feel like going through the replacement process because it's just a stuffed fish after all.
Too small  It is extremely small!  The "by Nickelodeon" not "by Fisher-Price" toy is larger.  This was just a lot smaller than the Molly and Gil plush toys by Nickelodeon that I bought last year.  I returned it.  Cute, but too small!
Battery died within a couple of weeks and cannot be replaced! No longer chirps...
Why this plush doll was returned  This toy was advertised as a Pokemon plush figure.  What I recieved was a 6-inch beanbag doll.  When I questioned the distributor, he explained that it was a rare type of pokemon doll, and that was the correct cost.  I asked for, and received a refund, because as I told him, it isn't THAT rare when these bean bags (same exact doll) were in a bin and selling at our local Toys R Us for $4.98. I had paid over three times that amount for mine.
ONLY 5 inches long!!! if I could I would give it a 0!!!  ONLY 5 INCHES LONG!! If I could I would give it a 0 instead of a 5. Super bad I thought it was going to be about a foot, but it was not even half a foot!!!! ):( PLEASE DON'T BUY IT UNLESS YOU THINK ITS A GOOD PRICE. I saw it at Wal-Mart and it was $5.00 ;( I tried to send it back but she or he never answered back!! I tried so many times :(
Quality good. Delivery time long.
CRAZY SMALL. For the price?? Ridiculous, look elsewhere.
Definetly a bootleg plush  My boyfriend got this for me off my wishlist.  I didn't have the heart to tell him because there was no way for him to know but it's a bootleg and very obviously so. It looks NOTHING LIKE THIS PICTURE AT ALL WHAT SO EVER. The tag says "Pokemon CONTER" I mean they didn't even try to hide the fact that it was a bootleg.  I guess it's kind of cute sort of but it's not what they are advertising. If you don't mind the fact that it doesn't look much like Glaceon then get it, but it is pretty off.
Dont spend your money  This toy looks amazing. My 3 year old son LOVES How To Train Your Dragon and was SO happy to get it to join toothless! I have purchased 2 toothless' already but he puts it through a lot, and toothless has been pretty durable so I had no hesitation when I came across this one. The right wing stitching came undone IN LESS THAN 12 HOURS of my son getting it!!! Waste of money! I read another review about the stitching coming undone within a week and thought well, it happens sometimes, but it should not happen the same day the toy is opened! My son still loves it, so it'll probably be admitted to "moms hospital" weekly. Very disappointing
Not good
He's a fake .....don't buy it!!!  Clearly, this is not the real Funko brand!! my son is an avid FNAF fan and could easily tell the difference. He is VERY disappointed. The tag only had a picture of Freddy on it without any extra writing or exclusive Walmart writing. The tag attached to the plush only had five nights at Freddy's written on it in red ink. The head is much larger than the body. The ears are squished and not rounded. the bow tie is too small. The hat is too small. We compared him to the other plushies and he is a lot smaller than all of them. DON'T BUY HIM .....HE'S NOT THE REAL THING!!
There should be more for that price..  When it comes to plush toys like this, we are playing with 3 factors - price, quality, size - if I can. You can have different products depending on these three factors. Say, for a given price, you can have a bigger toy of lesser quality (as in resemblance, feel etc) or you can have a smaller feature rich toy with better quality.  For this toy, we are so disappointed, the price is so huge but the toy turned out to be - (a) very small for that price (b) quality of the plush exterior is poor - very linty and (c) it vaguely resembles barney. If you take out that color, this toy could be any animal. Either they have to reduce the price (~$15 max) or make it better quality or bigger size.  For reference, I bought a plush Mickey in Costco for $45. It was six/seven times the size of this toy. Looked like mickey mouse too. Quality of the plush was comparable though.
My daughter liked it until not even a month later the battery drained and started to have issues. It will not come back on now. Wish this would have lasted longer. I don't feel like i got my moneys worth.
BEWARE!!!  This was shipped from China... It's not authentic!! The stitching is off center and the labels were printed on poor quality cardboard.  The material is very different than the ones sold in Target and Walmart.  Once my daughter seen it, I couldn't send it back.  Buyer beware!!
Low quality with dirt on it. Wait for it to come back in stock on the official website
Very poor quality.
not 10" like advertised.  No, not 10" like advertised.
Not 11 inches tall  The smurf I received wasn't 11 inches tall, it was very small. Contacted sell, said he would mail me the right size smurf, NEVER received one!!
Stopped working after 2 baths.  Changed batteries and everything and its done for already.
Horrible quality  Not the actual product. I'm gonna get a refund do and get the legit one. This is the 4th one now that I've had be defective.
Looks like a cheap rip-off of the pictured plush  I got this as a Christmas gift after heavily hinting that I'd like it, and what I got was like the sad, in-bred cousin of what's pictured here.  It's much cheaper materials- no fluffy neck, sad wings and no pink cheeks.  It's sewn poorly- nothing like the well shaped picture- so that is just looks like a baggy sack of fluff.  The 'whiskers' look like fishing line that's been jammed in hap-haphazardly, with many of them being sunk under the fabric entirely- not even close to the long ones pictured.  I feel bad having had my partner spend money on this.
I should have read it very very small dog thought it was bigger
Picture and description is not truthful  The item I received was nothing like the picture. It is maybe 5 in. tall. It doesn't have the white in the stomach or brown cute feet. Instead, it has a plastic ring that I guess you could put on a zipper. I got this for my daughter's birthday, and I'm super disapponted that it isn't returnable.
Good...When they actually work!!  I have not had any problems with this furby. But I did however get my daughter one for Christmas from Amazon...and it did stop working. They wonderful when they work. My daughter adored hers brushed it and cared really well for it. It never left the house....was never dropped....it just stopped working. It's eyes went weird...you could hear the mechanism inside clicking. Needless to say my daughter was heart broken. I haven't been able to afford another. ..  The one I just bought for my son has been working fine. We Will see how long it lasts. The first one only lasted a month and a half.
Don't get  Small, poor quality.
KNOCK OFF!  KNOCK OFF!  I JUST RETURNED MINE. NOT AN ORIGINAL FNAF.
Bootie alert  If you collect plush and hate bootlegs do not buy this item
Way too small for Price  There is no way this little thing is worth $19.  Its less then a foot tall and does nothing.  Must read fine print next time so I don't feel so ripped off.  I'm talking $5.99 tops.
cheap  expected better quality for the money, i was so disappointed i didn't even take it out of the box sent it back it cost me 2 dollars for ups didn't mind paying shipping cost but it was sent to me usps why couldn't i send it back the same way. plus amazon charged me also
Do not buy - very poorly made and low quality  This is the most poorly made plush I have ever seen come from a shop. It is very poor quality in terms of sewing and materials. There was a hole in one seam and the unicorn horn is weirdly shaped and doesn't attach securely to the head. I do not recommend buying this crappy toy!
Disappointed  So excited to give to my granddaughter but found out the mess it makes. It's messy fur is not manageable and it sheds. It now lays untouched in her room.
It was a fake, not a real Cookie Monster. Do not buy it!!!
I am very disappointed with what you gave me  It says here talking plush, fear. When i received mine and tried it, its not talking. I am very disappointed with what you gave me. Cant return it coz i let my son receive it and he's coming back here in the Philippines already.
The one I got has a terribly deformed face  The Glaceon doll in the pic is the one I wanted. The one I got has a terribly deformed face. Be mindful of what yours looks like. I will buy elsewhere likely.
Wrong Plush  It was not the Shadow that is shown in the picture. It was inaccurately shaped (wrong proportions), and had no label.
Not very happy since it was my daughter's Valentine's gift  Not the product that was advertised. We wanted a talking plush. The description says talking plush. We ordered it twice and there was no battery pack in either one. It was just a plush. Not very happy since it was my daughter's Valentine's gift.
Poor quality  We bought this for use at daycare because my baby was used to falling asleep with music, and the glow worm played for ten minutes.  The button to push for music broke the first week of daycare.  Very disappointed in this product.  I'm only glad she didn't have a chance to get attached to it before breaking.
Hate it  It's falling apart! Plus they would not except my payment. I want a full on refund. It was also cheaply made
This thing is sooooooo annoying!!  This thing is sooooooo annoying!!!! he makes the worst noises that'll make you want to beat your head in. He basically just makes moo noises, giggles and yells horribly! Now my son purposely chases me around the house with it.
Do Not Buy This. Waste of Money!  the cup it is holding is more on the pinky-side in real life. I was expecting it to be more red like the hat. The whip cream on top of the cup is more over the mouth, and the hat is stitched on poorly, if you look up a picture of pusheen he has 3 hair stripes on the top of his head. In the picture you can not see this, but with my purchase the hairs are visible. The hat also sticks up straight, and i mean straight up. The ears on mine are a bit more crinkled because of the miss sticking on the hat... and its overall body shape was different in the picture. Is more chunky. Cup is also more flat, and mis shaped. Only the front side of the whip cream has those grey stripes the back side does not. Feet, tail, and back of the cat are OKAY. Stitching on hat is not secure. same with the cup. Overall, not worth the price paid for, very disappointing.
Not recommended.  Product was not as nice as expected. Not very engaging for a child. Had a foul odor as well.  Also came with no packaging, so poor gift presentation.
Malfunctioning  This is such a cute interactive toy that I purchased for my 10 month old, and I typically love all Vtech toys, but we received this bear and the sound on the toy does not work. The heart will light up and turn on but none of the sound features work and we didn't realized it until we had already discarded the packaging. Very disappointed- I guess we just got a dud.
Too tiny, short straps.  Maybe this would work out for an older toddler but my 18 month old child could barely grasp any of the buckles because they're only about 1.5 inches wide, straps are about 4 inches long. $20 is a lot for this toy.
The pug is cute but much smaller than I anticipated.  I looked for dimensions before ordering but they were not included in the description; however, judging by the price I thought it would be a larger toy.
Very Disappointing!  Very disappointed!  The tag on the back does say GUND!  Within 3 days of use by a 6-month old (which isn't much!!) it's shedding and the stitching broke loose dropping the filler all over!  Luckily, we noticed it before she ate any of it!!  Into the trash it went!! Very disappointing!!
Really small  Way smaller than I wanted. I ordered a 15 inch one and received a 8 inch one.
Not the same product as advertised!  False advertising! The sully plush I received had NO teeth and does not sit down! I'm disappointed that I did not receive the same product that I ordered.
Paid for garbage  Garbage.  Broke after 1 use.  Absolutely ridiculous. Shredding my money would have been less infuriating.
It was not what I expected.  It seems like it was in the sun for a long time part of the body is yellowish. I won't give any star because it was not what I expected.
I was not impressed. Picture is very deceiving
Not real  This is fake not the sml one if any one looking for that one
Producted ripped within 5 minutes if giving it to ny daughter, & no she was not being "rough" with it.
Fake  I spent $14 on a crappy cheap knock off. The wand looks like a flaccid uncircumcised penis. Not at all like the picture.
doll part fine the voice not so much  My son didn't care for him .
Bootleg
Not made well  Stitching is not of good quality and the leather pieces make it look cheap.
These are the worst representation of the Trolls  These are the worst representation of the Trolls!  They were made in China and we had to wait until after Christmas for them to come in.  They are truly now worth it!  Save your money!
JUNK - don't waste your time & money  What I received looks NOTHING like item shown in listing. Very much doubt item received is an authentic Banpresto plush. We have many real Banpresto plushies and the quality of their products is exceptional. The piece is hastily constructed with sub par materials. Definitely DO NOT recommend.
Awesome idea!! Really hard to get the buckles undone  Our 3 year old daughter loves to clip and unclip things. When we found this we thought we had hit the jackpot.  The toy itself is high quality, nothing wrong there.  The downside is that the buckles are too hard for kids to unclip. It requires a high level fine motor skills and muscle...which isn't great for a 3 year old. So she can clip them, but then needs an adult to unclip them every time.  Our 5 year old also struggled a little bit with the uncliping.  Really cool idea, just doesnt seem to work great for younger kids.
Looks bigger on picture
Use on hard floors  Not satisfied
Eyes were ripped underneath.. Very small for the price you pay
Very poor quality  The Barney I received is not the same one i ordered!! The voice box is to the left of the doll's body and hard to find, its very cheaply made! I ordered this for my grandson's birthday! Ill now have to get him something else. I wasted my money on this toy!!
Elmo has laryngitis  14 month old Granddaughter LOVES Elmo, but after just two weeks, one of the wires on the music box inside came unsoldered so he does not sing about the alphabet anymore. No, he was not washed, nor thrown or abused in any way. Grandpa will try to fix him, but if not, she loves him anyway.
Horrible quality  Horrible quality plush figure. It is small, kind of rough and the tongue sticking out is very ugly. Returned the item as soon as I got it!
NOPE  Very poor quality material. The mouth piece broke off on FIRST use. Unbelievable.
it says It plays music but then you end up with a over stuft bee that doesn't play music and the checks don't light up.
Poor quality  The roses that weren't falling apart were pretty cute. I wish they had been roses in bloom instead of rose buds. BUT, many in the package had loose threads, or worse, the wire in the bottom had punctured through the fabric. This made them really tacky. Not worth the money.
No it did not!  My grandson is 4 years old.  He opened the package stretched the Ninja Turtle and it ripped out under his arm. I have already sent it back to Amazon.
Very disappointing  Forget what they promised about Elmo's ability to say over 100 things.  He certainly doesn't say them all at one time!  Not even close!  As a matter of fact, he can only remember a total of 3 routines at any given time.  In addition, there's something wrong with his internal clock, because Elmo kept waking up in the middle of the night singing or yelling at my son to wake up.  He's a huge ELmo fan, but he played with this for less than a month.
Not the Soothie name brand.... I didn't realize this and my baby won't use it
Unfolding cow  No sound,didn't fling ,in the trash
low quality, uninteresting  The sticking started to come unraveled within days The face is sewn oddly in a misguided attempt to make it look as though the dragon has her mouth open Her teeth are just painted on. The tongue and feet are cheap little felt pieces.  Overall: fairly lame as stuffed animals go, but then that probably explains the price.
look elsewhere for a Lucario plush  I just got mine and it's bootleg as a 4 dollar bill. The arms are tiny, the eyes aren't in the right place, it's poorly made.
Dont buy. May not talk.  Very disappointed. It is very tiny and doesnt talk. I got a broken one, I guess, and there is no way to return it.
Used  This one was passable but definitely looks used.  It was clean at least which the other one that shipped with it was not clean AT ALL.
Not authentic  The pig I received was not an actual Mojang pig.  It's snout was sewn flat and the front legs were attached to the head instead of the body.  My kids already have a few of these pigs and this one was awful.
:-(  Not really. The face is not flat like the picture. It has a pointed mouth/nose which is not completly filled with fluff. My son was not happy with the "messed up" pikachu
It's NOT Toothless  First of all, it's not black, it's blue. Having watched the movie, & am watching the series, I'm pretty sure Toothless is suppose to be black. This toy doesn't come close to being black. It's obviously blue. Also, it's NOT 7" long. It's 16.5" long. The only 7" I could find on the toy was its width when its wings were folded in. Hopefully new toys will come out with the new movie.
Very Disappointed !  Cute toy and Christmas gift for my 2 year old granddaughter.  In less than a week, the music isn't playing properly (like it needs new batteries) but there is no place on this stuffed toy for replacements.  SO disappointed and do not recommend.  No disclaimer listed by seller!
It's very small ! Over priced.
Much smaller than advertised and don't appreciate how the price was inflated by 1000% percent on your website. I purchased for 40 bucks when the day after Christmas it was being sold for ten.
Not worth a nickle!  Dog came with a ripped leg and makes a terrible noise that does not sound anything like a bark. Very disappointed.
small and over priced
Poor quality  Within a few hours of having opened the doll, one of it's arms fell off.  My son didn't play very rough with it.  You would think a toy would be able to withstand more than a few hours of light play.
Fell apart  7 year old step brother wanted one Neville bought him one for Christmas and when if came in the mail within less than a week the toy already fell apart and needed to be sewn
Disappointed  Green elf had holes and the feet were backwards. My daughter wondered if Buddy the elf made it for her for Christmas.
Tiny  It's beautiful, but really tiny and expensive if you compared price- size
About the quality you expect from a carnival booth  It is smaller than you think and started to split along a seam within two days - VERY DISAPPOINTED
She opened it and immediately fell in love as Elmo talked to her and gave her hugs  Bought this for my niece's birthday since she loves Elmo.  She opened it and immediately fell in love as Elmo talked to her and gave her hugs.  After about 30 minutes Elmo wasn't working.  We presumed it was the batteries and changed them out.  He worked again for another hour or so and stopped again. Went out and bought new batteries to make sure we weren't going crazy and the same happened.  Very disappointed in the purchase and will definitely be trying to get this remedied.
Which it was the one pictured....  The plushie itself is fine. But it isn't the one pictured. It's one of the other weird looking ones you see when you search for "catbus plush"
Bootleg.  I got this Vaporeon plush, and while it came with tags, bag, and all, I believe it's bootleg. It's horribly thrown together, and also looks as if someone threw it into a bag of scraps, with how much fuzz and bits are all over it. I wouldn't recommend getting this plush at all.
Bootleg disney plush- DO NOT BUY!  This comes from china/hongkong. This is a bootleg because its not the real plush. I thought it was thecreal plush but it wasnt. Dont buy this! Also it is cheap as well. This is very dumb/ poorly made. Please, don't buy this bootleg disney plush! You'll get scammed! Trust me!
Very expensive for what it was
Sound is distorted  The sound of this common loon is distorted. All the other birds I bought up to the date I received this had sounds that were clear and distinct. Huge disappointment because this bird was one of my favorite bird calls. I gave it two stars instead of one because it still is soft to cuddle with.
Does not look like the picture  Purchased from JAIMIE SKEEN (shipped from Singapore). Does not look like the picture. Didn't even come with a tag. Comparing the item I got with the picture, I noticed that the eye brows were stitched vertically instead of at an angle. The face is almost completely flat. It just looks kinda weird in general. The good thing is that the material is really soft to the touch.
RIP OFF - DO NOT BUY!  DO NOT BUY THIS TOY! It is only a few inches tall and does not have the genuine disney seal on the foot of the doll. It looks like a cheap McDonads Happy meal toy and the price tag affixed to the doll says $9.95. Do not waste your hard earned money, parents!! There are many other Frozen toys out there. This is false advertisement and a complete RIP OFF!
My son likes it but WAY smaller than expected especially for the price
Wrong size. Beware.  These are supposed to be the medium sized stuffed animals and it is only the small sized. Not worth the money. Do not buy.
no comment
Never again!  My daugthter only played with her furby for maybe 2 days. Bad purchase, waste of money.
Very disappointed. Was looking forward but Elmo came with unbalanced eyes. That was something that I can overlook but the biggest problem was Elmo's legs were of different length ! 1 is significantly shorter than the other! I don't like it at all.
it came out like crap total knock-off i bought 2 of these things still knock-off
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! i wanted to return it, because it looked cheap, awful, and it was also defected. it does not look like the picture, the universal studios tag is a copy, and also stinks. the packaging was horrible (came in a black thin garbage bag) - and since it was shipped from China i would have to pay $14.90 for shipping to return it!!!! the one star is too many, but as you know i cannot give none. spend your money on something better, save yourself from aggravation. i wish i would have read the negative feedbacks before i ordered this item.
talking problem  The Toy was working perfect but suddenly it stopped talking!!!! It looks that serveral toys like this have the same problem, don't buy.
seems like it's fake  not plush, where the light goes won't seal with the velcro. the one on the right I bought from target, the one on the left from amazon....
Child was disappointed!  Very small compared to the other characters! Child was disappointed!
Nice Try, Try again!  made from the micro fiber fabric that picks up everything and catches on even a child's soft skin...boo!
Would not order again..the shipping takes way too long
Not worth the money  This was small and over priced
Buyer beware!  Bait and switch!  Cute but not what I ordered.  This took weeks to arrive since it came from China (I would not have ordered had I known that.  My fault for not reading more carefully).  Then when it finally arrives, it doesn't speak.  It's just a doll.  Bait and switch.  Too bad because this is my daughters favorite movie and she LOVES Oh.
returned  the greatest didn't work when received didn't bother with another one because i was afraid id have to return again
Seemed to be a used product!  Bought this toy for my son. We were very dissaponted when we received this product, it did not work and was dirty! It looked used! Such a shame because I also bought slimer. One for each of my boys and now I will have to return both!
I would not recommend purchasing this item  This was a gift for my grandson and the purring sound of the cat stopped two weeks after he received it. I would not recommend purchasing this item!
One of them came ripped Firedragon!
Broken!  Came broken! My husband had to take it apart and realign and attach his legs for him to even somewhat work!
Misleading about extra educational materials. Not worth the extra $10 for them
Smells terrible!  Definitely sold by a smoker. Smells terrible!
really tiny .wasnt what i expected and don't look as cute up close
I was very disappointed in this  I was very disappointed in this.  It was very small.  I paid $16 for a tiny stuffed olaf that I'm now seeing in stores everywhere for $6.  Frustrating.  I will be sending this back.
Body parts falling off left and right  This is my first negative review ever.  My two sons collect Mario plush. They play with them how most children play with action figures. They have a TON, so I've seen the gambit of quality with the various manufacturers, etc. Most Mario plush hold up impressively well.  This one lost it's first leg literally an hour after my youngest started playing with it. He cried, bc it was new and now broken. I safety-pinned the leg on, and all was well, temporarily. Since then, 4 other legs and the nose have fallen off. Yes, my boys are playing with this, but they aren't PULLING on it excessively. I'm actually blown away by how badly this thing is sewn together. None of the TONS of other Mario plush has fallen apart like this one has. My boys still play with it, bc you always need a Wiggler in you collection, but if you are giving this to someone who will be less forgiving about it falling apart, I'd say pass on it.  It's still super cute. It just also looks super punk rock with  all the safety pins in him.
DON'T waist ur money  Not what they sow in the commercials doesn't stretch more than 3ft. Like they show on tv. Cheap material my 3yr old tore it the 3rd day.
too small  The size is more like a handkerchief than a blanket. The material is very soft though. I wouldn't recommend it.
I guess I didn't read the reviews close enough, so I'm going to help out the next person.... THIS TOY IS REALLY SMALL. It is not "7 and not worth $35!
So elmo is cute... the music he plays is cute... but when he says "elmo so sleepy" it is deffinatly an asian ladies voice.... not elmo
Disappointed and costly price  braid is bad..clothes wrinkled and doesn't hang nice..item did not come boxed..I don't think it a new item..altogether a disappointing purchase
Very cheaply made. The dress does not fit right when the doll is flipped.
Doesn't really look like Chewbacca. When I see the picture now  Doesn't really look like Chewbacca.  When I see the picture now, I guess I had more hope that it would look better in person.  Not so.
Disappointing  It was delivered today, no damage to box but didn't work!!! Shipped it as a gift to 3 year old girl
We are disappointed in the range of activities and false product description  The bear is cute, and the stories are okay, but there are only two stories and no games! The description clearly states that there are 5 stories and many games to choose from. For more stories and any games, it just says "Coming Soon". The website is of no help, and it also says "New Website Coming Soon". We are disappointed in the range of activities and false product description. If it weren't for that, this could be an amazing product!
not 13"  I purchased this Elmo thinking it was 13" but ...measured my self it was 7.5 " not to happy ... Maybe they were in a rush... Being that it was Christmas week
NEW DOLL IS NOT SAME QUALITY!  DO NOT BUY!  The original Animal Muppet that I received as a gift a few years ago is the best stuffed animal I have ever owned.  He looks just like Animal from the Muppets and he makes everyone laugh everywhere he goes.  So I tried to order more recently for friends, and unfortunately the doll being sold now is the Muppets Most Wanted Edition and it is NOT AS ADVERTISED, the quality is no longer the same.  I ordered two and my friend ordered two, and all four were returned.  The hair is red instead of purple like the picture (this picture shows the original), the head is smaller and not the right shape, and worst of all the eyes are always crooked!  It looks like a demented toy, not Animal!  I hope they go back to the original quality, because Animal is the best.
Very disappointed this time  For ten dollars, this tiny, 5" toy is comparable to the toys you see in the arcade in the "claw" machine for 50 cents.  Way too expensive for such a small toy.  Very disappointed this time.
DONT BUY YOU WONT RECEIVE THE PRODUCT  I have been waiting since April 27 for my belt and it  says in April 28 In china  it's has been like that to this day and today is June 8th . The latest it would be here is June 5th.
It doesn't fit kids clubs.  My son lost the head cover for his driver.  So, after a bunch of research, I was really psyched to buy this -- and really disappointed when it didn't fit a standard kid's club.
Won it in a claw machine for 2 dollars
Disappointing Quality  Mr. Grouper isn't really well made and in fact, I could see little pieces of blue material (I'm assuming from Gil's hair) sewn in on the underside of this plush toy.  I also purchased Gil from the same seller at the same time.  The toy was covered in lint and I'm still not completely sure it was a new (never played with) toy.  It arrived in a really beaten up box that had a diaper company name on it so I was already a little nervous (and rightly so) before I even opened it.  I was glad the plush toys were in there (and not diapers that we didn't need) but the quality is not good.  My niece has never played with it and we simply constructed a shelf in her room to house her plush bubble guppies.  I was unable to find him anywhere else so for the purpose of being a collectible on her shelf, he's fine I guess.  That is, unless you pick him up and see that blue fabric sewn in the stitching.  I don't recommend this item at all.
Not pup pals  These are not pup pals.  Not same materials and larger did not match the rest of my set.  Made from cheap materials not the soft ones that pup pals are made from.
Gross Fabric  I bought this a while ago and was truly disappointed by the nasty quality of fabric it was made from. It's that weird clingy kind that collects every bit of dirt and lint it comes across and feels really gross on the hand.
Disappointed  My boyfriend bought this eeveelution for me as a gift. Mine looks like whoever made it just threw all the parts on as fast as possible. The smile is way off-centered and his ears aren't even. Very sad, because Jolteon is my favorite. I still find it cute though.
Very disappointed.. Very small and very cheap quality
No blanket  Took a long time and blanket missing was barely noticeable on description page
dangerous - handle broke off and left behind a plastic dagger  Received as a gift.  The twist handle broke off under normal use and left behind a sharp protruding plastic dagger.  Useless for use by my daughter now.  I called Fisher-Price and they said since it was made by a company under license to them, they would contact me directly within 3 days.  No one ever called.
Not sure if our baby was too rough, but we had to restitch the straps within the 1st week. Other then that, it kept him busy!
small  This was very small not what i was thinking it would be,, all folded up in the packaging..  was hoping to use as decor for my sons bed..
This toy is not 'soft from head to toe'. The points on his mask are also sharp and pointy.
Purchased as a gift. Went to test it and it did not work. Checked the batteries and found them badly corroded. Replaced with new batteries but still did not work. Returned to Amazon.
Worst. Sound. Ever.
Not Happy!  He looks weird and it's much smaller than the picture.
This product was smaller than the pictures make it seem.  Underwhelming for the price.
Official  Awesome quality thanks Amazon. com and Toys and game outlet for a Sanei Japan official Larry Koopa Plush
Foot fell of immediately!  Carnival toy quality.  This is a huge disappointment.  My daughter loves gremlins and wanted this toy very badly.  We ordered it for her birthday.  She was delighted - then immediately we opened the packet, the foot fell off!  I checked the toy and the second foot is badly glued.  I'd expect this if I won it throwing balls at the county fair...but $20!  Rip-off.
Hard to keep parts together
cheap Chinese knock off  THIS IS NOT THE PLUSH FROM SUPERMARIOLOGAN! I bought it for my 8 yr old son and it was completely wrong, it's way too CHEAP, and the appearance is different from the picture! DO NOT BUY IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THE BLACK YOSHI FROM LOGAN!
Not good.  The product came with bolts that are too big and the rocker cant rock properly because they hit the floor. The screws that come out of ththe feet are rusty too.
Cool Baby Toy  The baby really likes this, but it does not giggle very loud.
Won't light up after first batteries ran out and I replaced them with new  My daughter (now 3, when she got it, she was 2)loved this dog SO MUCH! It was a life saver in terms of getting her to go to sleep every night without a fuss. As long as she had her "puppy", she was fine! But when the batteries died (which they do rather quickly if you keep it on, no big deal because it was worth every bit of it) I changed the batteries and the dog wouldn't light up again. She still loves the puppy but she really wants it to light up so we have to look into getting her a new one. I think I'll be looking into one that lasts longer.
Dissapointed  Two days after recieving this idem, the stitching around the neck ripped open.
Not the best quality  Seam ripped within a few hours of my son getting it out of the box
Poor Quality  Product stitching became loose and fabric opened at seams with in one day of receipt.  Product quality could be improved for children.
DISPLAY ONLY  This product was only useful for room decor display. When my six year old played with her she became frustrated with Elsa's head being to heavy and consistently turning backwards, I dislike the fact that the voice box does not allow for disattachment/reattachment for washing. Not a good job Disney.
False Representation  I would like to warn anyone looking to purchase the vaporeon plush in the picture, it is not the one they will send. I was hoping to purchase that one and instead received a fake with no tag. I was more concerned with the plush's appearance and it is not like the one in the picture which is far cuter. For those worried about receiving an authentic item this one has no tag, not even one on the leg...  very upset...
No suitable for a 1 year old  I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas.  I was unaware of the wires.  There are many wires.  It is not suitable for a 1 year old or even cuddly due to the wires.  Sadly, my return window ended 1/31/15 and I can not return this item.
Super cute, but really small  Super cute, but really small. Not worth 30+ bucks. Thought I had ordered one that was over a foot and a half in length, recieved one about the size of my palm.
It was dirty when I received it.
BAD
not happy with  very small...not happy with it
its an ok toy  The dog doesn't really look like the picture. The socks are much smaller, and are silky not knitted like it looks in the picture. And its really small. More money then I would have liked.
Cheaply made, falling apart.  This toy is very cheaply made. My daughter had it for only a few hours and I noticed the feet are fraying and the seams are coming apart. My daughter loves it so I'm not going to return it but I would not recommend this doll.
Not sewn well  Back seam ripped open 30 mind after child received.
Poor design  I got this for my nearly two year old for Christmas. I can't even get elmo to go potty. His legs have to be bent just so and his butt has to be lined up to the magnets in the potty just right. Too difficult and frustrating for a small child. This needs a redesign. My kid likes it simply for the fact that it's elmo but I wish I had used my money on something better.
Very small.  I was expecting this to be large, but this was very small. Not worth the money. Plus as soon as I took it out of the packaging, the fur was falling out.
First "bad purchase" I've ever had on Amazon  Elmo was DOA on Christmas morning.  I bought this for my niece who adores Elmo.  After throwing three different sets of batteries (two sets directly out of the package and one set of fully-charged rechargeables) into his guts, we were all disappointed to see Elmo did not work at all.  We tested the batteries in other devices, so we know they were good to go.  We tried all the suggested troubleshooting tips in the booklet that came with him, but nothing would bring him to life.  I had a very disappointed little niece for Christmas.  Boo on you, Scrooge Elmo!
Gremlin Gizmo Plush Toy  The product was not as good as I thought it would be. For a plush toy it didn't meet my expectations. Poor quality, glue everywhere.  Not satisfied with product.
Not even the right size. He is so small for 11 inches. More like 5 inches.  So I bought the eleven inches tall one and got this tiny little guy that is not even 7 inches. I am beyond dissatisfied. This is not what I payed for. If I bought the 20 inch one would I have gotten the right one? This is ridiculous.
Not the same size as the others...  My boyfriend bought me the Pokemon Center Original Plush Doll Sitting Trick Pose Vaporeon and Espeons, and they're HUGE! Awesome and adorable. So, we assumed that this one would be the same size as well, considering it's got the same descriptive name and belongs to the same company. Boy, were we wrong! While my Pokemon are about a foot or so tall, this one is barely six inches tall. It was a supreme disappointment, considering we paid the SAME AMOUNT for this titchy little thing as we did for the two big ones. Utterly disappointed, so we'll be sending this one back in order to find another one that's similar in size to my own.
A pile of awful, frustrating, boring junk.  What a pile of awful, frustrating junk.  From day one, his red fur fell off anywhere and everywhere.  He's made of hard plastic, hardly huggable, and perhaps a bit dangerous.  Everything he says is repetitive, and there is no storage for his hats, which then become easy to lose around the house.  His mouth moves - that's the only neat part of the whole toy - and even that's annoying because the mechanical noise is very loud, making him hard to understand, which certainly inhibits a small child (or, for that matter, a Ph. D. scientist) from understanding what in the world "Elmo" is asking one to do.  So you look up what he's saying on the internet - yeah, it kind of sounds like that, so you move forward:  but his verbal directions/games/songs are repetitive and tedious and become boring within a minute or two.  Worse, the fur covering his backside (which "hides" the FOUR-AA battery compartment - no seriously, four AAs for this pile of junk), is loosely held on and readily falls open on a consistent basis.  And then it got only worse.  After hardly being used over a half year by a young boy who adores Elmo (what does that tell you about how "fun" this thing is?), he started slurring his speech and his mouth stopped moving.  Figuring it was the FOUR-AA batteries going bad, I changed them.  Two different sets of brand new batteries didn't improve his drunken failure.  As I type this, this pile of fur-spreading junk has stopped functioning entirely.  Buy this at your own annoyance. Don't say you weren't warned.  This may be one of the most poorly designed, poorly manufactured toys in history.  Stay
I did not like this product it took a month to get here and it looks like the fake one. And came in with a hole.
Niece was scared of the toy initially, even though she loves Barney on TV.
No so great...  This was definitely not something you see at the Disney store. It looked goofy and I returned the product. The return process was easy. If you are looking for the real Sully, spend the extra money and go to the Disney store.
Not the best quality  Definitely theme park-prize sort of material. Pink color is off, clothing is made of felt, noses look weird. Not worth the money. The Ty plushes are a million times better!!!! Go with those, not these!
I love the elephant I got some for 6  I love the elephant I got some for  6.59 then went to 759 ok I got some more than over night jumped to 15.98 now you have just lost your mind. People will start looking else where for these elephants. I will not buy anymore from you thank you.
Cheap low quality
EnderDragon Review  My Enderdragon was covered in dust and its right eye had a hole on it and was missing a lot of stuffing. But I could sow it up and over all it met my expectations of size a quality. Just make sure they are in more protected bags.
Found It cheaper  I bought this same doll and blanket for my niece, out of a store called Citi Trends for $7.99!!! This price is ridiculous
but on the good side, it doesn't take much room  It's small, flat, cheap...but on the good side, it doesn't take much room.
Garbage  I wish I could give it zero stars! Never worked from the first day. Water accumulates inside and the inside rusts turning the water brown. It's a piece of garbage.
Disappointed  Delivered with stains on it!
Crap  Not 10 inches, that was a lie. Looked dirty and the tag looked used and torn. Was super small and not cute at all. Highly disappointed. Not worth the money at all. Spent less on a cleaner ($6) and much bigger one at a fair. Do not recommend this seller or product to anyone.
The Llama Llama was a huge disappointment, so I returned it immediately  The Llama Llama was a huge disappointment, so I returned it immediately. It seemed much smaller than expected and definitely not worth the cost. The bear, though pictured, was not included.
Doesn't Work like advertised.  This is supposed to lay down roll side to side and then stand up.  I have traded this toy in twice at a local store and none of them worked properly.  Plus, it scares my 1 year old.
Picture of Olaf does not match actual.  The picture shown on the website when selecting and purchasing is different from what I have received - Olaf had a mouth closed but the plush I have has a partially opened mouth. It's ugly.
It was torn in two places - arm and back of neck.  Come on Disney - you should check your items before shipping them, especially for a kid who adores Tigger.
I feel cheated not recommend anyone to give your money to these people  Mr. AZ Shopping Storefront my purchase of unFurby ORDER # 002-3251031 Boom Plush Toy (Teal Pattern Edition) -9971422, as a Christmas gift for my daughter, I only worked a few hours later I was speechless, it was everything that appears on page manufacturer Hasbro unsuccessful, apparently these toys have no quality control is a failure manufactures, neither Seller AZ Shopping Storefront respond or Hasbro either, I feel cheated not recommend anyone to give your money to these people.
Condition  I bought this item new.  When it arrived, it looked worn and it smelled of cigarette smoke.  I will be more careful in the future.
Don't waste your money  I should have listened to others reviews and not wasted $60 on things that didn't work. By day 1 only 4 worked and by the 3rd day I think only one works. If it was something as simple as changing batteries to hear them talking I would not be bothered, but I can't. My autistic 7yr old loves this show. He was excited when he got these yo gabba gabba people and even knew all their names. He was super disappointed when they stopped talking and he wanted me to fix them but I can't and he doesn't understand that. I think if you pay $60 for toys they should function well.
Knock off  Pretty sure these are knock offs. No disney tags anywhere on the product. The others I bought from other vedors had disney store tags.  Would return but sont have enough time since they are gifts.
Very small and more expensive then in store  The size of this is incredibly small. I should have paid more attention to the measurements. For the cost it was not worth it. In store I think they are only $4, I paid $12 off of Amazon. The item did arrive on time.
I highly suspect it is a fake item  it has a tag but the tag doesn't have the laser logo (the place where the laser logo should stick to is blank). As a Chinese who has seen enough fake items flooding on China's shopping website, I highly doubt the authenticity of this item. I am going to return it and would recommend Amazon pay a little more attention on what you are selling.
Cheap and small
My son is going to love it!  Its huge!  My son is going to love it!
Returned item I was looking for a larger toy.
It's a beautiful toy but it's smaller tan I think.
Bribed by seller to remove feedback.  I usually do not directly review the items but instead review the seller and post it in their profile.  Well I did just that for this item.  3/5:"Definitely a knockoff, but my daughter loves it." NolaMomma (edit this name), June 7, 2014  That was posted on Maker Mall's profile page.  Today I got an email asking me to remove my rating because they are new and my opinion matters????? really, then why ask me to remove it.  They then offered me $5 bucks to remove it.  WOW.  This cheap stuffed toy is just that.  It is not Authentic Disney merchandise (if only I could post a picture of the "seal" on Olaf's foot) but a knock off, which is fine.  I don't really care, but don't advertise it as such and then charge so much.  I could have purchased one of these at a county fair and it would have been in better quality.
Never recieved item,Watch out for this vendor.  Never received my daughters pikachu...just broke her heart but thank goodness Daddy is awesome and won her a bigger one at dave & busters.
Smaller than I expected.
This thing was way over priced for the size, but my granddaughter loves it.
very poor quality and very disappointed in quality.
Poor quality.
to small
Tear in seam  3 year old loved this alligator however after only 2 days of play, it has a 2 inch tear in the seam.  I can sew it up by hand, but would have thought it would have lasted a little bit longer that 2 days for the price.
Not happy!!  Alls I can say is NOT HAPPY. Would not have given it any rating... NEVER relieved it after I was e-mail it was being delivered!! Glad I didn't tell my granddaughter it was coming !!
Smaller than thought!  My son loves Mario! I ordered the Mushroom Head  and Goomba and now realized they are definitely different sizes, I wish I paid more attention to the dimensions.
Joey ripped  My son loves this kangaroo BUT the baby Joey pulled right off the string& has a little hole where it was attached-losing stuffing now & seam rips more with every touch!
Ok. Not what I expected.  This is a cute plush. But in te picture it's standing. The one I received is sitting now I have 2 of the same Sylveon plushies... Please change your picture. Because I'm honestly not happy...
The picture and the doll description do not match  Odd purchase, the picture and the ernie plush doll description did not match. The picture is of the TMX ernie and the description is for a 12'' ernie plush doll. I received the 12'' ernie plush doll but returned it because the sewn hem was not aligned. Disappointed with quality.
not worth .50 cents  Smaller than I thought and its a poor design, arrives all smooshed up and bent, regret this purchase so I just gave it to my daughter
Quality Doesn't Match Image  The moment this plush came out of the shipping bag, my children noticed that the item received was not as pictured on Amazon.  The glasses are wrong and bent. The teeth are in a different location.  The overall shape is also different.  The hat is proportionately too large.  The wand looks more like a hot dog than a wand.  The non-wand arm is stuck pointing up.  While I can see all the flaws, they are not a big deal to me.  They did, however, bother my children A LOT.  In summary, if you order this item, don't expect the quality to match the image.  I can't imagine any child would be satisfied with the item we received.
Not the same plush in the photo!  I bought this for my little sister expecting it to look exactly like the photo but it doesnt. The hidden mickey spot isn't there and there is no Disney trademark thing on his foot. There's a tag that says he's from Hong Kong Disneyland so maybe the design could be different over there but that should have been mentioned because I was expecting the plush from the photo which I find way cuter. I'm disappointed but I'm not gonna return it because my little sister loves it and can't even tell the difference...
It's very expensive and very small I thought it was the big one
Be very careful with this product. It is EXTREMELY too small and not worth it
Information said this would say one of 5 phrases.  It only said a portion of one phrase.  I returned it for a replacement.  The replacement did the same thing.  It's cute, but definitely doesn't work correctly.
Great idea! Not so well made  Great idea and concept! However the buckles are very cheaply made and some didn't stay together from the day we got it.
Wrong item sent  Well I could only buy one for my son's birthday and Geo is his favorite. I was so excited to present him with Geo for his birthday. However when it arrived today, while it was marked with a Geo sticker, it was not Geo that arrived. It was Milli. He will love Milli to I am sure, but it's a bit of a let down to get the wrong thing.
Does not look like Gizmo  This looks nothing like Gizmo. Even my 3 year old asked what happened to it!
Do not last very long  Purchased these last week and two out of three were already ripped open and the sound box inside were broken from a small 10lb dog. I would try purchasing something else better made and sturdy.
Super cute doll  Super cute doll. My son got it for his birthday & with in 5 days the seems started to come open..
Not Well Made!!  This is cheaply made for the price you pay!! Two days after receiving the seam on the side of his tummy split.  I returned it and bought another one to replace it.  However the second one had a seam split again after a week.  Just NOT WELL MADE.  My child was not rough with it at all he likes to put them on his shelf.
Mine didn't talk lol. The voice box must have missed the two I bought.
Its fake  It looks nothing like the picture
Small did not look as good as it does in the pic
Wakes Child Up  If you're looking for a toy to help your child sleep, I would not advise putting this in your child's crib. Everytime the child rolls over in his sleep, it plays a short, 3 note or so song that wakes him up. SO then you have to go in and take Elmo out of his crib, which wakes him up again.  Lullaby Elmo is a misnomer!
Fake plush  This is a fake plush for Christmas I was so excited for my plush but it was fake the eye brows and hair were bad a hole in his leg and his spike bands were stinkerd on
Ripoff  Did NOT come with package of cards as advertised.  Total ripoff
Very cute and 4-month old grandson loves it, however, the rings detached from the elephant shortly after he started playing with it.  The star is also coming loose and not sewed on tightly.  It's being returned.
DO NOT BUY!!  I am very upset with this plush because it is a fake..I would urge people to NOT purchase from this company at all!! They are unreliable and they misrepresent their products.
Lame doll set.  waste of money.  shoes keep falling off. can't even get the dresses on the doll.  difficult to get her hands through the arm holes and difficult to her her mermaid suit on. Lame doll set.
Very small for the price  Very overpriced for the size. Very sad that I bought this. My son is a huge fan. Wish they had another Bot toy available to purchase for a reasonable price.
Horrible  Ripped upon arrival. Cheap stitching and eventually had to be thrown out. I did not have a happy son when I told him he couldn't keep it anymore because the stitches was coming apart. (Even after sewing it 2-3x)
This is not the Spinmaster Inc plush toy that is advertised. Be aware!
Disappointed  So excited to get this but when I opened it,the box was all faded and it didn't work. It is supposed to already have batteries so I will try to change the batteries and hopefully it will work. Very disappointing...
Not happy  I returned this item. I didn't feel it was a good buy because of the cost. It also looked like the fabric was faded from the sun.
I DID NOT BUY IT BECAUSE IM SMART! THESE WOULD COST 80 DOLLARS TOTAL  IF THEY ARE REAL NO SOME 20 DOLLARS!ONE DAY I WOULD REPORT ALL CHINESE FOR SELLING A BOOTLEG POKEMON PRODUCTS  ON AMAZON.ITS  ILLEGAL!
Sounded like a dying cow  Sounded like a dying cow. Guess the battery in it was old. Also, it didn't look like the pic at all..more like a newborn matted puppy. Bummer..and get what you pay for.
... body is not hug 'n plush I do not recommend.  Head is plush but the tiny body is not hug 'n plush I do not recommend.
It's nice, but my daughter didn't like it.. She didn't like the music ..
Gets dirty easily  It seems under-stuffed for a teddy bear.  Also, it shows dirt easily: it hasn't been played with hard, yet now it looks a bit dirty.  There weren't many Pooh bears available when I was looking, so perhaps this is the best there is.  But generally it feels cheap.  I don't think I'd spend money on it again.
Should have known better  I am a loyal Amazon customer and as I live abroad Amazon is where I do 90% of my shopping (i.e. I places orders typically once a week everything from toys, clothes, food, to personal items and home goods) I usually rely heavily on product reviews and base most of my decisions between products on them.  That being said I searched all over for this Gummy Bear.  My daughter has become obsessed with him and his videos and I couldn't help but order it when I saw it.  I read the reviews and for every good review I saw a one star review claiming it was broken or stopped working immediately upon playing with it.  I really loved the bear so I ordered two.  One sitting and talking and the other singing and running.  What I received was a disappointment after disappointment:  1.  What I received was two singing and running.  No sitting and talking gummy what so ever.   I figured since I live abroad and could not return it without it costing triple the price and shipping that I would keep one and give the other as a gift  2. Upon squeezing both only one of them worked.  One sang but did not run. Which was a complete bummer as who wants a broken toy.  3.  I decided to leave the broken one at work and took the one that worked home.  When I got it home I turned it on and my daughter went nuts!!! She fell in love with it and immediately began chasing it through the living room. Within 10 minutes it completely STOPPED WORKING!!! So singing and no running!!! We checked the battery and that was not the issue.  4.  End of the day two identical (not two different different ones) both broken and we can't return them  I took my chance on an item with several spotty reviews and learned to trust other Amazon clients.  If someone takes the time to write a very detailed review its because they don't want someone else to go thought the same thing.  Yes I still love Amazon and do not blame them for defective products but I was shipped at least one wrong item.  I will of course use them again as this was the first time of all the orders I have placed that I had an issued.  As for Gummy Bear we still love him too...however we are more than disappointed that they will continue to keep things on the market that are defective. This is a kids toy after all and no one wants to let their child down.
Really small!
Ugly (Optimal Bargains)  I buy it from Optimal Bargains. Very different from the picture. They are both Mickey and Minnie deformed. My son did not like him.
Doll came ripped from dress
check everything  When this arrived, there were several threads hanging. I'm glad I took the time to check every spot on this because there was also a piece of plastic poking out of one of the ears. Easily would have cut or poked a tongue or lip.
King Tut was not white.  Egyptians were black. This doll is misleading to children and not historically accurate.
Very cheaply made
What a lose  They make this thing from scratch just for me? 3 months to get it. In the mean time I have moved. Checked the old apartment and nothing. Good thing it was cheep. I am thinking someone else now has it.
Nope!  Wow it's so small! Fits in the palm of my hand, thought it would be bigger with all the good reviews. This is for sure going back.
I don't enjoy the recorded sayings she makes and she looks much bigger online than in person. That being said. She is still being loved on.
This thing showed up looking like a victim of a curse  Nope. This thing showed up looking like a victim of a curse. The mouth looks sewn shut, and the Cat looks miserable and slightly haunted. My son took one look at it, and wanted nothing to do with it. I'm not 100% sure what mange is, but think the Cat in the Hat might have caught it during one of his many adventures.
its ok...  Not worth $10, too small, took too long to get here ([REDACTED], nearly 3 whole weeks!!), faded weird smell (can easily get rid of it with febreze), also it is put together with GLUE!! like, WHAT!? [REDACTED], because they price plushies FAR TOO high, find another seller then. But don't let me fool you, i think this plush is the CUTEST! and it looks great in my pokemon collection!
Too expensive now  I also bought the elephant. Learned from other crafters that they doubled the price. Am very disappointed at their decision, as at that price point, you can buy at  other places. I feel that they have lost a lot of buyers.
Definitely not worth the money would not buy one again cute but very expensive
No arms, not as pictured  Bought it for Christmas...Im with everyone else on the reviews, mine came without arms!
I hate to leave one star  I hate to leave one star, because they are in perfectly fine condition. I just hate that I got the winking ones. I wanted the open eyes as shown, the picture is 100% misleading and I was extremely disappointed. You cannot simply assume that this is small, because to someone like myself it completely alters the product. Bad call on sellers part. From the look of these reviews I would say don't order unless you are prepared to get something other than what is pictured.
This poor little guy was smashed into this tiny box with his head bent. Once I took him out his head does not look up. Just droops down to the floor like a wet sock. I got it for my niece's birthday who loves ET. Her mom told me to keep it anyway and we will splint the neck with something. My niece shreds things apart that are not perfect, so I imagine it might last an hour inter care.  Too bad cuz he is really cute.
Eyes too small
Sounds nothin like Barney.
The stuffed toy is cute and well made however it sheds. The low rating is because the VENDOR REQUIRES THAT YOU BE HOME TO SIGN FOR THE DELIVERY.  I have received countless packages of much greater value that I have not had to modify my life/activities to be home to sign for. To have to rearrange my schedule to sign for a STUFFED TOY is absurd!! I will not purchase from this vendor again......get real!!!
to small
dirty  Doll is well made very cute however doll showed up dirty.
Red Fur Everywhere  I read the reviews and I know some of them said this Elmo doll sheds, but I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best.  Apparently, I should have also crossed my toes because this doll sheds more fur than a golden retriever.  I gave it to my 8 month old grandson yesterday and within minutes he had red fur in his hands and on his face.  He wasn't tugging or chewing the toy, the red fur seemed to come off on everything the doll touched, including my furniture and clothes.  His father distracted him while I took Elmo and "put him away," which is like saying the "dog went to live on a farm."  The one positive thing I can say is that this Elmo was the perfect size for little hands.  Elmo is a favorite of my grandson's so I will continue to look for a replacement.  But this time I think I will buy from a brick & mortar store so I can test the quality of the doll before I bring it home to my grandson.
never arrived...  I can not review the product as it NEVER arrived!!!  Our grandson loves Pooh and this was to be the last member of the group as I had gotten all the others through Amazon. When it didn't come I had to use anther bunny instead of Rabbit.  It doesn't look like Rabbit but that is what we use to play Hundred acre woods.  Usually Amazon is a great place to get things..  In this case no so.
Poor quality returned these
I really didn't like it when i got it it was all messed up the arm was about to fall of.(bad) And then her designs like in the picture didn't look anything like the one i have now  but i guess if u don't mind getting a bad one like mine then ull be ok with buying this daisy.
Not so cute in person  Item looked nothing like the picture.  I came squashed up in a plastic bag and then stuffed into a box.  I am thinking about sending this back and reordering especially since they are now advertised $8.00 cheaper than what I paid.
I am very disappointed, to say the least  I am very disappointed, to say the least.  I ordered these sea life toys for my granddaughter, which I believed were supposed to be approximately 6" tall.  When I received the package, I ONLY received the crab (who is 3").  The order shows 6 sea animals, but only 1 came in a large box.  None of it makes sense.
Not as advertised  The doll on the left is what I got from Target after getting this very disappointing, tiny, falsely advertised doll on the right. Just saying.
I think this disney tsum tsum is not from disney store. it likes a cheap copy.
Very disappointed in this product  Very disappointed in this product.  It reminded me of something you would win at the county fair at one of the game booths.  It was not plush at all and very disappointing to my 5y/o grandson.  You may want to look up the word plush.  Shame on you for this overpriced low quality item.
Tiny expensive trash.  These officially licensed PvZ plushes look like garbage compared to the Chinese knockoffs you'll find all over ebay and amazon.  It's sad that the knock offs look more like the actual in-game zombies than the genuine dolls.  These things look practically nothing like the one in the game and costs $10+, meanwhile the cheap $2 ones' colors may be a little off in some cases but most of them look exactly like the real thing should...not to mention the official ones are tiny 5-7" and the knock offs are 11" and are proportionately shaped.  The Chinese ones may not have some of the fine details like the official ones such as fish on the shoes, rings on the finger, etc. but those tiny details are barely noticeable on the tiny plush and don't make up for it not even looking like it's an officially licensed product.  The official ones do come with plastic eyeballs, so I guess that's a plus or a negative depending on how you feel about that, but I think the sewn eyes of the knockoffs look better and more varied.  In both cases, the quality itself is about the same.  I don't usually advocate for people to go out of their way to buy knock offs from China, but this is one of the very few cases where the bootleggers actually did it better.  Look at the pictures I added and you can see this one compared to the others.  It stands out pretty obvious.
Didnt hold up against a Corgi.
adorable looking dinosaur sounds like Godzilla  This friendly, adorable looking dinosaur sounds like Godzilla :( it is smaller than you think and expensive for the size it is. All around diappointing purchase.
Dupted  The doll looks nothing like the Ana plush doll (20"). This doll is smaller and has a plastic face and hair.
Looks great before hitting the buton to play the song  Looks great before hitting the buton to play the song. Minnie's head goes crazy...it's so loud you can't hear the song Minnie is singing. We sent ours back the next day....very disappointed!
Piece of junk does not light up or play music. Will edit my review if I receive a working one immediately.
Bad quality  Bad quality for the price
Cute but smaller than expected  Cute but very small.  Made more for a child's head than an adult's.
Bootleg
rip off
installed new battery's and it still did not work. returned BB8
way too small  The doll itself is really cute and my daughter loved it, but for the price it is WAY too small and the voice is so quiet you can hardly hear what she is saying.
WAY over priced
Plush Toy  There is nothing plush about this item!  The word plush make one think that it is like a stuffed animal, but far from it!  Do not buy.
The product foot pain undone after 2 weeks cheap quality
Unexceptable!  I am soooo dissapointed/ angry that I received this cute little stuffed toy for my 1 year old niece and it arrived with a very STRONG smell of Marijuana (seller by A Baby Boutique)!!!! I've let it air out for a week now, and the puppy still has a strong smell of weed. This is very unexceptable and would like a replacement or my money back. I do not see how can I give this toy to my 1 year old niece.
sorry  sorry i don't get the item but was my mistake i put other adress but i bougth other doll and was great
Very poor quality and all printed. Even the blue parts. Looks almost second handed and dirty.
The price was good so I just kept it  Got it and it didn't work. The price was good so I just kept it. It would have been too much of a hassle to send it back.
Not a happy birthday boy  I didn't get George. I got Peppa. Not a happy birthday boy
i think mine was haunted  Now the product itself is wonderful and I love the character and anime he comes from but.. Mine moved on its own quite a lot and caused nightmares if I slept near it..
HORRIBLE  I have absolutely no idea how this toy got as many stars as it did. This is the worst toy I have ever bought and if I could give it zero stars I would. I purchased two of these and they both stopped working within two weeks. I didn't have it in me to go back to the store a third time. It is still sitting in my sons toy box and he won't play with it because it won't turn on. It is too heavy of a toy to carry around if it doesn't even do anything. My son is very gentle with his toys and he treated it with great care and it still broke. Maybe they have fixed the issues with and that's why it has so many stars now.
Toy did not work.  Item received did not produce sound in mid-section as written in description.
poor review  It was all bent in a plastic  bag. The head is floppy, it doesnt stay straight , it flops over. It is not made well.. It looks cheap, though it was a 50 dollar item...Not worth the price.. Over priced even for a retired item..
Andrea Kwaszko.  The company not send me  the actual product is total different picture. I disagree whit that  !!!! Is only 1 cat. SHOULD NOT LIE WITH PICTURES OF WHAT IS BEING SOLD.
FAIL  This item doesn't work on our tile, wood or carpeted floors!  The wheels spin way too fast and the mouse doesn't even move.  It occasionally spins in a circle but that's it.  No way to change the speed of the wheels.  Disappointing.
Smaller than anticipated  This little guy was tiny!! I had hoped for something more substantial to pair with the book as a gift.
What I received was nothing like the product picture.
very disappointed  Why to much money ,  for what it is , very disappointed
Broke the first time it was used.  The arm broke off the very first tinge it was used. I was so disappointed.
Much Bigger Than Advertised  This is MegaTigger.  We ordered it as a back-up for our 15 month old daughter's favorite Tigger stuffed animal.  However, the "12 Inch Tigger" comes up to our daughter's chin!  Our girl is 29 inches tall.  We ended up giving MegaTigger away to a visiting friend, and she loved it.  Perfect for a five year old.
2/5 ehh  I am not so happy with this. I got the sitting ver. and it is not the best looking plush.
Works BUT no volume  Works BUT no volume - goes through 4 AA batteries every 2 weeks.
My son is happy with it  My son is happy with it, but it has a very strong flowery perfume smell.  Why?  It gives me such a headache, I put it outside hoping the scent will diminish,
Not worth the money  It was not put together well...especially for the price.  I've received better stuffed toys from a carnival.  The teeth were sticking out, not down like the pic shows.
Do not buy this. It is not at all what is being shown in the photo. It's about 6", it didn't have the correct tag, or the same hair or headband and was poorly made.
Not even the same COLOR!  I ordered one of these and got the right colors. I ordered another one and received a GREY Cat in the Hat.  I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!
Broke after only a few months  Got this for my 6 month old for Christmas. We choice this one because my older two have Scout and Violet and I wanted my youngest to have a different one. I was really excited about all the extra features Cora had. About 2 months after getting her, the hand buttons stopped working. Disappointed I continued to use her at night because the music in her foot still worked. Those finally went out and all the buttons stopped working except the heart. After only having this bear for 6 months, she was no better than a stuffed animal.
It moos!!  I was disappointed when this thing came in. I purchased this for a Christmas present for my niece, she loves the movie Home. I was excited to see it looked like Oh, but upon inspection to make sure it works I was stunned to hear these bizzar noises. This Oh sounds like a damn Teletubby, it giggles, screams, and moos. I'm sure my niece will love it none the less, but my god the manufacturers could have thrown some quotes from the movies into his vocabulary. Granet the mooing is from the interrupting cow joke, but if one has never watched the movie you would not understand the annoying sounds. I gave this 2 stars because of this. Worse on the box it has quotes from the movie and it doesn't even say them. Here's a video I couldn't upload it through the app,  https://youtu.be/Iao6xC2SNWs
This fox looked very cute in the picture, but in person it is very cheaply made. The limbs are barely sewn on, only held on by a couple of threads. It is also very shapeless compared to the picture. Definitely not worth the price, and will not stand up to play when given to a small child.
Poor quality item  Item is smaller than expected.  The workmanship is inferior.  It is not a quality plush toy. The bottom seam is ripped.  It arrived ripped.  There is a 2" tear. It does not look like a new toy. I am extremely disappointed. I could not recommend this item or its seller. I have never written a negative review. This item called for one.
That you might get the wrong one  I got the wrong plushie it was fun time foxy from Five Nights at Freddy's sister location. It's still cute though.
doesnt work as promised  we didn't use the music, I just wanted the light (glow) it worked good for first night as described but than it went down hill :( would light up couple times in row as if it had overheat protection build in. you had to wait 5 min to light it again and than it would light only for 1 or 2 min. :( sending it back. gonna try the seahorse
Difference?  Can't tell the difference between the offical and generic plush besides the price. With that being said, save your money.
It was not advertised to be a keychain
HAS A TAIL!  The reason i chose this rating is because i thought it was going to be a "normal" boo, but it has a tanuki tail. None of the statements or pictures reflected this
Very disappointed.  We are very disappointed with the doll. The head is severely deformed as if it is warped or melted. The face isn't even round.
Do not buy this horse, spend the extra few dollars and get a nicer one. This "toy" had rusted out bolts that wouldn't connect to the wood rocker because it was the wrong size. The bandanna was a cheap piece of cloth way too small for the horse. Bought for a friend's daughter for her birthday and had to get something else because I was embarrassed to bring such a cheap toy over!
Pretty low quality  Not the same one as depicted.  Pretty low quality.
Small  Really surprised at how small it was -
Fake!  This is a fake.  My daughter opened it for Easter and right away she noticed it was different.  She mentioned that the face looks angry and it does.  Don't buy.  Waste of money.
Not happy. Most look derpy and I only received 8 of the 9 (no sylveon). In any case, I'll be looking elsewhere for the better quality ones.
When I ordered this product I expected something close to the picture and got nothing near close to it. What I got was a poorly made attempt at creating the picture for this plush. Below are some pictures of the one I received. Now I expect most things to be a BIT different from the selling photo, but not this different. The sewing is mediocre. On the back of the one I ordered some of the stitching was loose and the stuffing starting to come out. Order with CAUTION for you may get a very goofy and poorly made Espeon.
Not what is pictured  The face looks a lot bigger and  the mouth looks wider in this photo. The item i got instead was a very small, stout and did not look like the boo at all in the photo. I would swear it was a boot leg or some junk that wasn't official if the tag didn't check out right. i am very disappointed! the tongue sticks out funny, the eyes are smaller, the whole tongue can be shoved back in the mouth if wanted to. also the packaging is terrible. one of the teeth is permanatly stuck in an up position because it was shoved in the plastic wrapping. If possible, skip buying these on line and find some in a japanese toy store.
Stopped working right after 3 weeks.  Loved this! mr. baby loved it too. Unfortunately; approx 3 weeks after having this, there was an issue. It stops working. I have to take out the sound box, turn it off, and restart or reset it in order for it to work again. Very inconvenient when trying to get Mr. baby to fall asleep. The intended purpose of this bear was for Mr. Baby to have the music to fall asleep with. Sigh.,....
Cheaply sewn  I gave this to my 8 month old daughter. She didn't even have it for more then 10 minutes and it broke. The piece that is green and red on one side the stitching came undone. Luckily I know how to sew. Seems cheaply sewn
I am very disappointed with that part  The overall toy is cute, but the batteries were dead and there was battery acid everywhere.  I am very disappointed with that part.
Poor quality  I tried and tried to get the battery door open. My brother worked on it too until we both had sore hands. Not worth the struggle.
My wife loved it but it does not talk as advertised . What should I do ??
Not genuine.  Ugly.  Mine can today and looks nothing like the picture .  Not a Tommy product.
Came with tail ripped
Much smaller than expected.
Disappointed.... Way to high priced for construction, had to pay Amazon to return !
Accurately pictured, its just not a very accurate-looking nor pleasant-to-hold doll of the Heartless Shadow  It does look as pictured, the more fundamental problem is that this doll just doesn't do the actual Heartless Shadow character any justice when compared to the appearance in the game(s). Its also very rigid and coarse to the touch, so its both barely maneuverable and unpleasant to hold. If you're looking for accuracy, or simply a nicer-feeling plush doll, you're better off looking elsewhere.
These are not 9 inches as advertised. These are the same plush characters you can find at a chain store for much cheaper. I am not happy about paying significantly more for a product I can easily pick-up another store.
Not the same Tigger in the picture  The Tigger I got doesn't look like the one in the picture. The coloring was way off and lot lighter.
One dissatisfied customer  I admit this is my fault, as I didn't learn enough before ordering, but the seller(s) need to mention this is NOT the official Funko plush. No, I am not satisfied, but like I said, my fault. Buyers beware if you are looking for official products.
Carnival Quality  The new fad in our house is Barney; so of course I wanted to order a good sized Barney for my child to carry around the house. I was excited when I came across this and ordered right away. I was so disappointed when this arrived. The quality is such that you would expect of a stuffed animal won at a carnival. It even had a tacky, nasty golden loop sewn t the back of his head. Both arms had small holes where the stuffing was coming out. I would highly recommend saving your money and looking elsewhere.
sounds like something you would hear in a horror  Very cute and soft but the music it plays is creepy! The song plays very slow and choppy, sounds like something you would hear in a horror movie
Very small  I do not recall measurements on this product. I'm sure they were somewhere, but probably as small as the pillow ended up being.
Not Exactly As Advertised  The eevee looks angry and has weird psychodelic eyes like its on something.
Outrageous Price  I ordered 10 of these elephants and LOVE them! I went to reorder and the price has DOUBLED?!! Ridiculous!
Over priced and not as cute as other offers.  These won't stand up, and the bodies are crooked.
Amusement Park Version.  This is the amusement park version. We have the exact same one from our local amusement park.  It's filled with pellets and is not very cute or cozy.  My kids love it, I dislike it a lot.  It's probably worth $6.
Pop goes nothing  Not very functional
Poor Quality and Even Worse Design  This toy is very poorly made. The seams are weak and shoddy and it looks like something you might win at a carnival.  That's not the biggest problem, though. The "talking" part requires batteries, which are the AR44 watch battery--three of them--which are difficult to find, expensive, and very awkward to install. You have to take the insides of the toy out (no small task) and then use a Phillips screwdriver to open the case.  This thing should use a single AAA battery with a snap-shut compartment.  My trio of batteries for this cost $12.59...which is almost as much as the toy itself.  I could never recommend this thing and would return it if it was not a gift.
Disappointing  It came in looking incredibly low-quality and not like the picture at all.
Furby's are from Satan herself!  THIS IS THE WORST TOY FOR ANY CHILD,  I purchased it for my son, and it was already awake in the box, WITHOUT BATTERIES. It worked for roughly 2 weeks after that, but then I was watching America's Got Talent in the living room, and I heard a scream from my sons room. The Furby was standing on top of my son, with a butcher knife and a Desert Eagle, with a blunt in it's mouth. I attempted to pick up the furby, but it grew spikes out of it's back, and stabbed my hands. It shot my son, and stabbed me. We both went to the hospital, but my son died way before we arrived. I was healed up just fine however. We ended up having to move, because the furby claimed the home as his own. No one has visted that area since. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!
Qill never but this crap again. Waste of  This Thing broke within a week. My son never played with it unless supervised.  Qill never but this crap again. Waste of money
EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY  EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY. This item looked cheesy from the beginning, but my grandson wanted it so badly that I purchased it for him. Didn't last five minutes before the arms ripped off and he was in tears.
Ugly and cheap-looking  We have purchased our share of Pokemon characters in recent years. This is the ugliest Pikachu I have seen. It is not very plush and looks much worse in person than in the picture. It looks like something a kid would win at a carnival. It is WAY overpriced for the quality. Also, I assumed that it was 6" total, including the clip. The Pikachu itself was 6". I don't know who would want something hanging from their backpack that is that large (and ugly/cheap looking!).  If you want a Pikachu clip for your backpack, order the "beanie baby" version of Pikachu and sew on your own clip. I hate returning items because it is a pain and I don't like to pay return shipping. This company replied to my return request saying there would also be a 15% restocking fee. Seriously??? It's not a TV or piece of furniture!!
Disappointed !  We love Elmo and was sad to see the poor quality of this toy! Quality of this ball is horrible. Was expecting a more durable toy for a child. Don't waste your money !
This is a really cute little doll - and I mean "little".  There wasn't a size listed in the description but I had no idea it would be super tiny.  Too small to fit into any doll stroller or other accessories.  I'm sending it back.  I didn't take it out of the package but it's no more than 12" from the top of the head to the tips of the toes.
Doesn't not smell like a strawberry at all! Returned immately after opening (Christmas).
Probably the worst thing I've brought off amazon  Probably the worst thing I've brought off amazon , my daughter is 18months so she didn't realize. How crappy this doll is both legs are crocked the shoes almost point.backwards no way to.fix it . waste of 15bucks
the eyes looked worn and overall it looks dirty..  I believe mine was repackaged, he looked old and used, the eyes looked worn and overall it looks dirty...He looks nothing like the picture: his headband is too high and can't be pulled down,the shape of his head and eyebrows are hilarious he looks derpy.
Five inches is stretch..
Worst Tsum Tsum I have purchased  Got the "angry" version with angry looking eyes, and the hat is on the side of the head instead of on the top.... less cute, and just shows false advertising. Very disappointed.
Definitely not worth the money  The unicorn itself is very cute. My 8 year old daughter loved it, until we noticed as she pulled it out of the box that it had a very large hole in it. I paid way to much money for this to have that happen. And after paying over $30 for rush shipping, still did not get it in time for Christmas. Will not purchase anything from this company again.
Super tanooki  I like this , is perfect size, is soft , beautifull colors, adorable, my little boy is very happy, thank you for that
Horrible  I just bought this for my son for xmas.  The back of the head is ripped open in a huge hole.  I am going to return this item for a new one only bc my son loves the monkey and he has been crying since yesterday.  I don't understand how the back of the head could rip ridicilous
Way to small. Very disatisfied and antlers don't stick up there all wrinkly. Wish i never bought this
Ripped after one wash  I have a hard time only giving this lamb a one star however when it ripped after washing it once, I was very disappointed. My daughter loves this lamb, she snuggles it but I have to sew it up. Wish it was better quality. But do love the blanket.
Not as pictured  We returned this puppy. The picture is cute but the puppy isn't the same as the picture. He's long and cheaply made.
Not what I ordered.  I ordered a PLUSH GIZMO not an electronic one that can't be played with by my young grandchild.
this one is much smaller and doesn't make noise so I'm afraid we are in for some disappointment Christmas morning  We had received a larger plush Chase for a birthday present a few months back that made sounds.  Needless to say, this one is much smaller and doesn't make noise so I'm afraid we are in for some disappointment Christmas morning.  Please make sure you read the fine print, especially considering the price point.
Looks nothing like the picture does way smaller and deformed looking not worth the price at all
The sound did not work.
It made for a good giggle but they weren't what I paid for  The turtles I received had their head sewn on upside down.  It made for a good giggle but they weren't what I paid for.
Ridiculously overpriced.  Ridiculously overpriced.
Dont waste your money.  Don't waste your money. It says it uses AA on the product. It doesn't, it's AAA. My son got to enjoy this 2 bath times before the product developed a mind of its own. Idk if it was from water getting in (supposedly water CANT) or how it's made. It would not turn off and stay off. I would wake up to the lights on in the middle of the night, or i would turn it off and before I got my son in his towel it would already be back on. Eventually, it wouldn't even turn off. I removed the batteries and threw it in the trash.
Was really small and raggedy... Didn't look new.
disappointed  It did not sing when we got it :-( so we had to send it back which was more inconvenience
Too small
Mine his two arms weren't sown on properly and one has fell off
Its cute just much smaller than I had expected.
Received wrong character  Very upset...I ordered the Bonnie an received the bear freddy. Not very happy considering it was sapost to be a Christmas present.
I to love the Boo stuffed animal  I bought this as a Valentine's day gift for my precious girlfriend who absolutely adored it. I to love the Boo stuffed animal. What I did not like it that I felt it was damaged because it was squashed in the plastic and we were not able to fluff him up. There was also a deformity in the stuffed animal's nose.  I would either like another Boo stuffed Animal sent to me or a refund. I
cheap crap  They look better in the photo. They look like the junk you get out of the crane machines. Way overpriced for what you get.
Terrible! It don't even come on!@  I would give it 0 stard if I could!  I bought this for my grand daughter's birthday. It arrived and has never worked!
Poorly made and packaged!  After spending over 25.00 for this item, the item was poorly packaged and one of the arms promptly fell off. I sewed the arm back on and my grand daughter loves her Rayquaza, but Granny here, is a bit disappointed!
Not cuddly  This... was disappointing. This stuff animal looks so soft and super cuddly! It's not.
I think this listing needs to be fixed. The plush is nice enough. In the listing it misleads stating it makes a hiss.  I was looking to buy the one with sound.  What I actually got was a big plush that is all. Should be noted when I searched for creeper with sound this item came up. I only gave it two stars because the plush itself is nice looking but overall I'm super disappointed.
Not as advertised! No sound chip.  There was no sound chip in any of the 3 toys included - total ripoff! Returning. Tags on toys say "plush ball" and have a different appearance than the ones pictured in the product listing. Too bad; my dogs loved the ones with sound, and those are getting hard to find. I'd give this zero stars if I could.
Its not the same as the Picture
Fake!  Dont waste your time on this  Fake!  $14 spent and it looks like something youd get out of a claw machine.  No tags.  My son noticed immediately that it the quality was poor.  Disappointed for the money that we spent.
Bootleg
Read the description carefully.  Cute doll but the description is a bit misleading. The size is in cm and not inches so it is much smaller than expected but I wasn't' carful enough in reading. Expensive for the size.
Looks like it popped out of Gizmo's back.  Please note that this is not a licensed product as described. It is poorly constructed as far as lovable stuffed critters go. It reminds me of something one might pull out of an evil claw machine. I am not certain if we received the same item that other reviewers are describing as "good quality." While our son loves it, the fur falls out easily (just by holding it) and it was placed in spaced out layers, meaning there is about an eighth of an inch of bare fabric between each row of fur. Think of dollar store doll hair. Yeah, that. The face is not sewn on well either.  He looks more like a Mogwai that popped out of Gizmo's back after he got wet. Haha. I do not imagine this guy will last very long. For the price, I highly suggest looking for a better quality one.
This is actually not black its gray! =(
Not what I ordered  I ordered a plush Gizmo for my daughter for Christmas. I got the dancing Gizmo. The dancing gizmo is listed for about $10 less than what I paid for the one that I thought was going to be a stuffed animal. I am not happy at all.
False advertising!  This is not the doll that was in the picture!  She does not have a hard face, it is an ugly soft face.  I could have found the doll they gave me for half the price or less in stores.  Beware!!!!
Tag States Not for resale  This item i sent back as it states right on the tag not for resale and is a fair prize.  It looks and feels like a cheaper made fair prize.  If you do not mind that quality then you will be fine, honestly if you played fair games you would likely pay more in tickets to win this then paid on amazon, but my son got a licensed minion which has plastic goggles and side by side could not keep this one.  Sent it back and paid 30 for the other one.
Extremely disappointing.  Terrible item, fell apart after a few uses, stitching came completely apart.  Smelled like it had been on the boat a long time.  Do not go with this brand
Falls apart, but 8 uear still loves it!  I personally don't care for FNAF, but that's because I'm an adult! But my 8 year won't let go of it!!! She sleeps with it. BUT IT FALLS APART!!!! THE EYE PATCH HAS NO SEWING UNDER IT AND THE SEAMS IM THE BACK ARE CONING OUT NEAR THE BUTTOCK AREA. I've had to sew it twice now,and I ish I would have spent he extra for a better one!!
Beware,poorly made  These broke in the first week of wearing.  Sure would like my money back.
not good  Dissatisfied not as stated.  Item is small not large. For 35.00 plus it should be bigger that a pillow but it is not. Not to mention it at the time did not say it was a baby product
The toy itself is super cool which is why I ordered it  The toy itself is super cool which is why I ordered it... but the one sent to me was in terrible condition... I ordered this to use as a prop for my son's newborn photos and it was advertised as a NEW; but the box housing the product was damaged, the "I Talk" sticker had come off leaving impossible-to-remove adhesive dried onto the fabric, and it doesn't make any sounds or light up... This was clearly a DAMAGED, USED, and REPACKAGED product.  We are scheduled to take pictures tomorrow and now we don't have a TARDIS for the Dr WHO photos...  I am extremely disappointed...  I've applied for a refund, but that doesn't help me with why I ordered this in the first place.
Does NOT talk  Definitely does NOT talk. I don't know why you would label it as such.  Not worth sending back, but my daughter was disappointed.
AHHHHHHH!  It will not work!  In all the years I have NEVER written a review on amazon.  I have a Distraught Elmo loving 3 year old little girl crying  with her "Big Elmo" from Santa who will NOT WORK this morning!!  She is crying and pleading with him to talk and trying to fix him with her Doc McStuffin kit.  Update: After a fifteen minute conversation with Hasbro.  They say will be sending a new one.  Just told my daughter that Elmo needs to go back to Santa's workshop to see the Elmo Dr. . . . .  January 13th:  Still waiting for Elmo.  Called Hasbro again and they said that they need to receive our Elmo back and it will take WEEKS for a new one to come.
not as expected  This looks nothing like the actual panda. It's super small and not fluffy, it feels like it needs a lot more stuffing. Not recommended :(
This plush is the worst plush I have ever seen in my life
Disappointed  Disappointed,  item dirty and not new as picture and was charged $4.99 shipping when it only cost $2.35.  No tag on item either as shown.
I claim this a 2 star, for the same reasons as the 1 star by Crossed Cookie, because originally there was a different product shown in the first picture (and I forget/ don't_think there were other pictures), and the product I received was not the first picture, which was what I was expecting.  As of 02/19/15 unless it changes again, the 3 pictures shown are the ones of the plush you will get (larger face and eyes, not the smaller shaped face with more details, which I thought was a cuter plush).  On it's own, it still looks ok and is a good plush, with a fair amount of detail in the clothes, hat, etc.  The proportions of the face and the way the eyes look aren't as good as what was previously pictured, though.
Why reviews for other items???!!  Most of these reviews do not pertain to this lighted toy!
It's not fluffy at all  I should have read the reviews before I ordered this item. The picture showed a fluffy unicorn and I even zoomed in to see the detail. The one we received today is not fluffy at all! Apparently they just made one fluffy one for advertising purpose and made the rest of the batch cheap. Imagine the disappointment your child would have when they opened the box and ready to scream "It's soooo fluffy!", only to find out it's not.
I don' t really like  I don't like so much because its' so small . Well my soon he loved the princess patch he is happy im not
Doll is okay, but actually appears more attractive in the photo than what you actually get. It's also not as tall as I had expected; bought it for a 16 month old and she doesn't play with it much. Maybe she's not a doll girl?
don't buy this doll  First there are 2 versions of this doll, one has software with all sorts of windows conflicts and you can't download ANY additional names to it.  This doll made my computer freeze and other problems, I had to uninstall MS Groove (an Office product) to get it to work properly.  It does NOT have dad, daddy, brother, sister, or many other names.  I saw dad and daddy on the website so though those issues were resolved, but NO.  And customer service won't help.  It just isn't worth the money at all.  Spend your hard earned money elsewhere.
Very disappointed not what I wanted  Very disappointed not what I wanted!! I was replacing the one I had and this one was a third of the size of my first one!! Same doll not worth the price what so ever! When I saw it I thought it was a joke!!
Cheap  I don't usually write reviews but - Seriously?!?  I cannot believe Amazon is charging more than $8 for this cheap game. It's worth $99 cents if that. How disappointing.
Disappointed  I thought this was so cute and was really excited to introduce this to my 5 month old son because of the giggles.  Unfortunately you can barely hear the sound effects at all.  I have several other Gund baby toys with sound effects and this is the only one that has been a total disappointment.
Needs sewing repair after 2 days  Poor sewing quality. The seams have already begun to rip apart and threads are hanging out on detail embroidery and my son has had it for only 2 days.
This is NOT an authentic Minecraft product. This arrived in the mail without any tags and not in a Minecraft original box like shown in picture and is much smaller than 12 inches. It looks NOTHING like the picture. It is over stuffed and hard as a rock. It looks like someone hand sewn the zombie together. The stitching is crooked and uneven in several places. My five year old opened the box, took one good look, and said please send this back, this doesnt even look like a real Minecraft toy. You know its bad when a child can identify this right off the bat. I was so disgusted I paid $30 for a cheap knock off stuffed animal and even more disgusted the pictures were false and misleading. He collects all of the Mincraft stuffed animals, so we know exactly what is fake and what isnt.
poorly cut  My daughter was rather disappointed in the poor cutting of the fabric to create the hair.  Luckily it was just a felt applique and we were able to "fix" it for her, but still that is diappointing that we had to,
Really disappointed with the quality  Purchased the Pigeon for my 5 year old son and after only a couple of days, it began to fall apart. Really disappointed with the quality.
super cute, but light dies after a week.  Ordered a replacement, light dies after a week again.
Received a cheap knockoff of a different character, order at your own risk.
Doesnt look like whats in the main pictuee  Does not look like the picture at all. Very disappointed.
Smelt like meat  We have a toy story fanatic and bought her this woody doll. When we received it we noticed he smelt like a jerky or smoked meat type of smell. Washed him with a few other toys and they all smell like Dreft, whole Woody still smells like jerky! Anyone else notice this?
Item seams fell apart within 2 days of having it and I had to see it back together. Cheaply made.
Received damaged. .. didn't make a sound.  My son is devastated.  Thanks a lot
Cheap made  Smaller than the other dolls like Fiona and bubblegum, also the hair is made out of felt. Not near as quality product as I have purchased from adventure time plush
No box?  Weird that it didn't come in a box.  Otherwise fine.
Not worth it  Not worth it
Knuckles  Quality was not explained. It is like something you win at a carnival. More orange than red. Dissapointed I would not reccomend if child knows anything about the video game. I would send it back but my grandson already ripped the tag and I had to sew it back together.
Horrible!!!  It's rare for me to do reviews, but this doll is just awful!!! My daughter had this doll from Target (for $28) and unfortunately it broke during play...her fault not manufacturer defect. We ordered a replacement from this company Just Play and it looks nothing like the original or the picture. The Anna doll she received is cross-eyed and all of her coloring is different. She is missing her freckles and her lips are a completely lighter and barely there. Buyer beware!!! This is not the doll we received. My daughter cried when she saw the new one.
Cute but would be cutest if the nose was attached correctly  Cute toy but nose is on wrong
Not recommended!  Very disappointed in the size.  It's less than 4.5" as advertised.  Unless you want something really small, don't buy this.
So Sad!  I'm so disappointed.  I bought this cute Rudolph for my granddaughter's first Christmas.  It looked great, unfortunately it didn't play any music.  It's nose blinked for a short time then stopped.  It's definitely not worth it.  I'm returning it.
Very disappointed!!  Nooooooooo.... Very disappointed!!!
Unable to return, received as duplicate gift. Still in mailing package.
Disappointed  Tiny!!! Not at all what was advertised. The one I received was only 11 inches. Will not be sending back as I don't have the time but very disappointed.
It scared my child.  Shes creepy. Get the one where the hair isn't part of the pillow, its individually braided.
Bought new, got used.  Product had some differences from the stock photo, it also was advertised as brand new, however it did not come with any tags. Arrived earlier than expected. 4/10
Not what I wanted at all  The plush was not as expected. Was much smaller and did not look like Pebbles at all. Very dissapointed.
Ghost  Was kind of cheap looking, for the price, probably because it is a mario thing. Seems like all their stuff is pricey for what it is.
Doesn't look anything like the picture.
Sound dead fast  Sound stopped working after few weeks. It was gift for overseas so i couldn't return it. Devastated 4 year old girl.
must be a large dog in a small body  A little disappointed.  It's really 7 inches tall, not the 11 inches posted for height.  Calling this large is a stretch. Mine has a rip in the ear so I'm not impressed with quality control either.  I need it for Christmas so I will fashion a bandage for that ear.  Yeahhhhh I needed one more project.
Horrible quality  No tag showing this is a real Pokmon.  The wings were sewed on upside down and the mouth was only half sewn on.  Sent it back for a refund.
Missing the PEPPA pig doll  Very dissapointed!!!  In the title + description said that the order was coming with peppa plus George included. I bought this for my little niece which was so exited to get the doll PEPPA PIG which is the main character.but instead i just received George. They should change their tittle to just George because PEPPA DOESNT COME!! Like is says In the description. However I'm not buying from them ever again.
Expired  My 5year old daughter saw this movie with some older family members and wanted Gizmo. I ordered it, knowing it might be hard to find. Got it a day after promised. When I did receive it and gave it to my daughter, the hands and feet fell out because the glue was so old. I knew not to get my hopes up from a 20year old toy, so I was not upset.
So so  Loses fur everywhere after on one day. Very limited music/playing variety. Very hard, even under the fur. Don't let your child whack themself or you in the head with this thing!
looks very cheap and doesn't look like tinkerbell..
If it hadn't have been coming apart in that one spot I'd given it 5 stars because for the price it looks great.  It was cute, but the stitching was coming apart on the foot.  I needed it for a diaper cake for a baby shower that week so I didn't even try to return it.  If it hadn't have been coming apart in that one spot I'd given it 5 stars because for the price it looks great.
not satisfied at all  It has rips under the hat, the overalls detached and a string holding the wings together came off! Totally dissatisfied!!
like a stuffed bass  Don't get me wrong it's cute, but i got it to put on the wall for my sons nursery, like a stuffed bass. Its tiny!! Definitely won't be using it for a wall mount. I wish they would have put some thing next to out to show the size.
Where is the grandma?  Product didn't include the grandma.... Very disappointing.
Its a Fake! Not A Sanshee  Received it in the mail and its not a Sanshee at all. Its a cheap imitation. My kid was so disappointed. DO NOT BUY!
not good.  I received the wrong domo... it is a 12"5... and not the right color..... not good.
Not satisfied  My girlfriend bought one of these at Disney World and it was cute and fluffy. The one we received from this order looked like Egore. I don't know if the one I received was a fluke, but I was not satisfied.
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT  This is NOT a 10" toy. I received the product and it measured 7.5" See attached photo.
It's to small I don't not about size but I spect  somethings bigger
It's really small  I brought this for my eldest so and it literally fits in the palm of his hands. I brought one like this from toys r us for 10 bucks.
Buyer beware!  Please be advised that this seller is selling fake knockoff plushes. We received this plush today and it is not an offical Nintendo made plush. The plush has a red hat that is supposed to say "Nintendo" on his hat the word is misspelled. It says Ninlendo. The quality is very poor and the seams of the toy are very weak. So weak that you can see the filing inside. It is not of the Nintendo quality that I am familiar with. It looks like we won it through an arcade game at the bowling alley. My son has nearly 40 Super Mario Plushes that we have all bought through Amazon. This is the first one that we have been dissatisfied with. It is so disappointing that this had to happen. I see other reviewers have had the same problem. Please save yourself the trouble and buy the one that is a couple dollars more expensive and get the real deal.
Fun if you can get it to download!  I, like many of the other reviewers, had A LOT of trouble downloading to the toy.  I don't know much about computer systems or software so I'm not sure which Windows software I have; XP, 2000, who knows...  I tried my computer at home and 4 computers at my work with no luck.  It would either download partially and then say the download was unsuccessful or it would not let me download at all and say the doll was not connected (When it absolutely was!).  I called customer service and they were of NO help.  It had now been 3 days of hell trying to get this stupid thing to work...  I was on my way to return the toy when I thought about trying it one last time.  I used a computer at my husband's work and it was successful!  I have no idea why that computer was different than the others I tried but it worked. It's a fun toy, my child likes it, but it was one of the most frustrating experiences of my life.  It's a shame that Fisher-Price is selling this toy when there are obviously still kinks that need to be worked out. My only advice to people is to try several different computers.  But, if I knew then what a hassle this was going to be I would have never bought it...
The Espeon I got looks NOTHING at all like the picture up top  The Espeon I got looks NOTHING at all like the picture up top. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars so because Espeon is one of my favorite Pokemon and it arrived 2 weeks early
I like the coin bag but the eyes almost immediately fell off.
Very disappointed not the one that it shows or that everyone else got shown in the pictures
unhappy  These are not genuine licensed product, they are cheap knockoffs. I was very disappointed when I received them, especially at the price I paid. I found the real thing in stores for less than these cost me. So buyer beware, if you want the real deal, these are NOT it!!
What a waste.  I bought these to wear at work today at my hospital. Very unhappy with these as they didn't even work properly. They're way small and one antler didn't even light up so it looked ridiculous. Then fur kept flying off everywhere. What a waste.
DISGUSTING  Does everyone who purchased this doll for their children realize that they are glorifying a mass murderer? Che was and international terrorist. He said: Id like to confess, at that moment I discovered that I really like killing. He eliminated the free press to further his communist mission. He was a racist, saying: "The blacks, those magnificent examples of the African race who have maintained their racial purity thanks to their lack of an affinity with bathing, have seen their territory invaded by a new kind of slave: the Portuguese. Che also hated the United States, saying: If the nuclear missiles had remained [in Cuba], we would have used them against the very heart of America, including New York CityWe will march the path of victory even if it costs millions of atomic victimsWe must keep our hatred alive and fan it to paroxysm. It's appalling to me that Amazon would even sell any Che products. Please educate yourselves about who this man really was.
like a carnival game prize  Cheaply made, like a carnival game prize.  Not meant to be played with. The neck seam tore after only one day.
it is not like the one in the picture
Not as described  Product dimensions not even a little as descibed.  There is no possible way to measure this thing and come up with 9".  Just barely 6x5, length by height.  It's kinda cute, but not what was ordered.  Definitely cheap, but that was expected for the price.
The doll is great after several days of it not being squished up  Was not expecting the doll to come squished up in a small box. The doll is great after several days of it not being squished up. When I opened it for my son on xmas morning he was a bit taken back that Elmo was squished up so small. Maybe look at the shipping of the doll.
Fell apart after 4 Days!  I bought this for my son's 5th birthday last Tuesday, May 3rd 2016 (8 days ago) as of today. The eyebrows fell off the first night. The crown on top of head came off the 4th day. Currently has loose stings of thread hanging from various other spots. My little guy is devastated. He's had plush figures from the 50 cent machine for years that are still going strong but this relatively expensive plush ($13.49) has fallen apart after a mere 4 days. I don't know what I can do but I guess I'll try to contact Amazon about possibly replacing it. Also bought him the Dry Bones plush for $9.15 and the 10" Bowser plush for $19.24 and both of those are falling apart already too (eyebrows, crowns falling off, head fell off Dry Bones). We are extremely disappointed in the quality of this/these products especially considering how expensive they are. Would NOT recommend for anyone to buy this for a child. For display or collecting would probably be fine.
meh. not that educational  not much of an educational toy. unless education means knowing how to buckle a plastic buckle.
Horrible! Beware!  First time we've ever had to return an item. Also, learned a hard lesson, in that need to physically check out what consumers write, to make sure they're for real. The 5 star reviews appear to be fake. Very obvious when I check their "purchase history". Very cheap toy. Didnt even put batteries in as there was a crack already where one of the screws went in.
Fake Garbage!!!!!!  This is a fake Bulbasaur!!! Not an official TOMY plush!!!! This guy is sending out knock off merchandise now! I wouldn't spend one dollar on what I received!
Cute toy, but it broke!  It's a great toy and my daughter loved it until it broke.  I took it apart and had to resolder a loose wire...bad design.  Every time the button on the chest is pushed, it catches the wires inside and works them loose.  Of course, it died about 10 days after the return period ended.
it's too big, not a key chain, more of a toy you can get in a claw toy machine.
Very disappointed 5 year old in my house  First one I bought, the hat came loose. Got money back and ordered another, 2nd toy sound would not work at all. Very disappointed 5 year old in my house.....
My 7-year-old son, upon receiving the much-smaller-than-promised Tummy Stuffer: "I would rather eat bug candy than have a tummy stuffer. This is the worth birthday ever." Stay away! Don't let this happen to your child.
Stiff, won't stand or sit  I wanted to love this little guy. He does have a cute face and soft fur, but his body is so stiff.  His spindly legs are so stiff he can almost stand on his own, but not quite.  Nor is he squishy enough to sit.  And his body is do hard he's not cuddly.  And he's not as big as I expected, he's only a little bigger than a beanie baby.
not what I expected......
Didn't work  The giggle ball never giggled. Didn't work. Super cute and puffy, but no sound. Dissapointed.
never recieved package  I never received my package from "Hobby Hunters." THe postal service blames it on them, and they blame it on the postal service. Regardless, I never actually received my nephews Christmas present. Pretty disappointing.
Size  This is a very cute Walter from the Muppets. The only problem is the description says 12" and it is really about 17 "
Not worth it!!  While this plush toy is cute, it only plays the first line from the song.  My son loves the Ghostbusters so I thought this was perfect however, I am quite disappointed.  The worse part is that it uses 3 button cell batteries that cost me $5.99 EACH at Walgreens to replace.  Totally not worth it.
This was something I'd expect my kid to get out of one of those electronic claw games at the mall. Crap.  Cheap
WARNING DONT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE STITCHING TOOLS OR SOMONE THAT CAN STITCH  The shipping was slow and sonic was ripped in the back in the first 10 minutes I just touched it and it and I felt stuffing honetmy I expected more from this plush it ripped didn't even survive a day and if you don't have stitching tools and Somone that can stitch there goes your money I'm very dissapointed
is absolutely horrible.  Bought this for my 4 year old and she is TINY.  The arms and legs ripped at the seams within a week.  The quality of the product, especially one that is supposed to be "durable" so that it can stretch, is absolutely horrible.
This product is a FAKE  I was finally able to find a real one in a big box store last week. We had the other characters and could tell this was fake from the get go. But once having the real one it's beyond obvious. Even my 5 year old hated this one from the day I gave it to her. Actually the dog drags it around now. Once she got the real one she plays with that all the time. This one the tag on the fake one was a bad photo copy with "DJ Suki" on it, not Poppy.
Don't seem to work like it supposed to  I was wondering why this one is so much cheaper.  It does not work as well as the Elmo version.
Just don't.  Terrible. Ugly. Creepy. Misshapen. Just don't.
Don't waste your money.  We had such high hopes for this little guy, but he's so limited in what he can say and do! It's really pretty disappointing. Don't waste your money.
Dont waste your money!  I would give no stars; however, that's not an option.  Don't purchase unless you want it a month plus later...
Buyer Beware!  Bought this for my 4 year old.  He was excited to get it.  He had it 3 days and the tail at the seam ripped out.  This item is very cheaply made for the price.  Buyers beware!  Spend your money on anything else!
very much disappointed with the size  Bought this for my God daughter's first christmas, very much disappointed with the size. Figured it was full sized stuffed animal. Waste of money.
Her head popped off!  I bought this doll for my 7 year old daughter's birthday.  The plastic head came off the body in just one week.  It popped off at the neck.  There was no way to attach it back, so I returned it.  I had also bought the Elsa doll for my other daughter.  It went back to the store before she could even see it.  I don't recommend this doll.  I really wish the heads didn't pop off because they are cute dolls.
Not authentic Tomy, poor quality copy  It's not bad looking and unfortunately I cannot return it bc my son immediately started playing with it once we opened the package.  But it is definitely not an authentic Tomy product.  It is very cheaply made and I am sure will fall apart very quickly.  It's definitely a copy of the Tomy Charmander and my 7 year likes it but I must give it one star due the exorbitant price.  I even felt that for the authentic Tomy $29.99 seemed very high but for a very poor quality copy the price is just ridiculous.  It should cost no more then $5 to $10.  Do Not Order this one.  Very unhappy.
I got a stupid fake I was so excited but no I just had to get a stupid fake
Not what I expected for the price I paid.
Not Worth it...  A lot smaller than I thought and looks very cheap. I'm sending him back. I should have spent more money on a better model.
don't buy  The elmo literally comes in clear plastic bag kinda weird to give as gift when it's not even in box
Terrible  The item I received looked nothing like the picture. The head was twice the size of the body.
Like the first time I pressed  Talking mechanism broke right away. Like the first time I pressed it
fake  It's a fake and ships from china, atleast the $24 one from Audrey sophie.  Had a busted stich, the head is extremely over stuffed,  and one eye is completely covered by the brow.  Chance this was a bad one, but I have the mega y and this X is nowhere near the quality of the y (yes the y is the pokemon center one like this X is supposed to be).
Beware fake reviews!!!  If there was a -1star is what they would get. Water gens inside. Despite the package being loose inside the item was scratched and chipped. I carefully placed the batteries inside in hopes that it would all be as advertised but it just filled with water inside. Waste of money. What I don't understand is why this is Amazons choice and how they have do many positive reviews but after reading a few I realize some aren't even related to the item listed. Go check it out yourself. FAKE REVIEWS!!!! Dont buy.
Extremely loud, too loud for bedtime. Sound is very tingy too. Not impressed.
"Bear"-y annoying  I purchased 2 of these, one for my daughter and another for a relative. One of the bears did not work while the other kept stuttering, which I could not power off! Changing the batteries were a nuisance but that seemed to do the trick. I also have a Leapfrog My Pal Violet, which worked fine when it was still in its box. Positives about Cora are there are lots of songs to choose from; option of choosing long bedtime music play; and holiday and time of day messages. Negatives are Cora's voice can be quite irritating; sometimes the slightest touch turn off music modes; and I can't seem to power off in the middle of a song.
USED ONCE AND IT NEVER WORKED AGAIN!  Very disappointed in this purchase! My granddaughter took one bath with this toy, we hung it to dry and it never worked again.
Expensive for such a cheap made toy. The only reason I bought it was for my grandson.
The actual toy is not as depicted  I ordered several storybook characters with similar descriptions, sizes, etc. and this was the only one that was very tiny, shaggy and looks like my puppy's plush toys. I was very disappointed with this product and like other reviewers would not purchase this again. It was the most expensive toy (I got curious George, Corduroy, Humpty Dumpty and Dumbo) and the most disappointing
Hot Pink Elmo  He is soft but he is very thin.  He actually looks more hot pink than red.  When he's up against our other Elmo's he looks VERY pink. Overall, I'm not very happy with this skinny pink Elmo.
Definitely not 7.5 inches. Small and poor quality. Going to be an extra expensive stocking stuffer I guess. Don't waste your money.
But the shimmer tail was very fun for the girls  Tail was weak. Barely had any stuffing. But the shimmer tail was very fun for the girls.
Not worth it  Although this SPR it has its good quality as it is smaller than what it says. I also had delayed shipping, and my package was damaged.
Cheaply made  Cheap, cheap, cheaply made. Would not rec. or buy it again.
I returned
Poor quality product  I received this product and it was full of holes. The seam at back of the head had 2 holes in it and the back also had a hole big enough to stick my finger in. One of the arms was hanging on by a thread and there was a tear down the side of the body. I didn't have time to send it back because it was too close to my daughter's birthday. Instead, I sewed them up myself. I will not be ordering from this seller again and do not recommend it to others.
Pulled apart, literally by a 2 yr old  I purchased this for my 2 yr old grandson. It was very cute however, after only a few days Olaf is in 3 pieces
Came all twisted and wrinkled. Description also does not tell you there is a string on the top of its head with a suction cup attached. Returning.
BAIT AND SWITCH is NOT A GOOD THING!  Title and Photo are misleading.  Ad also states multiple phrases included but Sonic doesn't speak at all.  NOT AS DESCRIBED OR PICTURED.  I ordered the 'TALKING" Sonic as it is shown and stated on the package in the picture and in the title, but received the Sonic "plush with sound effects" as it states on the package that it came in.  Packaging is identical to what is shown ACCEPT for the words "TALKING PLUSH" as shown in the photo are changed to state 'PLUSH WITH SOUND EFFECTS" on the box that I received.  Sonic only makes coin collecting sounds and other gaming sounds, the same as it does on the video game itself and that is it.  BAIT AND SWITCH is NOT A GOOD THING!!  Sonic does not "TALK".  I received a non-talking 'SOUND EFFECTS"  doll.  NOT the 'TALKING" doll that I ordered.  Deceptive!  NOT HAPPY.
This plush is inflated. Checkout Pokemoncenter directly!  You can buy this same plush directly from pokemoncenter.com for $12.99 right now. The plush itself is great, but do not buy this for anything more than $12.99. Also if you buy directly from pokemoncenter you are supporting gamefreak directly!
It is a stuffed animal worth $18  It is a stuffed animal of average size for $72???  Sending it back.....ridiculous.  DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE ANY VALUE IN YOUR HARD (or easy) EARNED DOLLARS.  Not a win here....I am actually a bit insulted.  Paying $6.34 to return it....ugh!  Lesson learned.  My 10 yr old son was also ok with sending this toy back so we could repurpose the money spent in a better way.
Disappointment upon arrival  The toy never worked as it promised to. I ordered this for a friend's kids as a Christmas gift. You have to tickle it everywhere and really hard for it to laugh. After a long time of waiting and messing with it, this quiet thing suddenly burst out a big laughter and that sometimes scares the kids. It will laugh and sit down but never stand up - not sure if it's suppose to or not. Changed all the battery for fully charged ones, didn't help. If my friend wants to return it I totally agree.
It was a cool gift for being THE unicorn but it's pretty small and the ears are coming out of the neck.  They are sewn low on the neck not up on the head.  That bothers my daughter and makes it a bad toy.
Pretty small...  Would be great if it was bigger. I thought I was getting a bigger plush but it's tiny. The yellow fur seems cheaply made as well.
So disappointing..  So disappointed in the size.  I really hadn't looked to see how big it was but for the price I though it would be bigger.  It looked like the suffies you get out of a claw machine. I sent it back.  It wasn't even made well.
To many dangerous chemicals used to Make  this doll to give to a child  It looks cute But but it spelled so bad like cemicals I bought for my goddaughter I couldn't give it too her because she has  asthma
Great idea but breaks easily  As noted in other reviews, this is not very sturdy - the hoof snapped the second time I used it. If you get this, I would recommend just grabbing the two front legs instead of using the hoof "pockets".
This cheaply made plush has a label reading "NOT FOR RETAIL SALE". We are returning ours. It is not worth the price.
The picture is deceiving. I thought I was getting all three for the price. So over priced for the one little Chuck.
Wrong colors  The colors are not as shown. The toy is off white not white like it should be. The black is grey and tge pants are a lighter grey. All the colors are shades n shades off of what they should be.
Very low quality came with the stitching already coming apart song quit playing the second time my daughter pushed the button causing a huge meltdown
Very poor.  Just a thin layer of fur like material over hard plastic.  No stuffing or padding at all.  Not something a small child would want to hold.
Very cute but not worth the money!  I bought this for my baby boy. The beak is always up so the eyes of the doll are hidden. Couldn't get it down. And after one laundry the filling in the legs spread into small pieces. Disappointed!
not cute in person
Very cute  I feel this plush doll was way overated.  The service was excellent and I had it faster than I thought possible.  However, it's smaller than I anticipated and felt it was priced way too high.  Would never order it again.
no dony buy  no  dony buy
Worst Plush I Ever Bought!  Terrible quality. Not as advertised. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Frustrating  It is difficult to get Elmo to register that he is on the potty. Sometimes two people would be pushing down and back on the potty and he would still sing the accident song.
Why did I get this  why in the world did I tell my in laws to buy this stupid toy?  Because it was cute and low and behold it said my sons name.  so here we are 2 days before christmas and he is so excited when he opened it just to find out that it DONT WORK AT ALL. it gets to 98% then fails. Hello I think this is a problem. then I am reading all these post and seeing that everyone else is having the same problem. FISHER PRICE NEEDS TO RECALL THIS TOY.
Worthless  The front wheel wobbled and was useless.  Wouldn't run at all. Should've returned it but it was a gift and by the time it was opened, the return window had passed.
It worked only for 2 days,  It worked only for 2 days, first they delivered wrong piece non talking and it was replaced with new talking one but after 2 days it just stop talking and my daughter is really upset
Not as Pictured  Please make sure to read some of the other reviews below. This not a TOMY product as the picture suggests and it is not part of the "Trainer's Choice" or "X and Y" series. It does say however that it is "Inspired by" those series of plush toys (I must have misread this when purchasing). This is a china product so be aware of what you are buying. I did not spend to much on this item but I am still on the market for the right squirtle plush.
Much smaller than expected!
Cheap looking but my daughter mat think it's OK  Very cheap looking but something my daughter asked for. If I could have seen it before hand I would never have purchased it.
Don't waste your money on that...  Fake plushie, don't waste your money on that (except if you don't mind the quality).
disappointment  This was a complete utter disappointment, I guess you get what you pay for. But I did expect it to be a little better quality than it was. If you held it up to the light you could almost see through it...I was very upset with it. I will one day learn not to shop online.
small and rigid and scratchy rather soft like most stuffed animals  it's really chintzy.  small and rigid and scratchy rather soft like most stuffed animals.
They more then doubled the price. These are small elephants they are not worth $17 will not buy till price drops back down to NORMAL!
It looked bigger in this picture.
The toy arrived dirty, there were black marks all over the face.
Stupidly small, more like a keychain or shoulderbag dongle  I think the BOX might measure six inches.  This thing is small.  Don't expect much.  Really, hang it from your rear view mirror or something, it's tiny.
Brown eyes and ear tips nstead of black. Tail doesn't stand up.
It looks like an anime character  What the heck! This thing creaps me out! look at those huge eyes! It looks like an anime character! Who would by this for their child, they would probably have nightmares about her!  Way to go, Disney!
Ours lasted about 3 hours.
very disappointed  Heart did not light up, very disappointed
Expected it to be a little bigger and better quality
Dirt or some stain on bow, ears don't stand up and orange/pink color on neck faded into white. Looks almost used.
Spotted with mold  Really disappointed. Fruit arrived spotted with mold. Mold appears to be on the inside, and we can't get them clean. Not taking any chances with a baby- going in the trash.
Item is not what is described. I got a top heavy plush with a suction cup for windows on it. You get what you pay for. But it was so cheap it's not even worth returning.
I only received Tec
NOT authentic  NOT authentic. Bought from TC Global Business. OK build, I guess. Parts seem floppy/cheap and face is kinda messed up.
Kids love the stuffed animals; however, doesn't hold up.  Still good for the price!  We received this product less then a week ago.  Unfortunately, Brobee (the green monster) and Foofa (the pink monster) both had wholes in their seem.  In addition, Foofa's flower fell off of its head.  They are cute; however, doesn't hold up very well.  I'm nervous to see what happens when I need to wash them!!
I was really disappointed that it didn't have a funko tag on it  I was really disappointed that it didn't have a funko tag on it. There was no tag at all and I was trying to match it up with my grandsons other ones so that they were the same brand cause funko was such a higher quality. Someone should really be inspecting for such!!!
The size matters  This bird is not an 8 inch angry bird. Be prepared to receive the 5 inch version. Maybe if you pull her hair buns out it might stretch to 8 inches. It was promptly returned.
It was cute,but it come out deformed  Not as cute as it looks in the pic
Not great quality  The kangaroo is not great quality. The Joey is a stick with a head and has a stitch that holds it on a very flimsy pouch. Altogether very cheaply made.
Arrived Damaged   Arrived Damaged  Pikachu had small hole in seam upon arrival. See photos.
Fake!  It is the fake one the one I saw in the reviews of it on YouTube and it has a very different fabric than the other plushes also it is not soft like other plushes and also when I saw it at the bottom side it had stitches which were visible,the thread was visible much MORE than the others and it wasn't as blocky as others SO IT IS FAKE!
Pint Size Bubble Puppy  If size doesn't matter to you, then surely you will be satisfied with this bubble puppy plush.  Make sure you look at the description carefully as this little puppy is only 7.2 inches tall.  Definitely not worth the price.
Way too expensive for this product
Not very happy with this purchase  The item I received was really scraggly and not very cute at all. It was very soft, but it didn't quite look like what was pictured. I'm sending it back.
more like 6 inches  Cute plush with lots of details but small, definitely not 8 inches, more like 6 inches. Walmart has one a lot bigger, like 13 inches for the same price. I'm trying to return it but they want to charge me half of what I paid for it to ship it back. If I don't get a full refund I will keep it and give it to my niece for her birthday and she will love it but I'm not happy with how small it is.
Cute Idea.....But  Thought the idea of this blanket was really cute.....the quality of it, not so good.  Poorly sewn.  Came packaged in a plastic bag and looked as though it might have been buried under a 20 pound weight before arriving here.  The bear was totally crushed.  Took some time to "fluff" him up.  Now you would think this something for a very small child, however, there's a tag on it that read as follows:  Warning: There is a potential choking danger to small children caused by detached nose or eye pieces.  Frequently check nose and eye pieces to be sure they are securely attached, if not discard this toy.  Use or access by children under 3 years should be under adult supervision.  Now, the product description says "it has been tested to be safe for any age child".  You be the judge.
Tiny
Not as pictured  Purchased but wasn't as pictured. No blue on ears and scarf was entirely different. Was nicely made, just want what was pictured when  dropping $20
Not cute or huggable in person  Not as cute as the picture shows. The fur on the main body is scratchy, the tummy is the only soft spot. One of the front legs is sewn on sideways.  My daughter bought this with her own money and is very disappointed in it!! :(
Very disappointed.  Was not even Beetle Bailey. It was a Sargeant Snorkle, of which I have a few already.
Not Happy  Very disappointed.  Not cute like the picture.
Extremely overpriced for size and quality of Hei Hei!!!
Did not sing
It's cute but the eyes are already falling off and doesn't hold much
Item received is not what is pictured. Shame on you.
Broke 1st day  Horn broke after one day. Very over priced for quality and what you get. 5 dollar toy at best.,
It's a cute soft toy but hard for little hands to get the "beep" sound!
... plush doll but it is not it is more like felt material  The description says its a plush doll but it is not it is more like felt material.
I spent $30 for a cheap immitation  The photo has since been changed, but the original photo showed the "Hot Topic Excusive" tag. The item arrived without the Hot Topic Exclusive sticker. Undoubtedly fake. I returned the $30 knock-off. My son is extremely disappointed.
It's a great product other than the poor craftsmanship  I purchased this item for a long flight. After physically using for two weeks, one of the buckles came off. It's a great product other than the poor craftsmanship.
poor quality  Terrible- no choice of the toy and only one comes. poor quality product
Disappointed customer  I am very disappointed and will be returning it immediately.  This is very small and don't even think of giving it as a stocking stuffer because the recipient will be extremely disappointed as well.  For the price of $9.99, you can buy 8 (of course plus tax) similar stuffed toy dogs at the Dollar Store! In fact I think it looks like what they sell at the Dollar Store jacked up in price! Of course at $9.99 I wasn't expecting to look like it came from Build A Bear but more decent than a Dollar Store toy!  Beware and don't waste your money unless you are wanting a real small stuffed animal that is not worthy of its price.
Get the 5 inch Robin with staff if your child is over 3 years old. This one is unfortunately just a flimsy plush doll.
Always know where your stuff is coming from!  As soon as I saw the origin of transit, I realized too late of my mistake. The only reason this review's score isn't lower is because I was the idiot. Shhhhh... it's okay Yveltal, you're beautiful on the inside! Maybe.  Take it from me, and if not or anyone else, the pictures, just please, PLEASE do yourself a favor and order your Pokemon merchandise from a viable source, preferably from Japan. I do know of very reliable and experienced Chinese storefronts, but it is always better to be safe than sorry. And I am sorry. Sections are misplaced, stitching is shoddy at best, and there is debris everywhere, like, where actually was Yveltal before it departed for transit?  To be fair, for what I paid for, the fabric used is incredibly soft and is of impressive quality. Someone, somewhere [in China] made this, and I couldn't do any better so I gotta give credit where credit is due.
Great item but I would avoid buying it...  The item itself is being sold for a markup of well over its MSRP from the original manufacturer. Considering the quality of the item, and the MSRP itself, I would highly advise against buying this. This seller is ripping you off.
Bought this for my son who played with a friend's Barney when they were visiting. I didn't know they made Barney knockoffs but this is definitely not the barney my friend's daughter had. From the material & color of the toy to the crazy speed of the "I love you" song--it's like Barney on crack it's that fast-- this just reeks of cheap knockoff.
... than I thought would never purchase again it looks like a stuffed soccer ball  Way bigger than I thought would never purchase again it looks like a stuffed soccer ball
Very disappointed  I would give it 0 stars, its not authentic, just a copy. Tag is not the one showing in the picture and it was on the wrong arm when item arrived.
Toy that came did not match picture  The toy that came was not the one in the picture. The pictured minion has a plastic eyepiece and the one that came had a flat decal instead.
Not what we expected at all This Oswald was misrepresented by lack of a full description that this item had slap bracelet arms. How can a child possibly cuddle with this? Our granddaughter dog ruined the original Oswald from our DisneyWorld trip. This was EXTREMELY disappointing.
Do not buy!!!  Cheap and not at all what I expected. Looked nothing like the character.
Eyes were bulgy and one fell off. I don't think I got the one in the picture.
stopped working after 2 months  The kids loved these but one of them stopped working just a couple months after we bought them. It seems as though the on off button went out.
Not good  Smaller than advertised. Overpriced.
no longer working  Ear power button no longer works, have had it for about 3 months.  Otherwise it was a really good toy.
Not worth the price.  Really cute. Sadly the beeper was hard to press for little hands. And then failed to beep after maybe 15 minutes. Quite disappointed.
There was a piece floating aroudn in the package. Not even sewn on. I looked at the stitching and it was not well done i had parts that will come undone right away and other parts that were coming undone right out of the package.
Not what is picture or described.  VERY SMALL!  Absolutely not representative of what is described or pictured. Looks like something that you would get from a cheap vending machine.
Terrible  I am so disappointed in this product. It kinda looks like Dora but my daughter refers to her as baby and doesn't seem to see the resemblance. The thing that really bothers me is her hair. Across the front it is so uneven it looks stupid, for anyone to inspect and/or pass this specific doll is disturbing. The back of her hair line is also very uneven but I guess not as bad. I thought about cutting it myself, even though I shouldn't have to, but it is so short on one side I am afraid she would look like one of those kids who got a hold of the scissors and tried to cut their own hair and then the parents tried to fix it. I would have returned it without a second thought but the hassle and shipping would be more trouble than what I paid. It may not have been an expensive purchase but I still expect to get decent product for my money.  On a side note the backpack is a generic purple pack and has no character (eyes, nose, mouth) like he does in the cartoon which wouldn't have taken much more effort but would have gone a long way, in my opinion anyways.
Misleading!!  I could have sworn I was buying the big hugs Elmo.  Now I look at the listing and wonder how I even thought it was what I wanted to purchase.  I'm definitely going to return it.  It's a $10 plush toy not a $43 dollar toy.
Not the item I received  I was shipped a cheaper version of this item. As other reviewers have said, the saddle is just a thin piece of felt, the feet are brown and yellow and the overall shape is a little different.  My son still loves it though.
Came unstitched after 3 days of light play  I gave this plush doll to my son for his 7th birthday, he loves Pokemon.  The doll is very cool and he loved it, however, within 3 days of my son sleeping with the doll, the stitching on the back of the doll came unstitched.  After paying $37.99 for a small stuffed animal, I was pretty disappointed with the quality.  My mother was able to stitch up the back so I didn't have to mess with a return and disappoint my son.  I would not recommend this product.
Wrong Size  This is NOT the 12 inch plush, you are lucky if it's 6 inches. DON'T BUY THE LIE! Spent too much money for it to be the wrong one. Very disappointed.
Looks nothing like the photo
Good Quality But Small  Very disappointed by the size of the Hei Hei plush. Seems like good quality but was expecting something a little larger for my 4 year old daughter, especially for the price.
Elsa just isn't affordable anymore  Why can't these be cheaper? Please drop the prices on the 16 inch and the 20 inch ones...I really was going to order one tonight. I'm truly bummed :( now I have to wait like the rest for the price to drop some more. I really don't understand all these high prices. I hope they go down a bit soon.
Small very small and overpriced
The product is great but there was a lot of confusion on the order not being available,  then it was available, then was advised wouldn't arrive on time. The experience sucked but happy with the plush.
So unbelievably loud  Why are so many children's toys SO unbelievably LOUD? The whole idea of this product is that it's a comforting movie for children to sleep with. Unfortunately, not only is it loud enough that accidental setting it off in the night would almost certainly wake a child-- the volume (which you cannot adjust) is so loud it actually hurts MY ears. Can't imagine what it would do to a child's hearing. I covered the device inside with duct tape to dampen the sound and sewed it shut (to keep child from being able to access battery pack.
Do not buy. It was a bootleg. I got this for my boyfriend as an early birthday present. It took forever to arrive and it was a bootleg when it was stated it was official. False advertising and illegal.
Dont Buy  So sad about this. My son has been asking for a Frosty stuffed animal for Christmas. Single mom not a lot of money to spend. This smells like it has been stored in a damp place. It is the quality of a cheap stuffed animal from a claw machine. If you bought for $5 I feel you would still be paying to much. Spend your money else where. :(
Not high quality!  We got our items last Wednesday. We are disappointed with some of the plush toys which are not properly made and we will have to repair them. We paid very expensive for shipping to Australia and its just not worth it. Poor quality!
Disappointed  Although my little one loves it (he loves anything pikachu related), what I recieved is not what I ordered. It is different than what is pictured and smaller. Also there were no tags on the plushy indicating it was a Pokemon center original.
It's annoying & there is no turn off switch for his voice.
Very unhappy with this purchase. I have ordered several Mario dolls and never had any issue. For one thing after I had ordered and the item said shipped it suddenly changed shipping dates. When I tracked it it had went from coming from the U.S. to shipping from China. Item arrives today. She has a rip in her arm coming out of the package. Plus she had a string with a suction cup attached coming out of her head. We are keeping the doll just because my daughter was so excited to receive it. I'm going to sew up her arm and let her play. Will be more cautious ordering in the future.
not worth it.  my daughter received this toy as a gift. it came apart in one day. i was not impressed! my niece received the exact same toy and her impression was the exact same.
Broke after one day  My son loves this product but unfortuntately was heartbroken that it broke after a day.  It just stopped working and he was not rough with it at all.
Not a genuine JINX plush  Expected a genuine JINX product since this is listed as such. Got a poor quality knock-off. Very disappointed, but have no option to return it since it came from China.
This is not authentic, therefore not worth more than 10$ It's cute, and soft, but not worth the price of an authentic pokemon center plush.
Didn't work
It came quickly and is adorable but it came with two holes  I ordered the doll for my 3 year old who loves adventure time. It came quickly and is adorable but it came with two holes! I can not return her because my 3 year old would be upset but am disappointed in how it came.
Definitely several inches smaller than what they advertised. Would not recommend purchasing. Completely dissatisfied with this bait and switch purchase.
Barney knockoff  It looks like Barney, sorta, but it doesn't sound like Barney.  It's like Barney's cousin.  My child doesn't seem to mind though so I guess that's all that matters.
not as pictured  second plush i bought from them (two in one order) and this one doesn't match the picture either.  looks like something you would get out of a claw machine from a walmart.  i was disappointed and wish i had read the other reviews that told me this was a fake :/
BUYER BEWARE!!!  So very disappointed!!  I WISH I had read the reviews first!!!  Ugh!!  Small and very generic!  Wrong tag attached.  BUYER BEWARE!!!
Terrible  Absolutely awful. This product is cheap and not as pictured. I do not suggest buying from this seller. It was too good to be true for something of this price. If you are looking for the soft plush in this picture I advise you buy from else where.
broke within an hour - boo  Ordered this yesterday. It arrived today and my son was thrilled. He cannot stop talking about Mogwai - he played with it very gentley building a house around it , pretending to tuck it in - and the foot already fell off! I won't be sending it back because he is really in love with it but the construction of this item is terribly cheap
I stretched it once, and the arms ripped off! total junk
I was shocked by the small size.  I was hoping that it while be a little bigger.  It's really small I was a little disappointed.
Poor sound quality.  I thought this was such a cute gift for my son. And he loves all the different phrases but the sound quality is terrible. You have to literally put it up to ear to hear him.
It was a complete waste of money  What a piece of junk. This moos if you walk past it, and the finger piece broke after the third use. It was a complete waste of money.
There was a hole in this when we received it. Cheaply constructed.
Overall beautiful stuffy but Defective :(  Bought this for my three year old grandson who is outer space crazy! It was bought for his surgery day to lift his spirits! After handing it to him, my daughter noticed the stitching is open! Overall super soft stuffy, quality fabric and stuffing but REALLY disappointed that quality check wasn't done and a defective item was mailed to us (especially in such an important day )
cheap crappy toy  This is a cheap crappy toy, not the original DreamWorks toy. Had one ordered for my kids by mistake  huge disappointment.
It was terrible and did not look like the picture or meet the dimensions that were on the box
No balls as it stated in the ad. Zipper up the middle instead of velcro.  Not as pictured. Has a zipper for the center. And no balls came with it like they said it did.
New as promised ..but  no dance  cd came with it
This plush has weak stitching, I have already had to repair him twice.
Is not what they show  What I received is not what they show. Peppa and George are at the same size and had something like a key chain on the top. I'm very disappointed. Don't buy it.
Poor quality very dissatisfied...
It had a stain on one footy  To be honest with you guys not very happy with it. it had a stain on one footy. I wanted to return it but my friend's  little son did not want me to return it. Otherwise I would have returned it.
You can get a much better product at target for less money  smaller than expected. You can get a much better product at target for less money.
I just recieved the Kids Pereferres Rudolph Plush toy and it makes no sounds at all!  There is no place to "push" any buttons and the nose does not light up. The package says "toy, music and lights ".  I don't understand how it could have gone so wrong. Not even close to what I ordered or payed for! Buyer be very aware.
The Head Gear  Kakuzu's head gear covers his entire head. Leaving only his eyes to be seen. His ears however, you have showing. They wouldn't be showing with his head gear. That is a very clear mistake.
Low quality and small  Very low quality and slot smaller than expected. The lorax was boarderline scary looking. I would try to buy from someplace else
Head not fully sewn on.  This Elmo had no stitch in the front. Stuffing was showing. Cant give this to the child I wanted to :(
Returned immediately.  Cannot replace batteries.  I ordered 2 of these and returned them immediately.  1 did not work at all (broken sound button) and it turns out that the batteries inside are not replaceable so once the sound goes - that's it.
Why would you expect a good product from Amazon???  Oh, because you are idiots!!!!
Ripped off!  I received it today. What a huge disappointment for the price I paid, then I saw a store sticker that said $14.50.  WTH????  I paid $28 for a toy marked 14.50.  Yea, I was ripped off.
He's definitely not 8" tall, even if you stretch him.
So Upset!!!  We just got Olaf out of package to leave out for my Daughter from Santa and it does not work. Super frustrating. The remote will light up but Olaf and the remote are not connecting. When we push the buttons the lights light up but Olaf does nothing. So upset!!!!!
Not sure what was delivered  I would have appreciated the product info in English
Squirtle toy cheap construction and material  Product came early, that was nice but quality is horrible. Stuffed animal showed up with multiple years in the fabric. I talked to other customers that had the same issue- tears in fabric and UN even stuffing. If you get it cheap like $5 great if not don't waste your money
Wasn't whay I expected. My four yr old didn't understand how to play with it.
Poor quality.  Poor quality.
Hope you can sew - shoddy workmanship, so you will have to repair.  Within two hours of this toy being opened, I had to repair the right arm. It had fallen off completely.  What happened to make it do that, you ask?  Shoddy workmanship is all I can offer as an answer, since it was sitting on the desk with nothing around it. Just picked it up and the arm fell off. Good thing I know how to use a needle and thread.
Ordered 3 only received1!
Poor audio quality  Got this for my wife for Christmas. The doll itself is pretty much what I expected, but the audio recording that is suppose to play when you squeeze it is unintelligible. It only says one thing and whatever that is suppose to be, no one in can understand.  Very disappointing.
FALSE ADVERTISING!!!! DO NOT BUY
Very disappointed in the size of this item. Was expecting a larger toy.
Not happy.  Overpriced for what it is.  I was expecting based upon the description, for it to play music and dance and would be worth the price.  Not happy.
This is an adorable toy, and a great idea since babies really like buckles. The zipper on ours broke only a week after we had it. It broke with normal use. Very disappointing and we ended up returning it.
Took forever to get, then disappointing quality.
Very small :(  Was really disappointed with the size...they are really SMALL.
very bad quality, not good as I wished.
Disappointed  My daughter loves sesame street and we have several of the Let's Rock! dolls. The cookie monster is a big disappointment. FIrst you have to move the arm with the microphone to get him to sing a VERY short snippet. However, my daughter is 2 and has trouble getting the music to start because of how far over you need to pull the arm. Additionally, it is extremely hard to make out what is being sung because the sound is very low and muffled. Furthermore, the doll can't simply become a bed time toy as it has the hard box in the back for batteries and a plastic piece in the arm that make it stiff if your child tries to hug it. Overall, I am very unimpressed with this toy and wouldn't purchase it.
Terrible! Horrible! Sent cheap knockoff!  I received the most hideous knockoff plushie I've ever seen. Looks terrible from all angles, the wings are sewn down too far... I'm demanding a refund!
Rocket is a wonderful addition to my collection  Rocket is a wonderful addition to my collection!  Having the toys that go with favorite books help build enthusiasm for the story and beyond!
poor craftmanship and only one item  The picture made it look like multiple items, but it was one.  Shame on me for not reading the fine print.  However the item came with seams ripped and poorly constructed.  Do not buy this item
Very small doll for $19.00.
This Pikachu is cute but smaller than I expected. (It can fit in my palm!) They must be including the tail length to get to 6"? It has a key chain type thing on its back, which I was also not expecting. It is super soft and cute but we'll probably be sending it back to get a larger one.
Very short life  Super cute but the batteries didn't even last for the entire Christmas season. Very disappointing.
Slightly disappointed  Not a pillow but a cute stuffed animal
and didn't look like the picture  Size was wrong, and didn't look like the picture.
Beware - items not as pictured!!!  The Paralympic blue mascot was exactly as pictured. However, I am very disappointed that the yellow Olympic mascot did not have the attached tag or the product tag as shown in the picture. This definitely takes away from this set. I see some other buyers also commented on this. Product description should mention that - makes me wonder if this is a counterfeit item (also given that my package arrived from Asia)...very disappointed:0(
Great for Display, Not for Play  It's cute and made my 7 year old daughter smile the second she held it. She insisted on sleeping with it the following night. The morning after, we discovered seams were split in three different places.  It's cheap. It's not made to be played with - just for display.
Did not look like the picture
Color was off.
was very small
Not happy  I bought a Gizmo when the movie first came out. It was all material and plush. Even had a sqeaker in it. The one I recieved today has hard plastic ears and the head is a hard box. I wanted a Gizmo for my grand child to cuddle,not poke her in the eyes with the ears.  I will be sending this back. and looking for the original Gizmo. I'm very dissatified with this product.
Knock off. Returning.
This product should be $3, it's absolutely tiny, they must mean that it is 10 inches around total, very disappointing!!!!
Pictures a bit misleading  Not the size I thought it'll be
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!  Absolutely not what I was expecting. Picture shows good quality actual item is very poor (almost like a sewing class project- there's even pieces of plastic coming from under the eye and almost looks like a tear). After waiting a month and a half with no updates on shipping got nervous and found one in a local store (and cheaper) MUCH BETTER QUALITY. If you want one that ACTUALLY looks like the character do yourself a favor and go to gamestop.
Non talking talking Yoda  Just received my Yoda today and it doesn't talk!  Squeezed everywhere!  Not happy!
Not Diapers!!!!!!!  This was advertised as diapers and it is not. it is a stuffed animal. i am VERY upset by this false advertising. Do NOT buy from this company
Overpriced beyond belief  I bought this exact same plush at the pokemon mall tour for $20, and Amazon is insanely pricing it at like $75 or something, it's a great plush, but not worth $75!
WTF  You've got to be kidding me. My friend asked me to write a review since she's super lazy and hates this human stuffed animal like hell. I mean, come on, guys! This is hideous!
very disappointing  The toy broke very quickly, and not from being rough. It is supposed to be poseable and after just a few times it broke at the wrists. Very disappointing.
very poor quality  Cheap and falling apart,  Kids are satisfied, but I have had to patch them up already and we have only had them 3 weeks.
It broke after the first few days of playing with it.
Does not look like the picture very disappointed! 
Disappointed  It was a Christmas gift for my niece. First impression, very small. Wouldn't consider it a. "Pillow". Arrived and it did not work. Disappointed!
Not worth buying.  This is not worth buying, especially not for the price.  If you have beige and orange fabric you can make one of your own. It's an arts & craft project so simple that a five year old can make on his own.
Not for dogs  Not for a dog that chews up everything.
I wrote to Amazon to complain about receiving a product different from the picture and of poor quality.  I picked this particular "Olaf" because it didn't have the thick black embroidered mouth that I found so ugly on other ones out there ... but the one we received DID have that black mouth, making it non conform to what I ordered. Also, I confirm that the sound is very low and barely audible. I wasn't impressed with the quality of the fabric either ... very thin and cheap.  Finally, I wrote to Amazon to complain about receiving a product different from the picture and of poor quality ... ever heard from the! So much for customer service, Amazon!
You have to be kidding me!!!!!!!!  They say it's great for pillow fights. Who uses a pillow the size of your thumb to hit your friends. It's a laughing stock that the people making this are doing. Buyer beware.
How can zuma cost $45 dollars while the same size and team animals cost around 17?
Cheaply Made  This Squirtle isn't worth the money I paid for it. The arms have came off and I have put them back on. I don't recommend it because it was so cheaply made.
This product is a Bootleg!  Buying this depends on wether you just want the official merch or not.  This is NOT an officially liscenced product, the Pokemon Center one is a lot cleaner and has different material.  The official one is about 23 USD on the official Pokemon Center website. Most plushes will cost 12-25 dollars, some bigger ones being 35 dollar range. the keychain plushes will be 7 dollars.  I suggest buying from the Pkmn Center for these plushes, as buying bootleg plushes can support the wrong people and they are known to be very cheaply made, and can be ripped easy- especially if its going to be a present for a kid.
Size  Size measure different than described. Very disturbing when you expect something different..  The two inch difference makes a big deal when you are tring to match it to something you already have....
Great toy. . . but there was one problem  My girlfreind loves the toy, its soft and overall good quality. There was just one problem there was a whole in the foot. The rest of the toy was great, but i didn't pay to have a whole in it. My girlfreinds happy with it so i can't complain, but a hole in a stuff animal is hard to overlook. Other then that, the shipping was fast, it was well packaged and would be a great toy if it wasn't for that one error.
This boy took forever to arrive and when it finally did, it was a huge disappointments with the size.  Very unhappy with this product.
Volume became extremely low  My daughter loved this toy however after a couple weeks the volume became extremely low to the point it could barely be heard. Even changed the batteries multiple times and nothing ever changed and there is no volume control so not sure why the volume changed so much.
Very disappointed.  I ordered this to have a second one after I purchased one at a Hallmark store and my son can't sleep without it. It arrived with holes in multiple places that I've had to stitch to keep stuffing from falling out. It's definitely not made with the same quality as the ones being sold in Hallmark stores.
Elmo so stupid  This thing only says . Elmo so sleepy. Then says goodnight, and snores. What a waste of money.
Head and legs  The doll is cute  but my complaint is the material of you legs is not good because is broken and her head is very heavy for you body
Where's the quality control?  Didn't work at all. No noise coming from the little thing.
poor quality.  Very cheaply made, poor quality.
Very disappointed.  Very cheap looking.  Very disappointed.
It came to me completely squished in the package, with his neck permanently bent to the side. I cant get it to look normal. Its tail leaves were squished together, the spikey things on the head are completely flat. Its feet are turned inward and it looks a bit goofy. Not what I was expecting. The package also had holes torn in it. Very dissapointed with this product.
Expected a new item, not sure that's what this was. No tags and wrapped in plastic like industrial saran wrap so tight I had to carefully cut the item out. Of course my son was smitten with the item and so I wasn't able to convince him to send it back. Item was definitely not what I expected, a bit disappointed.
Not as Shown  I paid extra to get the original doll with the Meeko pet. I was so disappointed when i received the 2013 edition. I could buy that one in the store for $20. Wanted the original.
Horrible quality. Do not buy
Im so angry!  I got tgese for my son's 1st Easter basket & 2 of them don't work!  I messaged the company & never heard back.  Awful!!!!
fake vaporeon  so i bought this vaporeon and it came fast and all but it had no tag? and i just learns its a fake :( even thou its fake i luv my dear vaporeon but im sad its a fake
FAKE brand  The product I received was a cheap Chinese imposter version of the real Nintendo brand. The tag being in a foreign language said it all :(
I purchased this bonnie bear plush toy and when we received it there was a hole in the fabric on the chest.  Not very large but definitely noticeable.  2 days after my son having it, the red hat fell off of that stick thing it sits on.  Very upset that the quality was so poor.  Ended up returning it to get my money back.
The worst!!  The worst!!! Don't waste your money.  These ripped apart within minutes of giving them as gifts to my nephews.  Awful.
It's sleeping forever  My girl waited patiently for her toy to arrive.  She was overjoyed when it came & had fun playing.  But this toy doesn't last past 2 months.  Furby has choose to sleep & sleep.  Batteries changes, reset bottom also tried, it just only managed to wake it up for 1 minute and gone back to sleep again.  Tried contacting the supplier but to no avail.  Spending so much money on a toy that last less than 2 months is totally not worth while, leaving a disappointing kid staring at her Furby hoping that it will wake up again.
It was smaller than I thought but it was just what my granddaughter want so I was very happ with it ...
Love the fact that the elephant has sewn on eyes which are safer for babies then beads but a drastic price increase of more than double means I won't buy another. It's small and not worth the $15 price tag. It was a good buy at $7 and made a great addition to baby shower gifts. I bought a couple in December and now will look for other elephants in the future
Caution, Sharp wire inside!  There is a very sharp wire inside the leaf that stabbed me and caused me to bleed.  Do not give to children!  Also mine came without a tag like the one in the picture.
Ears don't move eyes don't light up (broken item)  Broke within 2 weeks of having it, my kids have last years and this years furbys and have never been to ruff with them, its like it went into a sleeping mode and its eyes won't lite up and its ears don't more does nothing...
Really?  Beyond cheap.  Another 1/2 of fabric and this might actually work.  Beyond cheap.  Got it for a gag gift but doesn't work for that either.
Picture doesn't reflect the item shipped!  The picture does not reflect the item shipped. It does not have a strap between its feet so it can wrap around the body. My son bought this with his birthday money and was disappointed.
Extremely disappointed  VERY disappointed.  For $37, I expected a full size doll in a box.  I received a 6" plush doll, wrapped in plastic, and flattened out enough to fit in my 2in high mailbox.
Teeny Tiny  This product is not even close to 10x12x6 inches. It's tiny ..... it might be 5 inches tall max. It will be returned. Sadly there is not enough time to replace it before Christmas. Not worth the price at all!!!
I love C3p0 but this item is so much smaller than I anticipated. Going to return it :( $30 is way too much for the size of this plush toy.
Tiny  It's tiny. Nowhere near 10 -12 inches as advertised. See a picture of it next to my note 8 for reference. So disappointed.
Very Poor product for this amount of money  I gave this to my 7 year grandson today for his birthday.  As soon as he open it both of the small front arms fell off there was one stitch holding them on. After we got to looking there are several more holes that are open and not stitched at all. Very Poor product for this amount of money. I would not recommend buying this.  I had a very disappointed grandson on his Birthday.
Terrible quality  First off let me say that this is an adorable plush and I wish so badly that it would've arrived in good condition. I'm not sure if all the product is this had or if I just had rotten luck. One side of the head hadn't even been sewed together or attached, along with part of the arm. On top of that there were several seemingly random and misplaced white stitches on the side of Charmanders face and down his back/left side that were very noticeable and ugly. I ordered this as a stocking stuffer my daughter and I'm slightly disappointed that I won't be able to use it now!
Dollar Store, horrible purchase  I am so upset that I wasted $63 on four Easter baskets for my children. Each item came from the Dollar Store and even had the tags on them. The baskets were half flattened, Peeps were totally squished, and I am left with nothing else to do. I can't believe what I just opened and paid a lot of money for! If Easter was not Sunday, I would return them. Horrible...... Would love a refund.
Hole After Two Hours  My daughter absolutely LOVES these stuffed animals. Nothing could have brightened her day quite like Slush and Duke. Unfortunately, we found a rather large hole in Slush's back after a couple hours of careful play. There is no reason for this aside from a manufacturing defect but the problem is easy enough to fix which is the only thing preventing a 2 star review. Hopefully good boy Duke does a better job of keeping his insides!
Bad  Stitching off, eyes almost fallen off, holes in sides, only good part is it didn't take long to arrive.
I agree with most of you!  I agree with most of you.  I was so excited when I heard this Elmo was one of the "hot Christmas items."  I quickly purchased one online to ensure I'd have one for my 23-month old by Christmas.  When I tried to program it yesterday, I too got the "Download Fail" message so many times.  Just when I thought all was lost, I pressed his hand and he started talking.  Only he wasn't saying everything he was supposed to.  I got half stories and songs, etc.  Then in the middle of the night he'd talk and not be quiet!  Finally tonight we took him back and exchanged him.  This next doll was no better!  I have a top of the line computer, or so I thought and paid for, and for what?  A stupid Elmo doll won't even download from it?  I agree with most of you when I say this doll is not worth the time, excitement anticipation, or money!  It doesn't even deserve 1 star!
unhappy mommy  my mother ordered this for my son for Christmas and we were both very disappointed in the doll. it's cheaply made. its like a toy you'd win at a carnival. we are both very unhappy. i would not recommend this item.
it had a very strange smell. I returned it
Didn't  like it.  The volume was  too loud and not understandable.
Very Disappointing  This toy is very very disappointing.  It eats batteries like they are candy-- very very expensive candy.  This toy takes 3 AG13 batteries that cost $8.00 per 3 pack.  The batteries run out in less then 2 weeks.  How much fun is this toy when it doesn't play music?  Not much.  I thought the first one we bought was defective since it didn't make sense that the batteries would die so quickly, so I returned it to Toys'r'us for a new one.  The new one does the same thing.  Don't waste your money!  Buy something that is a quality toy, otherwise be prepared to buy batteries by the gross.
NOT a red panda NOR a trash panda  NOT RED.  Is Brown like a 1980s sofa. Bought as a gift and the recipient was less than impressed.
Cheaper at Disney  I was about to buy this then I decided to check the Disney store. Then I found the same olaf but 18 inches tall and for 49.69 including shipping and handling.
Low rating  You have to squeeze him too hard. He doesn't always work even when you do. Cute to look at, but that is all.
The Talking Plush doll does not talk
Does not work out of package even with new batteries - Disappointed!!!  Just received and opened item today and tried 2 different brand new sets of batteries and it doesn't turn on, work, make noise. Amazon only offers a refund and not a replacement.
Deceptive picture.  When I purchased the product, the ad for the product had an extremely deceptive picture showing 12 characters. It wasn't until after the purchase that the actual star picture showed up. Obviously my mistake, but why show the picture of multiple products at all?!
off brand
shadow freddy sin  too expensive
Somewhat cheaply made.
This is cute, but mine only works 1/4 of the time. Most of the time when the button is pressed nothing happens. Every now and then it decides to work, but at this point I don't even try. I've replaced the batteries, but it still does the same thing. My baby is 3 weeks old and the gloworm has had this issue for the past 2 weeks. I hoped it would have lasted longer than this.
Its not what is pictured  Its not what is pictured, the mouth is different it is the one that looks like it is open and not the one they wanted..............
Theres a cheaper 9 inch version by the actual Pokmon comapany!  Im rating this 2 stars because, 1.) It arrived very quickly. 2.) Its very soft. 3.) I wasted money on it, its too small and I was expecting it to be bigger and match my other Kanto starter plushes.
picture not match the product  I expected the photo model so I bought another model but unfortunately I received, I would like to do the return value of the difference since in the same Disney doll is $ 19.50.
to small for the price
Phrases are not true to listing  Description stated one of the phrases was "there is no try only do" product does not include that phrase which was the whole reason I purchased it
No logo  If you're a collector looking for this Misfit Toy with the CVS logo, look elsewhere. I ordered this item and it didn't have the logo as advertised.
Not so great  The togepi I got was not the same as the one pictured.....the eyes were just two black dots. I was expecting the togepi to be exactly as shown.
Very small for price
Do not buy.  I bought this for my daughter, one of them poor construction, the mouth and leg threads broke and 2 months later cannot return.
Doesn't really look like barney. Not the same voice  Doesn't really look like barney. Not the same voice.  We got it for just 2 days and it already stopped singing.
Knock off but cute  The plush is cute but is NOT officially licensed FNAF merchandise. They look similar, however the Sanshee plushes are higher quality and officially licensed. Perfect if you don't care, but don't buy if you want original merchandise.
Got this  to
Very small  Very small for price.
That perfect gift for getting your kids hooked on drugs...  These pleasant little stuffed toys are that perfect gift for telling our children they will soon be adults and if at any time they feel down, there is always a little happy pill you can adore to bring you back up, brought to you by the fine reputation of money-making big Pharm Companies. Let's train them early to get used to being the many elderly folks who became accidentally hooked on drugs because of having to take their daily meds. Or perhaps when the little happy pill is no longer enough, and your child becomes that heroine addict you always wanted her to be, she can push the little stuffed belly of this toy and rejoice in the nostalgia of how happy taking simple, previously prescribed medications used to make her. Whatever the case may be, these little American best sellers are sure to give many moments of joyful memories just like the real thing has done for the many people presently in prison because they got a little too happy and a little too close to those other adorable happy pills. Seriously, I couldn't believe when I saw these. How neglectful of a society do we have to be to not see that this is big Pharm propaganda?? Stop buying these so they go away. It's not funny to the other half of America.
I would like to return it if I can  I thought I was getting something that was new, but it had clearly been used, I would like to return it if I can.
Disappointed in product  Very disappointed in this product.  It came a lot smaller then stated in the description. If you want a good size hank plush buy a different one.
Too small  Very small...
They were super cute and fit perfectly  Bought the slippers for my niece, 15 y.o.  They were super cute and fit perfectly.  She was super excited about them, however, after 15 minutes of wearing them while doing nothing but sitting on the sofa, the toe on the left one tore open.  It came undone at the seam, exposing the inner lining and the foam cushion.  She didn't want to return them, so I stitched it back together with some difficulty and hope it holds.  I understand that these are novelty slippers and not meant for serious wear and tear, but for the price, I did expect them to last longer than 15 minutes.
Thought quality would be much better. Shirt has a small rip in back  Thought quality would be much better.  Shirt has a small rip in back. ... also, the ribbon is in French!  Very disappointed.
arms and legs sewn on crooked  this was a gift for a friend so I'm pretty disappointed. the arms and legs were sewn on crooked and for how much I paid expected it to at least look normal his arms stick out at weird awkward angles and the legs are skewed and turned way to the left. it was sewn that way so I can't just twist the feet they stay sideways
Ugly color  My grandson asked for this toy, but thought it looked lime green. It was an awful pea green, smaller than it appeared on the ad.
Stopped working after 9m  Music button already quit working.  9 months after purchase.  Heart button goes off all the time when my son bumps into it while sleeping.
They aren't which are shown in the picture.
It looks great from the front  The hair is sewn on extremely awkwardly. It looks great from the front, but the back view looks terrible. It only looks natural from one point of view.
Not Good Value  This was cute but way too expensive for the size. I found a much bigger one at Target for less than $20.
Purchased this for my daughters birthday. The quality controls in these things is horrible. The eyes were not seen on in the correct position. It looked like it had Down's syndrome or something.
Grandson said it wasn't what he had expected..... he called it a "knock off", but still appreciated it.
lol.  $125??
Very disappointed - cheap looking.
SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO SELL HERE FOR FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!! THE PICTURE SHOWS INNACURATE SIZE OF MINNIONS!!!
I got shorted 2 dusters.....the only one I received was the dog and the bag says 3!
Looks like a knock off  Does NOT have the same proportions or color as the picture. Looks like a knock off.
It seems like it would be a good product but I never received the item so difficult to review it.
Cheap looking  Just looks so cheap would not recommend this product to anyone don't buy  look somewhere else to buy one cheaply made
Looks amazing online, but ia scary in person  Looks amazing online,  but is scary in person. Crooked eyes stitched on - in blue! One arm sewn in backward and a squished head. Pass
Garbage and unofficial
Total Crap  A total gouge. This and all other FNAF plushies are carnival-quality toys, sold at a super premium price to capitalize on the fleeting popularity of the video game. A wonderful addition to your local landfill. Not recommended.
Did not operate out of the box. Returned  Returned.  Did not operate.
Disappointed with the quality of this item. Colors were worn in some areas.
Received the two dolls today and they are NOTHING like the ones in the picture  Buyers beware. Just wow. Received the two dolls today and they are NOTHING like the ones in the picture. Very small and cheap. I feel like I've been ripped off. There is no way these cheap things are worth what I paid.
Not happy! Fix your description and picture  Um, correct me if I'm wrong, but the picture is of Jasmine. The Description, noting glitter detail, curled shoes and Hair Ribbon, is that of Jasmine. The doll I expected was JASMINE. The doll I received was Aladdin. Not happy! Fix your description and picture.
Disappointed...  The rubber band separated from the paw after only a couple uses. This product is poor quality and does not last.
awful...  i bought this as a gift for someone and i am embarrassed to give it to them. the item sheds all the "fluffy" fur to the point where there is almost none left. the white part of the unicorn had blue thread clearly visible. this item was clearly VERY cheaply made
Black Yoshi a let down from this seller  I was dissapointed when this arrived. the saddle is terrible.  Unlike every other Yoshi the white fabric on the saddle flares out instead of being tucked in so it looks like it's going to fly away. It's also made out of felt as opposed to the rest of the yoshi which is a softer fabric. The feet are also substantially bigger than pictured and the head is a slightly different shape. The seams are poorly done. One seam was already coming apart when it arrived.  It was a very big let down since my family collects the different Yoshis.
Size  Size measure different than described. Very disturbing when you expect something different..  The two inch difference makes a big deal when you are tring to match it to something you already have....
Very sad! Ordered as a gift and DID NOT WORk  Received as a gift. Very sad! Ordered as a gift and DID NOT WORk!!!!!!!!!
i did not get it and i pay for it...  why did i not get it i payed for it so do somthing about it i want it soon or u give me my money back not happy
Quite disappointed  When I first bought this, I thought this was going to be a GREAT Quality plush, but I was wrong.it feels really cheap, and is poorly made.i would suggest not buying any kooplings from little buddy.
Received a different Nemo design  I've ordered this Nemo several times. The last time I ordered a replacement, I did not receive this Nemo. I got this one&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Disney-Store-Nemo-Plush-Finding-Dory-Medium-15/dp/B01EK0CR1U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Disney Store Nemo Plush - Finding Dory - Medium - 15''</a> It may not seem like a big deal but it is definitely different and my son did not want it because it was not his "special Nemo". Don't know if it was a one time mistake or if the other is what they are producing now, but it does not look like what is pictured here.
Stuffed animal is cute but too bright  This dog is really cute and soft. I ended up returning it though because it was way too bright. It lit up the whole room and kept my child awake.
So disappointed. Elmo looks like Elmo  Only received elmo.... I purchased the 2 piece set for cookie monster.  So disappointed.  Elmo looks like Elmo.  Small for little hands to carry him which is what we wanted.  Just wish cookie monster was here too!
Should be more like $10 the most  Cute but very small. Not worth the price it's listed for. Should be more like $10 the most .
It doesn't look like the picture  I've bought this off a different account and it doesn't look like the picture I had this issue with the flying squirrel as well so I will not be buying from this company again.
This plush was a fake.
What!? Haha.  Got this for my girlfriend, she loves it but It's missing an arm! 
Dont buy it , its not the original one and her face looks weird
My daughter loves peeps! We were disappointed with this one as the seams were all coming unstitched. She found two holes in the side and bottom the day it arrived.
I do not reccomend buying  The plush we received is not what is pictured at all. It says pokemon center on the tag but I highly doubt it's a licensed pokemon center plush. The stitching on the top is awful and looks like it's about to come out, the feet and nose are weird plastic material, it's missing eyebrows, and the nose is red.  10/10 would not recommend.
You get what you pay for  Smaller than my little one wanted and the details on it are not great.  You get what you pay for.
Was delighted with the change to be honest  Charlie Brown is pictured, Snoopy arrived. Was delighted with the change to be honest, but the item was not shipped as pictured.
Poorly Designed  While a cute doll, the voice was difficult for adults to operate and none of the phrases that were used were obscure and insignificant...a child couldn't even get the voice to work.
I saw the photo of this item and became quite excited by the prospect of having a full time companion to share my life with. The picture of the item filled me with wonder, and my pulse raced at the thoughts of having this striking figure by my side, ready to rollick and play with me. Imagine my disappointment when the package finally arrived- I quickly tore into it and was at first puzzled and then dismayed- it contained but a stuffed  toy. Where is my blond/yellow haired vixen? Very disappointed.
Doesn't look ANYTHING like the photo.
Way too small. Perhaps I didn't realize the dimensions but it is way too small for the price.
Hair tends to come loose when brushed or run hand through
Terrible  This doll is so not an accurate representation of doc mcstuffins.so ugly. Terrible purchase
Total waste of $15  This doll is ridiculous. It's smaller than a barbie. Total waste of  $15.00. I want my money back but It does not give me an potion to return.
long
I would have been happier paying half.  It was not what I expected.
looked a bit rough, not exactly as pictured
To small
Overpaid for a piece of junk...shame on me!  I was astounded to receive this toy which in my opinion is worth about $5.99 and no more. I overpaid a ridiculous amount of money and feel cheated...and stupid!
My kids in the er bc of this toy  I bought this for my 7yr old son, the minute he touched it he broke out in a rash, I took it away, he got better, he snuck in my room and grabbed it again and is now on the way to the hospital with a severe rash head to toe, difficulty breathing, his mouth is blistering and lipsee are cracking. Idk what this toy is made from because there is no tags with info on it, but buy at your own risk and please pray for my son my doctors concerned it's staph.
Disapointed  Just open for a valintine gift the Henry name was missing and it smelt of cellar. Poor quality for what I paid.
The doll pictured is not the one I received  While she is cute, she is not the doll that is pictured. Her face looks like Peachs face, her earrings are much more misshapen, she has only four fingers (not five), and her dress doesnt even match! I am disappointed with this, but I will still be keeping her because I do like Rosalina a lot.
Overpriced.  It looks like a dog toy.
waste of money  Them item was smaller than the picture and it only talked for one day,
Not Gizmo  This is a cool plush but is not Gizmo, this is strip from Grimlins 2. Really upset its not Gizmo, and is false advertising that its gizmo. So for people wanting gizmo don't get this one.
disappointed  Just received that tardos and was looking forward to trying it out.  Extremely disappointed, since the batteries are dead and need to figure out how to replace them.
fake
... and Brobees arm is coming apart already Im so disappointed its only been about a week  I purchased these November 29th just gave them to my son for his birthday party that we had a little early on December 9th and Brobees arm is coming apart already Im so disappointed its only been about a week. Yo gabba gabba toys are so hard to find Im gonna try to sew him up but I will say Im upset not only was it not all the yo gabba gabba crew but now his favorite guy is ripped.
Inferior quality
Way too large!  The description says great gift for kids. I purchased this for my 10year old and it's HUGE! It might fit properly if the kid put a helmet on first. The material is great and the hat looks like the picture but it's sloppy huge which makes the ears lay funny as well.
Soft and small  Smaller than I thought it would be
Be careful.  Did not come in original package. Might be a fake. Can't give to my child. Can only get part of my money back. Lost out on this purchase.
I didn't this '''
I had ordered six sets of two each, but I received only five!
disappointed  I paid extra for guaranteed 2 day shipping for it to be here on a specific day. it was late. it feels super cheap something i could have bought at a flea market. highly disappointed. would not recommend to others.
Haven't even had him for a week and the arm detached. Not torn but was poorly made
Does not sing  This product is very misleading!! I thought Elmo would "sing sing", but he "laa laa" sings the songs!! How irritating!!
Not worth  This is just an ok ball. To get the monkey pop out is really a task. It's impossible for a baby to do it. I don't understand why only two leaves have the crinkler. They could have put it in all the four leaves.
I THOUGHT IT WAS DIFERENT
Piece of Junk  My daughter recently turned 2 and we received 2 Elmo Knows your name dolls.  The day of her birthday I spent over 2 hours trying to install the software and get the doll to work.  Then I read all the negatives reviews and was dismayed.  The first one would only say my daughters name and then there would be static.  Now it does NOTHING AT ALL.  Yes I replaced the batteries etc...  The second one will download to about 97-98% and will only say my daughter's name and then static.  Nothing more.  I have both a Windows computer and a MAC (which I greatly  prefer).  The software, of course, isn't compatible with MAC.  I, for one, won't buy any more ELMO or any other FisherPrice products (I have already sworn off Windows computers).
Not as advertised  SPECIAL NOTE: This item was received by seller XPOKE.  My problem may or may not be only relatable to this seller.  I received this Domo 10" doll today and it was VERY small.  It came in a sealed bag with a sticker on it that read "domo 10" doll" so I know it's the right product (unless the sticker people screwed up).  Anyways, I was baffled at it's size since it's supposed to be 10" tall.  Taking a measurement, it is barely 7" tall (I added a pic to the item page on top).  SO SAD!  I love domo and now I am confused if they screwed up giving me a wrong doll or if all 10" dolls are like this.  Two other notes: 1 - the doll is not NEARLY as appealing as the sellers "professional" photo shows.  The fabric is not nearly as detailed and is a flat, more boring texture 2 - the tag attached to the doll is 100% foreign, no english at all.  This is not so much a negative as a worry that it's not a USA only product and therefore, lower quality.  just a thought and not much a concern).  Overall this product is nice, but not what I had in mind from the picture and the title of being 10" tall.  I love domo and will most likely buy a larger size (and maybe ill finally get the 10").
Not fulfilled  Messrs. amazon, I inform you that this product does not arrive on the parcel sent, to my surprise that uncover the sealed box for you I found that inside the bag came with toy and others were not indicated on the purchase
Sold a defected merchandise.  When it was received it was saved as a Christmas present. Upon opening on christmas day the item did not work. No sound or anything.
Cute but super smell
Not actually Plush  When I think of "plush" I picture a soft stuffed animal.  This is filled with some type of bead, maybe just Styrofoam, because it is lightweight, but I don't know.  But "plush" is not a correct description.  Beanie stuffed toy is more accurate.
Not the ears in picture  The ears are not like the ones pictured. I ordered from here because I thought they had the right ears. They have the cut out ears. My daughter loves her glow worm and drags it around by the ears. I'll just be taking the insides out and replacing her old ones that have the correct ears.
AWFUL MATERIAL  Right out of the box, my daughter was covered in Elmo's red "fur"...for any child who puts everything in their mouths (which is every child!) this is NOT a good plush.  Within seconds, my daughter put it in her mouth...and ended up with a mouthful of red fur.  We took our Dyson vacuum to him, and still, he was leaving fuzz everywhere...especially in her mouth.  I see that Amazon has posted a warning "Not for children under 3", however, this item comes with a tag that states Ages 0 and up.  And I linked to the Amazon site from the Gund site, so they are advertising it for children under three.  In any case, while the plush is cute, its really for children who are past he putting everything in their mouth phase.  And someone needs to decide the age appropriateness on this one....Gund is saying all ages, Amazon is not. We'll put him away for a while until our daughter is able to handle a plush that "sheds".
It was ok but the plush came in poorly made and really skinny. Needed more quality product.
Not exactly like pictured  I loved the moose in the photos. The moose I received not so much. His ears were not white, they also were very floppy and kind of all over the place. I had to fold them like in the photo. If you were to move the moose around the ears would cover his face. His face is also not shaped like it is in the photos. The moose in the photos has more of a peanut shape. I knew the moose was going to be slim but I was kind of disappointed how slim he actually was for $20 I guess I just expected a little more. I was very sad the moose wasn't like it was pictures and decided to return it. Now Im on to search for a new moose for my son.
received wrong item, wasn't worth time and effort to return
Not impressed  The Barney was smaller than I imagined. It wasn't the best quality material, and the sound box stopped working within 2 hours of opening. I would not purchase again.
My broken Pokeball. :[  I love it to death, however it arrived with a hole where the black fabric is suppose to form around the white circle. I wasn't going to be around town, so I wasn't able to make a return. For the price, and the material and condition it arrived in, I don't think it was worth $15. So sad.
Tiny  I wish I'd looked at the reviews before I purchased.  These are tiny, not what I was expecting, but in hind sight as described.
i got scammed.  i'm very upset. this is like some crappy "prize", nothing like the one you buy from square enix. the face has no pink in it, the whiskers are misbent, and the arms are deformed. this was a total scam.
I bought and was going to give it to my daughter for her birthday.  It's disappointedly small, leaving the size mentioned on the website. This product should be truly the size of a key chain, in stead of stuffed animal
Was not the size I was looking for.
Do not buy as it has tiny little beads in it and my child some how made a hole in tigger and beads pored out all over.. This is a choking hazard toy and should not be sold as a childs toy.  Luckily i was nearby  and was able to retrieve the toy and throw it away.
I could be wrong, it might deserve 2 stars. Its almost big enough to fit in a newborn babies hands, still laughing
Did not look like the one seen on picture display. Very disappionted.
Not official or lisence product  Not an official or lisence product. This is an imitation.the product did not come in the case shown in the picture and is smaller and material is cheap. I hope Amazone updates the description  they shouldn't be avertising something that is not an official product.
Dissapointed.  Meh it's not as Tall or fluffy as the picture makes it out to be.  Elmo looks like he has been on a serious diet.
Not good quality  The product is similar but it is not what was pictured. Quality is not great either
Poorly made  Left hand fell off within 10 minutes.  Right hand a few days later.  They were held in place by double sided tape.  It's also..."smushed".  Flatter than the picture depicts.  Daughter still loves it though, sleeps with it every night.
Fake/counterfeit product from China  This is a fake (counterfeit) Takara Tomy Eevee plushie from China (. The seller is from China. The actual product does not look like the one on the picture. How do I know it's fake ? The actually product is shoddily make and the attached label is obviously copied and printed by a scanner and looks washed out. Plus the whole plushie stinks of chemicals and was packed in cheap plastic bag.
poor quality  For as much as I paid for the plush purple minion (thanks supply and demand...), I expected better quality.  After 2 hours of my son holding it on the couch, not even squeezing, throwing, or rough play, the stitching on the back split and I'm performing stuffed animal surgery.
My daughter was super excited to get this item as she had received the money from losing her tooth.  Her excitement turned to instant disappointment when she received the item in the mail.  She said it smelled nothing like chocolate but instead smelled like coffee.  Thank you Amazon for letting us return this.
Disappointed when it arrived
The doll is super small and not what I was expecting  I don't know the Trolls I just know that I was supposed to order "DJ Suki". This is what came up when I looked for it on Amazon. I recieved it today after 2 weeks. The tag on the doll literally says "DJ Suki" and I am now figuring out it's really "Branch". The doll is super small and not what I was expecting.
Buy Something Else.  If I had received what is pictured here, this would surely be a 5-star review. What I received instead is not even pictured here. I received a poorly constructed, poorly stitched together, dog toy that only vaguely even resembles the picture if you squint really hard.  It came covered in all manner of lint, and loose threads and cotton batting that I can only guess was intended to be stuffed inside the figure. I do not recommend this product to anyone.
not very good quality  I was not very impressed with this.  When we got it many of the Pikmin already had tears in them, before we even took them out of the box.  One of the Pikmin didn't have any feet!  For the amount of money we paid I was disappointed and so was my son.
THIS DOLL IS NOT 36 INCHES. IT IS 20 INCHES  They have mismarked this toy as being huge and it is only 20 inches. I waited weeks for this to arrive for a gift for my Neice and they shipped the wrong product. THANKS FOR RUINING MY XMAS GIFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very disappointed to received only one!  I was expecting two because of the photo that was advertised.
Recieved something that looked nothing like what is posted in the photos. Looks like a cheap $8 knock off
We will stick with scout.  My oldest son loved his Scout toy. So my grandmother bought this for my younger son. It never quite worked right. It tends  to go through periods where it just repeats the same couple of words over and over. Sometimes it does not work at all. It has new batteries. The number one thing it says over and over is "have you finished your holidays hopping? Christmas is next month." No, my one year old has not done his holiday shopping, Cody. In the he end, now my kids just fight over Scout and neither one wants this one, even though my oldest sons favorite color is blue. So we just ordered a second Scout.
This product came used. The batteries inside were eroded. I replaced the batteries and the doll stopped worked completely and some of the batteries started to leak. I even bought 3 different brands of batteries. Buy your child something else not even the tickle me elmo; it had the same issue.
I bought one for my maternity shoot and love it. I want to buy more for my baby's dedication party, but the price has doubled overnight. I'll look elsewhere, because that's insane.
The green leaf around one of the feet was torn off
This may be hot selling...but...I relegated mine to the trash heap without even trying it.  The mouse was both to large and to hard.
For true fans only  Funny for the fans.  Definitely not worth original price, but a good deal for a few bucks and a few chuckles.  Used as gag gift and it was a huge hit.
Need more tail...  Tail was weak. Barely had any stuffing. But the shimmer tail was very fun for the girls.
Inaccurate product details  I am very upset about the size of this plush.  The Details describe it as 447, which is inaccurate.  The 7" length is based on stretching it out from leg to ear tip.  Because of the extra money I spent for this as one of my son's highlight Christmas gifts, I am even further disappointed.  Shipping and delivery were fine, but be careful with the product details.
Horrible Quality Control - 1 Leg Longer Than The Other  Horrible quality control.  Opened it up and noticed right away that 1 leg is longer than the other.  Not just a little bit either, it's very obvious and considerably longer than the other leg.  Put it right back in the box and sent it back.
B
a lot smaller than I expected.
smaller than it seems and I didn't check the size befor I get it
Sound didn't work as soon as I put batteries in and tweety fell backwards on hard wood floor by itself.
I like the toy  alot and so does my 18 month old.  But after only a couple of times playing with it.  One of the buckles has ripped open a seem of the toy. Wish it was better quality.
Not good enough for the price  It looks much better in the picture, also the doll. Is like wasted
Not Satisfied  Item does not have any form of packaging, just the actual plastic bag of the courier. So when it reaches me, it was so dirty
Be very careful ordering from this item. Read the size options before ordering or you will get a small stuffed elephant.
I was so excited when I Received it but when I looked at it, I Received a broken one! Upset!
Cat in the hat  I was disappointed with the size of this. Add stated 12". The add does not state it is a Beanie stuffed animal nor does it state the 12" is from the top of the hat to the end of the tail. Which makes this small...as I said Beanie baby size. For what the price was I think its quite misleading. If I hadn't desperately needed it because it was a gift from "Santa" I would have returned it.
ABCDont get it  How does this little book get a 4.5 star rating? It's only 3 pages long and incorporates a symbol into the letter, not worth 8 dollars in my opinion. Sent it back and will spend a few extra dollars to get a better learning tool/ teething toy .
8" Plush Mike from monsters ink  honestly to sum it up in a few words it was just cheesy and the worst stuffed toy that I have ever purchased.
Not Good  I did not had a good experience with this caracter. My son collects the Muppets and was disapointed whith this one
Lesson learned  Terrible odor upon opening package which persisted through a 48 hour trip. Upon unzipping after first use the zipper fell off.  You get what you pay for
the threading is already starting to unravel around the ears waste and shirt  Poorly made, the threading is already starting to unravel around the ears waste and shirt.  When it arrived it had loose threading everywhere. My son loves Pokemon so much that he didn't care, he wanted to keep it.  If it was cheaper I wouldn't care, this was a $16 purchase which I'm going to return.
Cute and not too expensive, but still lacking.  This little screaming monkey has got some personality. Watching him scream as he flies across the room is good for a laugh. Watching the dogs freak out and try to hunt it down is even funnier. So, from a fun perspective, it is pretty much everything you would hope it would be.  Unfortunately, with mine, the sound only lasted for around fifteen flings, after which it never made a peep again. I guess the battery was especially weak. Also, one of the hands came off while flinging it. Since the primary parts of this toy are extendable arms, i felt this was a demonstration of poor craftsmanship.  So, fun, but not durable or long lasting enough to garner a better ranking.
Not worth the money. It's cute but it seems like the remote and the Olaf doll have like a delay in the moves. You have to hold down the buttons for like for 3 seconds before they work.
The dirty, nose had unraveled seams  Delivery was execute as scheduled but the product itself was dirty even though it was delivered with wrapping by the plastic bag. The shape of the head was collapsed. Sewing quality was too bad. The seam of the carrot nose was loosen and the cotton of the inside appeared. I don't know all of this are bad quality but my case was not good.
very small a bad product
deception  I can not complain about the quality but when you advertise something must be true and in this case the seller scam saying that is 15 inches and arrives but not to six which is a lie. Amazon Ought to punish this type of sellers that do not comply with what is offered
It arrived in plastic bags :(  This did not come in a box. It doesn't look good as a gift, which is how it's intended.
Doesn't look like picture at all  The Cat is messed up! It doesn't look ANYTHING like the picture. The fur on the cat is very hairy and makes the face look really smooshed up. It is seriously unrecognizable as the Cat in the Hat.
FAKE!!!!  I thought I was getting a real camik but instead I got a fake also the shipping was so long
Would not order this again after seeing it  I bought it because Sophia and her clan of creatures are very "IN" right now, but seventeen dollars for this dorky little thing was ridiculous. It's not as cute as the picture, not cuddly. Perhaps my granddaughter will see the worth of it, and then it will be worth the cost,  but right now I don't it. Seems like the whole Sophia line that I have investigated seems to tend toward being poor quality and falling apart right out of the box. Sorry but it is what it is.
Broke first time used it  Sling broke the very first time we try to use it. :/ it's a great idea but super cheap. Waste of money
A monster for sure.  Sully was smooshed had one eyebrow missing. Not a fan. Thankfully the kids don't care.
Not like the picture at all !!!  Amazon continues to disappoint. This Gizmo plush fool looks nothing like the picture. Coarse hair and cheaply made. Not very child friendly. Do not waste your money !!!
Only 5 inches! Not 8 as stated. But cute.  This is the second hello kitty beanie baby I've bought. The description says these are 8" dolls, but that's not accurate. The mermaid was a little over 6" I thought maybe because of her tail that particular one was shorter. The opposite is apparently true. This ballerina doll is just exactly 5" tall. Even if you measured diagonally she's just over 6".  The description is off by more than a third! My daughter still thinks they're cute, but the size is very disappointing given what we expected from the description.
Good doll/bad quality dress  The doll itself is nice, but the dress looks like a mouse got to it and chewed chunks out of it. It looks very bad and will rip easily.
Disappointed with order..  This was the second backpack I bought and was disappointed that this one didn't have the strap that clips on his legs..the first one did and I was looking forward to this one having it since it is for my 6 year old son..I'm not trying to send him back and pay the shipping for this error..
I received this. But minnie was missing from the package. My son is going to be heartbroken.
I knew it was a risk ordering one of these online because of all the counterfeit products. As you can see in the picture there are a few pretty noticeable differences between the Pokmon brand and this one.  The biggest and most obvious difference is that the one I received has a mouth that's open almost 180, while the one pictured is only open  45.  The colors are a little off as well, and the belly is smaller on the one I received.  The one nice thing about this toy is that the wings are posable so at least they aren't all floppy.  I think it's close enough that I will give it to my son for Christmas, and hope he doesn't mind the difference.
Got the wrong item. Instead of the spider I got the ender Dragon
Wrong color
Very cute but a lot smaller then it appears. About the size of an adult hand. Not worth the $23.00 I paid all together with shipping charges
Wa aaa y y y smaller
Not Worth $10!!!!  SMALL!!!! Not what I was expecting. The pictures and details are very misleading. I was expecting a big ball of fluffy Elmo...Not worth $10!!!! The Toddler fork and spoon set is bigger than this giggle ball. Very disappointed ;(
Mini, yes, mini yoda!  This Yoda is very little. If you are looking for a pillow size, this is not it! But over all it is a good little Yoda.
Wrong heart displayed.  Item not as pictured.  Heart says "you're cool", not "you melt my heart".
If it's supposed to be a talking toy then it should talk. Mine just made a single squawk noise, that's it. Returned it and ordering another, hopefully this one works....
Product delivered is not what I ordered  The product I received is of a much lower quality than the pictured item. I wouldn't have bought this if it weren't for the picture and the picture was a lie. I do not recommend this.
I didn't get togepi! I got a different Pokemon. I seriously don't recommend this. It took too long and it wasn't the right one.
Not so Great  Had one similar to this from a different manufacturer and it was neat.  This one does not make the sound well and not as cute as the other.
Cute toy, but the product information is very misleading. Product dimensions were important for this purchase and it was listed as ~15x12x9, but the product itself is about half that size (which is obscurely buried in the description section). Caution if you think "Product Dimensions" means "Product Dimensions."
Ours Didn't Work  We purchased the TMX Cookie Monster on clearence at Walmart for $19.  When we brought it home and took off its "try me" tag, Cookie monster started laughing, dropped to the ground, rolled on one side, and then stood back up, only to fall back down.  Ours just didn't work.  Cookie Monster will actually tell you his moves and when he rolled to one side, he would say, "have to roll to other side."  Only ours didn't roll to the other side, he just stood up and fell backward.  I thought maybe the problem was that it needed new batteries.  This was no good at all.  He still didn't work after batteries were changed.  We took him back to the store.
I do not recommend buying this toy because its so cheaply made.  This toy is great when it works.  My granddaughter loves it.  But, I bought 3 of these and only 1 works.  The two that don't work had switch issues where you couldn't turn off the toy (for 1 of them) and the other would only work if you manually held down the switch.  Also, the 2 that don't work filled up with water and as a result, the wires are now corroded.  Its a shame because the 1 that does work is really fun for my granddaughter to watch as it changes colors...kind of like a light show.  I will never buy again though because of the other issues.  They are obviously very cheaply made.  
opaque colors are disappointed Peppa is very small not like the photo does not buy this product
Unsymmetric Eyes!  The eyes were unsymmetrical, and the snout seemed to short. As wells as the belly not coming out enough. You can tell it's a dragonite at least.
False picture.these minions toys are alot smaller than shown in the picture.
Just like the other reviews state  Just like the other reviews state. She does not say any of the things it says. All she does is laugh. Very disappointed.
Smaller than expected and very cheap looking. Took almost 2 months to arrive.
Average Quality  Waste of money just average quality small.
Lasted a month  It quit working after one month of my daughter playing with it.  Changed the batteries, nada.  Pushed the reset button, nada.
Sucks
I am VERY disappointed in this product  I am VERY disappointed in this product. I bought this thinking this was the TOMY product and it is NOT. If I had not purchased it for my daughter as an EAster gift and failed to open the package until it was too late it would be returned. It is nothing like the product listing at all. I should have read the reviews. This seller should be banned. I am so angry that I wasted my money on a fake product. I would give a less than one star review if possible. Ugh.
This has a suction cup and string attached to it. This is not a plush that's made for snuggling!  Very Disappointed and angry. This is not what it shows in the photo. It has a suction cup and string attached to the top of qbert. . I was thinking because it was $10 (I  paid $9.99 for mine) that it would be a great plush toy for my son to snuggle and sleep with. This thing looks like something you would get out of a claw machine at the store. My son was so excited so I can't return it. This is not what it depicts in the picture. While the stuffed plush is soft and cute it's not what is portrayed in the photos. Very bummed.
Small, and didn't giggle at all  This thing is SMALL!  From the picture, it looks pretty good size, but in person it's tiny!  And the one I got didn't even giggle at all.  No matter what my entire family tried to do, we couldn't get it to work.
It is so cute, however this is for my son's birthday and he is in love with ghost busters I would have put 5 stars but their is a stain mark on the face and what appears to be a melted plastic mark as well on his face not very cool when this should have came with no markings at all!
Very disappointed with this product.
Junky  piece of junk, foreign made
Very small not what I expected.
6 inch's to the tip of the ears,  6 inch's to the tip of the ears, over all it's much smaller than any other 6 inch plushy I have gotten
My product came in pink... I paid for red
Yoshi  My son loves the toy , but it is a pain in the neck, it rips. I had fixed it several times. If my son did not love it i would put it in the garbage
and the only reason I didn't return it was my son loved the Blue so much  I bought this for my son but only received the Blue...no notebook was received with our order...and the only reason I didn't return it was my son loved the Blue so much.
Looks like crap
.....unless you LIKE wasting money! Be warned. I bought this for my 5 year old who is now a fan of the movies. After VERY minimal play (cuddling), here are the stages of Gizmo desent into nothing-ness.  Day 1 - the leg starting tearing off Day 1 later - the hand fell off Day 2- the foot came off Day 2 later, the foot AND the other hand come off...........  in two days i am left with a handless, legless Mogwai toy.  DO.NOT.BUY.
its very different and worse:  It is not as shown in the picture, its very different and worse :C
The vaporeon i got was not the official x and y version just a cheap imitation. I just gave it away because i did not want it.
Disappointing  Not a pillow is a stuffed animal
Large hole in its neck, returned.  Large hole in its neck, returned.
This toy made my grandson break out in a rash!  Cute idea!!
Plus one of Mickey's eyes has a dirty black spot on it  This product is much smaller & thinner than in the photo.  Plus one of Mickey's eyes has a dirty black spot on it.  I would return it but then I have to pay for shipping which doesn't make it worth it.
Not as advertised! Tiny, non talking toy!  This is ridiculous!! NOT AS LISTED!! This toy is TINY and doesn't say anything. What a ripoff! Returning it right away! Says its 8 inches- its 6 (counting the sticks on his head) and it doens't say anything.
The toy was delivered today but doesn't look like the picture  The toy was delivered today but doesn't look like the picture. His eyes are closed and he just doesn't look like the picture.
Poor quality  My daughter played with this Elmo for 1 day and it already has a hole in the seam
Another defective one! Jeez.  This WOULD have been cute, but whoever is sewing these things is doing a terrible job. I don't seem to be the only buyer who got a defective one. One reviewer got one missing the face, another got one with it upside down...mine came with it on the back. So there are hearts on the back but missing on the front, and the "angle" on top of the lipstick is reversed. When it's a licensed character, it's supposed to match the picture! (Or at least closer than we are getting!). It also came with a hole in it, and a stray seam that doesn't belong on the front going randomly across. Bad quality control, or else these third party marketplace sellers are trying to pass off factory rejects as the real thing. Mine shipped from Amazon, but maybe they don't check what people send them in those boxes. Who knows. So annoying!
Size IS everything.  It was not as big as pictured with the kid, kinda false advertising. I don't see what makes this worth nearly a hundred.
A lot smaller than expected and poor quality. Looks very cheap like a toy you might buy for $1 and it cost me over $11! This is a gift for my daughter who picked it out. I hope she's not as disappointed as I am with it.
... big as I thought and you can't stretch it like it advertises or it will tear  It wasn't as big as I thought and you can't stretch it like it advertises or it will tear. So he is just using it like a stuff animal and not like what it was meant for. Little disappointing.
Not as described  Per the description, this doll was to be 20" tall, but is actually only 10" tall and very tiny. Not what I expected or paid for. Am returning today, and will have to look elsewhere for the large size.
Stopped working second day  I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it stopped making sounds the second day. It seems like it would be a really cute toy if mine actually worked. I would recommend buying something else that won't break down so quickly.
I expected a better quality from this purchase  Elmo's leg fell off after just a few months of gentle loving by my toddler. I expected a better quality from this purchase.
Fools Purchase  What a waste of money, not even 6 inches tall.  The description is scam.  I have purchased several hundred items from Amazon and this is the worse results.  Do not buy it is a waste of time and money.
Super small... Material is cheap  Too small as in super small and material looks cheap not worth it. Just cute and the sound of the sheep makes us laugh.
Size is disappointing for the price! I thought it would be larger
Big ripoff looks nothing like it does in the picture don't wast your money or buy it.  Man what a  rip off big time i just got mine in the mail and i was thinking from how it looked in the picture it would be able the same size as my fennekin or the sylveon plush i seen in the stores.  what a waste of money to people for your own safety do no what so ever buy this plush you will get ripped off big time the plushy looks nothing like how it looks in the picture very poorly made ears do not stay up, there is some stitching sticking out and its forehead looks bigger then its damn face.  people for your own sake and safety of your money and time do not i repeat do not get this plush it is a fake and what you would call a bootleg something that people copy by making it themselves and doing a poor job.  all i can do is sell it on craigslist and try and at least get half of the money for my mother back i know it was a gift but still a ripoff.
it looks like a neon orange and the wings were all squished and i just hope my friend like his christmas present. if anyone is reading this, consider a different vendor..
This item DID NOT meet my expectations. I thought they were bigger. They are actually the size of a baseball.
This doll was such a disappointment. It took forever to arrive and when it did you could barely tell it was Barney other than it being purple. The music he sang barely sounded English let alone true Barney. His shape was all wrong and it was poorly made. My daughter didn't even recongize who it was supposed to be. It quickly went into the yard sale pile.
Not Animal!  One of the worst looking Animal's I've ever seen! Definitely, they missed the mark on this one! The only thing that looks like Animal is the colors!
Even doesnt have the whiskers like in the photo  Doesnt mach with the picture. Even doesnt have the whiskers like in the photo.  I would like my money back sincerely
Voice is not very clear; Elmo also "sheds"; seems cheaply made.
Im so disappointed. The photo is definitely cuter  Im so disappointed. The photo is definitely cuter. And the hair sheds a lot. Not what we expected at all. Also, its not large.
My daughter waited so long and when we saw a amazon bag she was so happy but when I cut it open it was another racquet ball bag!
Rip-off  Received yesterday. Very disappointed. Not Poppy but DJ Suki and no comb. Claims to be Large can't be more than 12" long. Will be returning. Don't waste your money. To bad this was a xmas gift.
Not like picture at all.  Not like the description or picture at all. It is more like 8 inches tall and very flat, not round at all. Returning immediately.
Expect to be disappointed.  I bought this for my sister who lives 1000 miles away.  I didn't try to operate it but sent it on to her.  She could not get it to work.  New batteries didn't make a difference.  Someone else reviewed this and had the same problem.  I should have heeded their experience.  Avoid this product!
Didn't get what I paid for! The set I received were plain squeakers not the sound chip!
Too small .Size disappointed  It was very small.dint expect it to be that small .doll looks good but the size was disappointing. Iwould buy a bigger toy
I bought the one I saw in the pic to use it in my car window but what I received was a different plush, not for the car.
Not what I expected.  It's small and not gift packaged. It just came in a clear plastic bag and is just a stuffed doll. I read that you could take it apart. Not true, just a small stuffed toy.
very tiny
Quality wasn't great :-/  Our daughter is obsessed with pigs.so trying to find a pig for Valentines Day was extremely hard. Was excited to have found this one if amazon.i knew it was going to be small but it was definitely smaller in person than expected which is fine. However the ribbon bow was frayed upon arrival and some of the stitching was coming undone as well. This was a poor quality gift but I had no time to find a replacement
Expected to receive either bubbles or smores and received the chilli pepper. And it stinks!
You will be disappointed.  This is a fake product and not as described. Do not buy this product. You will be disappointed.
Thought I was getting both, only got one! Lame!  It really needs to be clearer that you are only buying one of these two stuffed animals. I am disappointed to say the least.
Very disappointed.  We did not receive the items in the picture. Two males and no female. Very disappointed.
Just ok  The stitching on these came apart shortly after we purchased them. It was all my daughter wanted for Christmas so you can imagine how disappointed she was
Monkey scream can drive you zany  May be an unfair review as the toy does exactly what it's supposed to and the quality is just fine. I just didn't think through this purchase that six month's later I would hear the annoying monkey screech every time one of our kids bopped it around or the dog took it as his own. I would like nothing more than death to this annoying monkey screeching toy. What was I thinking?
Too small  I thought this was the size of the pillows because that's what it was paired with. I get it and its size of a beanie boo. Too expensive for size. Was going to return it and it isn't returnable
Really bad counterfeit:/  This monkey is not the one in the description photos!  The eyes are stickers and he has a pink tie instead of purple scarf. And the quality is horrible. There is a hole in the stitching at the top of his head. FAIL! Do not purchase this monkey from the amazon seller Mazaa!!!!
Cheaply made junk - not soft at all - certainly not "plush"  This is a real piece of junk.  The hands, feet, and ears are very hard plastic.  The fur is not soft at all and there is very little stuffing.  The seams are glued together and the glue is very sloppy with some excess glue.  It is not really 6 inches either. More like 4.5 or 5".  The only way I could measure 6" was from one ear diagonally to the foot - after I stretched it.  This feels like something you might get in an arcade claw game - not a fifteen dollar item
Very disappointed when arrived.  I ordered this to try and finish my FNAF plush collection, well when it arrived it looks totally different from the picture, I felt like they put to much stuffing because the eyes started popping out, well choose wisely.
Not very stretchy  Stretchkin frog did not come with the DVD as advertised. The frog does not stretch at all like on the videos. My daughter is 10 and this is way to small for her. She can stretch it, but it doesn't even go as far as her arms stretched out. This was disappointing. Would have been cute if more stretchable like advertised. May be returning it.
10 inches may overstate the size. Very petite. Also, Goofy's mouth is open extremely wide. You can only see inside his mouth and teeth. No view of the face, including eyes at all, and his nose is buried in his forehead.
Disappointing purchase  Very disappointed, when an item says plush and the picture looks soft like a stuffed teddy bear that is what I expected. Instead this is a hard filled item with a suede type covering, not what my granddaughter wanted.  Especially when it was $10 more than some of the others that did not say plush.  This looks more like the cheaper version.
Don't Buy  To small and very cheap. My  1 year old dosent even like playing in it. He just takes the balls out and play with them
Messed up nose  Peppas nose came sewn on sideways.
very upset little girl.  was orderdd in may and still has not recieved olaf.
NOT as advertised !  This is a SMALL (maybe 18" including the tail) STUFFED ANIMAL !  That's all.  It is not plastic, not something you could use outside.  VERY VERY disappointed.
Carnival crap
Small  Cute but much smalle than I expected. Not worth the price.
Tore easily!  Maybe I received a defective one but my son only had it for about a few days before the seems on the sides popped and now there is a gaping hole with stuffing coming out. The Yoshi was cute but not very well stitched together.
very cheap feel, like carnival quality.
Not satisfied. Smaller than expected and cheap looking  Not satisfied. Smaller than expected and cheap looking. The fur falls out easily. Not safe to give to toddlers as the fur can get into their mouths.
Piece of junk  Looks nothing like photo. Small. Smushed face. Fur is all misplaced. Red dye from accessories got on white fur. Worthless.
I did receive an umbreon plush, however it was not the one pictured. The one i received was smaller, poorer quality, and the biggest kicker was it wasnt' even an officially licensed nintendo item!
Not for teething babies  It sheds a lot so I do not let my 7 month play with it anymore. I saw she had red fuzz in her mouth and took it away immediately!  I wanted it because I liked the red and white contrast for babies that are first gaining color in their vision.
Not a hit  I personally don't like the design, the eyes are too far up or something. My son had a better one but he lost it and it seems to be difficult to find Barneys nowadays. The "I love you" song is too fast pace. My toddler son liked it the first day and now he picks it up occasionally but not as much as the other one which he used to like to carry everywhere. Unfortunately, not a hit for us.
This is only 3" tall and looks more like two marshmallows stuck together than a droid  Are you kidding me?  This is only 3" tall and looks more like two marshmallows stuck together than a droid.  How I paid $20 for this is beyond me.  Seller needs to post the dimensions so you have a clue to what you are in for.
Xerneas Doll Not Up To Par  The plush doll I received does not even look at all like the picture. First, it had only 6 horns; Xerneas has 8 horns as described on Amazon. Second, the stiches at the back of the plush doll was badly sewn; it looks like it's about to become undone. I am very disappointed with this company. For the money I paid, the merchandise was not up to par. I want to return it but my son won't let me since he wants his collection of Pokemon plush dolls to be complete.
He was torn, and the box inside him that makes the noise looked very old.
Do not buy this..  I got my plush on the 9 th and I was not very happy with the results of what I got. The stitching on the face is horrible,and quite visible and easy to see. It's Head is messed up too,not even,nor is it a circular shape like its suppose to be. Hand tag has the Pikachu on it,so i no it's a fake pokedoll and factory reject. Best to buy an official else where.. Very disappointed!!:(
didn't work
Very displeased with the product  The covering is very poor quality and it started shedding badly right after we received the toy.  It is especially bad aroung the seams and we had to take it away from our granddaughter due to it's shedding.  We were afraid she would try to put it in her mouth.  It's not safe for younger folks.
I agree with the other comments; the light last literally for a second or two and then goes off, so does the music. Cheap product.
Safety Hazard!!!  My child got this Elmo as a Christmas present. My husband put brand new batteries in, but Elmo would not work. He handed Elmo to me, and I smelled something funny. I went to take the batteries out, and they were burn-your-skin-off hot! I got the batteries out, got Elmo out of reach of my child, and contacted Hasbro. They have not recalled this toy and stated that they have only recieved "a small number of complaints" about this toy, but it is no longer in production. Parents beware! This toy is not safe! I give it 0 stars.
too expensive and a way over rated  I purchased this doll for my daughter for $14.76. The doll is too small and pricy. You can find similiar doll at the Dollar store. It's a way over rated on the web. Very disappointed with this purchase
The picture makes it look like an average sized stuffed  I didn't realize that it was going to be no larger than my hand. The picture makes it look like an average sized stuffed animal
It's ok...not what I wanted  Small, took weeks to receive package...would recommend paying more for a bigger and authentic Yoshi plush.
Big quality issues with this units  Big quality issues with this units. First one was mute , Amazon sent a replacement immediately , second one talks but when it goes in sleep mode will not get back on unless I pull the battery so it will also go back. For an expensive toy like this one expects to last more than 2-3 days.
Super cute but didn't last long  This backpack is super cool, with a velvety feel on the outside, we get so many compliments when we're out and my son use it for nursery school. It's small but I normally needed for a change of clothes, snack and water.  However after a few months (probably 2 months) one of the straps snap. And wish I had an extra pocket for smaller items.
Disappointed  Shoddy craftsman ship and skin color doesn't match at all. Instead of yellow she's an orange color, makes her look like an orange blob.
Cost with shipping - nearly $20.  You must be kidding. If my grandson hadn't wanted it desperately, I would have laughed. At least it's sewn and not just painted....
Stitched crookedly -- whole animal is lopsided so that it looks like the left hand side is larger from head to tail. Almost seems as if two different sized halves were put together. Soft texture is nice and my young son doesn't notice the crookedness, but I do. For the price, I expected better quality.
Drop the price  Price doubled!! Seriously!! Not worth it! Would buy more if it was the original price
No Cd no BOX
Meh  The quality could be MUCH better. Mine will not even sit because it was not properly made. The two holes for the bull rings are off and crooked, and so is the cow bell. Also, the hoodie is off so his face seems a bit off as well. His face looks the same, though, as in the picture. His hair could have been cut better and the gluing job could have been better. Basically, this product is "meh" at the most. It definitely could have been made better. I purchased this along with the Cow Ciel plushie, and both came early. I was not supposed to get this until January 12th so there is a plus. I won't return it, however. Too much trouble.
Meh.  Returned it.  poor quality.
The buckle toy did not meet my expectations. It is very fragile and tears very easily. My 1yr old has already torn one of the straps off. The size was much smaller than expected and material of poor quality. Spending almost $25 I expected a much more durable toy for my baby. I am very disappointed and feel that I overpaid for this product.
It's cute but if you are looking for authentic then this is not the plushie for you, this is a knock off. I didn't realize till I noticed that it is missing one detail. An authentic plush will have every detail of the characters but this one doesn't and the outfit is poorly made.
NOT TICKLE ME ALMO  Poor quality!!!! Made of tiny bead inside not good!
Not as cute as picture.  I was a bit disappointed the picture of the doll is really cute and looks just like princess poppy. The actual doll is OK the face and hair are a bit off and are not quite as cute as the picture.  The hair is shorter than the pic shows and the stitching on the face is not as vibrant as the pic.
it wes supa kuu in mahh butt whole
Not the same doll.  NOT the same doll. The doll I received was slimmer, he had NO smile, or claws, and he had a very poorly made leaf on his head. I'm very disappointed.
The arm pit was ripped open when my nephew opened it on christmas. AWFUL-
Too small
Cute doll but many defects. Doesn't look new.  Yellow dress Mia with side swept bangs:  She's sweet and pretty, but she has about 25-30 loose threads dangling off her body. Also, she's missing her paper tag, her legs don't cross, and her hair is pulling on one side. Overall, she looks used.  I ended up ordering Mia with full bangs and purple skirt and she doesn't have any defects. She's gorgeous and I'm excited for my daughter to meet her on her birthday morning!  It may have been just this one Mia. Nonetheless, this is a pricey doll so I'm returning yellow dress Mia and keeping purple skirt Mia instead.
I think they are super cute but the XL was just too small for my size 10 feet.  They are stuffed so full that they push your foot out the back.
Not good quality at all.  They look really cheap and Luigis head ripped off almost completely.
It was ugly  Bad
Seller Sucks!  The seller sent a broken toy. The paint on the eyes were chipped. His face & feet were filthy dirty. To make things worse it did not even work. The toy was broken! I contacted the seller through amazon's site & never got a response from either the seller or amazon! I will never order from your site again! I am stuck with a broken toy & no compensation!
Amazon usually handles quality items. This's "Evee ". Was not quality at all  Did not look good at all. Very cheap looking
Disappointed  I am very sorry to say that I was EXTREMELY dissapointed by my recent order of this doll. It cost almost $25, yet when it arrived, it was a very small, very generic stuffed doll. It looked as if it came out of the "toy crane" that you see at every five and dime, or something a shady fair/carnival worker would give as a prize for popping the greased ballons:(((( I am not usually so negative, but I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece and then had to turn around, and go spend MORE money to buy another gift so as to not seem cheap and dissapoint her:(((
Got this as a christmas gift.  Knew it would prob get here late but that isn't my beef.  Got the package was so excited cause I knew what it was, let my sis open since it was his Christmas gift . . . and got two white ones.  The look on her face was a touch heart breaking.  This was a wishlist item of hers so she knew it was suppose to have two different colors.
Excellent!!!
It took 2 weeks to get them and once i got them  they ripped! and my daughter is gentle with them.
The Recorder in the red plush did not work and the recorder in the yellow toy died after 3 days of use.
Very small. Not worth the money
poor quality
this looked nothing like it did in the picture  this looked nothing like it did in the picture. it fell apart while it was still in the package and its hard to open.
It's supposedly a dog  This is much cuter in picture, I returned it because it looked downright ugly. My husband didn't even know what it was. I do however like the brand of stuffed animals. we have a bunny that when my son doesn't care for it anymore, will be kept by me, its soo soft. Almost vintage stuffed animals.
These are very cute, but the quality is quite poor. After only a few days the small accessories were tearing off and falling off. After a few weeks there are none of the hats, scarfs, or smaller parts left, only the main dolls themselves. They are good for decoration, but not best for a child to play with.
the eyes were fragile and shattered when our 22mo old son bit them.  He could have been very seriously injured!
Really disappointed.  I agree these are definitely NOT 5" and NOT plush dolls, but small keychains.  Really disappointed.
TINY  These are TINY!  They are like key-chain size, maybe 3".  Not 5".  Definitely not what I was hoping for.  Will probably have to return for a larger size.
Cute but WAY smaller than the picture shows.  Sent back.
Not really usable.
not happy  Product was not what I expected. ..not happy
Warning; this Pikachu plush is not suitable for children's skin. My daughter breaks out rash when she holds it!
MY CHILD WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED.  NOT A FUNKO PRODUCT AS ADVERTISED!!!!!!!  MY CHILD WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Claw machine toy  I wouldn't of even given them a star if I didn't have too. This toy is cheaply made and looks like claw machine prize! When I tried to ship it back they made me pay for the shipping which is worth more than the doll!
Ripped  The kids love this toy, but after playing with it 3 times, 1 of the buckle straps ripped completely from the seam.
Upset  This product is crap! I do not recommend it! The first one I ordered came ripped so I ordered a new one and the new one was ripped in the same spot! I don't even want the stupid toy anymore. I'm very upset with the product.
Terrible Quality Knock off  This was a terrible quality fake sent. Not soft or cuddly. It also did not have the Disney logo on the foot. It already had the black thread on feet coming undone before even taking the cardboard off. Buyer beware photo is not what is being sent and you will be disappointed amazon is refunding my money but sadly I won't be able to get another mickey here in time for easter : (
Cute, but it doesn't do much  A neat little toy, but the kids played with it for about 30 mi utes and lost interest.  It giggles and makes some other noises if you roll it or turn it upside down, but after that...you're done.  It wasn't worth the cost and certainly didn't live up to the TV ads.
Wrist broken a 2nd time. Returned the first one after the wrist broke after a week of normal use. Got the 2nd one as a replacement. Wrist broke again after normal use. This toy is defective. I would not buy.
This was a lot smaller then I thought it was from the picture.
dont buy!  cheap knock off. stands about 4 to MAYBE 5 inches. Very cheaply made. Not worth the price. Not an official TOMY pokemon toy.
INCOMPLETE GIFT  CAME WITHOUT THE CAPTAIN'S HAT AND I JUST FOUND OUT BECAUSE IT WAS A LATE CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR  MY GRANDDAUGHTER.  HOW CAN I GET THE MISSING HAT
Item arrived does not look advertised.  The item arrived looking nothing like the photo. It does not look authentic at all. The legs are stubby and face deformed without a neck. Very unhappy.  I didn't want to take it out of my sons hands to return it for a refund but I think I deserve one. I was lied to.
Poor Construction  As with the other reviews on this item, one of the hooves came loose after shooting it two times.  Very poorly constructed.
Wrong colors.
Balance  This plush can not stay balanced , the feet of the plush are all different sizes. It is fine other than that , but I want my plushes to be able to stay in one place.
Cheaply made and didn't arrive on time.
This is a complete ripoff.  It is so small and the grunt sounds are ridiculous  I am embarrassed to give this as a gift it looks so cheap.  Save your money
Disappointed!!!  Poorly made.....
Never got it  I give it a one star because I never got my purchase. I was very desappointed. My grandson was left without his Cat in the Hat plush animal. Well, not really since I when to another store and bought it for him.
It never worked  Eyelids wouldn't open, his body wouldn't move and he would consistently go back to sleep after 30 seconds.  Tried new batteries, reset, tried everything and nothing worked.
It is really tiny, maybe about 6 inches tall - not worth the price.
Poor quality will fall apart quickly  Bad quality and not as pictured. In the pictures they appear to be embroidered but instead they have sticker details that don't hold up with like play. Here is a photo of one with light play after just one week.
Stupid
The Anna doll is fine but Elsa's neck is too skinny and her head is too big and heavy. So her head just flops to the side and back. Seems like her head is not going to stay on long. I had to order another set directly from the Disney store. I would return these but I already gave them to my daughter. I hope she is not scarred for life when Elsa's head finally comes off!
High price  This is an outrageous price for this plush. It was originally $16.99 please don't waste your money.  It's cute but not even that soft.
the picture inappropriately displays the details of the product - the eyes were misplaced and the eyelids were asymmetrical and  I brought this along with another plush from another company and I was expecting it to be of similar quality since I had to pay almost the same price. In addition to being smaller, the picture inappropriately displays the details of the product - the eyes were misplaced and the eyelids were asymmetrical and made the doll look stupid. Also, the little thing sticking off the back is not as prominent in the actual product I received. I had to return it to get a better one for a cheaper price.
Looks great, but the neck sewing tore after a couple of days...
no noise!  i was so excited to get this toy for my dog but as i opened it there was no noise no sounds nothing.. Really dissappointed
READ THIS I bought this and I was happy with the quality  READ THIS I bought this and I was happy with the quality, but it is overpriced. I did not see this until I researched the value. I found a shiny and regular rayquaza for 20$. Find other sellers.
Order messed up!  It came pink instead of brown...! I was very upset it was a gift for someone for their birthday. Urg
Thank you Amazon for not charging me for the return... .this plush is tiny doesn't sing .... didn't even take this  out of package price is ridiculously not worth it  way too expensive for its value. ...
Item came broken  The item came broken. I was able to return item through Amazon, but still very disappointing for my little girl.
Stopped glowing.  I bought this for my daughter's first Birthday in May and she loved it. However, by July the light in Tigy had stopped lighting up so all it does now is sing. She couldn't care less about it now that it doesn't light up and sing so I'm left wishing I'd just bought something else.
Cute, but doesnt work/last.  I ordered this for my one-year-old daughter because it was her favorite toy for 6 months before it stopped playing the music. So even though it didn't last that long, I was happy to replace it because she loved it so much. However, one day after I received it in the mail, the legs stopped working. It still makes the trotting sound, but the legs don't move. Very disappointing.
Horrible quality  This plush started to fall apart within days. Very poor quality and construction. I had to sew it up in many areas. I think all toys that are trade mark licensed toys and plushes are made in the worst quality and charged an outrageous price for the name brand. If my son did not have autism and obsessive interests I would never ever buy any of these toys.
This stiching looked really bad.. Not work almost 17 dollars.
This is not the plush that's in the picture. Also the tail is on with a string.
can with a big hole in the arm!
Size matters.  The advertised size is 6", but the size of the product is about 4". That's not entirely off-putting, but for the price, the missing two inches is a lot of money wasted. The product is more of a McDonald's toy than a plush.
Knock-off Plush  My son was disappointed today when his new plush came in the mail and it was a fake. Diddy's hand are backwards and Nintendo is misspelled on the cap.
The stuffing comes out every time Olaf moves. Very disappointing considering the price tag.
Not for me.  The color of the hair came very yellow, almost light green, which looks very bad. The measuring of the clothing and other pieces were very bad quality. I feel like this was made with cheap material. I do not recomend this.
NOT THE SAME ITEM PICTURED  For $12.00 and it said this was 12' inches I bought this for my daughter.  In reality it's 6' inches and is a cheaper version than what was pictured.  VERY UNHAPPY.  I called Amazon.  They said it's from a 3rd party from China.  So I'm waiting to see the outcome.  DO NOT BUY!
I bought this item for my niece. And half of it quit working.  The bottom half does not work.
waste of money  I bought this for my 4 year old. His review he loved it but he loves anything zelda. My opinion for the price it was a rip off. The plush is no bigger than my palm. Total rip off!!
Too small  Not what I though! Says six inches but it looks like it could be a keychain if you put a ring on it. Kids where very disappointed!
I did not like that I got a smaller size than what was in the description. I bought two that were suppose to be medium in size one was double size of other. Soo disappointed.
Not what I thought  I thought it was a lil bigger. I bought the other characters at Toys R Us and They were bigger than the Gil I purchased.
Disappointing  My 17-month-old son loves to buckle the strap on his changing table pad, high chair, stroller, etc. So I thought this toy would be the perfect travel buddy for our upcoming 2-hour flight. Well, my son was excited to see this toy at first, but after he tried the buckles, frustration made him hate it. The straps have no slack to them, so he finds it difficult to pull them together while trying to clasp the buckle. Also, these buckles are miniature compared to what he is used to on the aforementioned baby gear. By comparison, the plastic is thin and flimsy. He has a hard time manipulating the smaller pieces. He ends up throwing it across the room after about 10 seconds of effort every time he picks it up. Not what I hoped it would be.
Not good for a little baby  Nose was ripped and eyes are hard. Not good for a little baby.
Couldn't get it to talk!
This vulpix is a very disapointing 10" inch's a lot smaller than I was expecting
Fake  Maybe I missed it in the description but it was a knock off. I bought one from toys r us and it was different from this one...the toys r us one was "soft" or furry like a stuffed animal all over , this one had some funky material that was like a cheap polyester silky fabric.  If you don't care if it isn't like the ones you pay $49.99 , then it would do ...
Would of love this item if only both was deliver  I did not get spot only the dinosaur was deliver. So I return the dinosaur.  Would of love this item if only both was deliver.  The item that I did get was perfect.
Disney Frozen 8" Olaf Non Talking Plush - Disappointment !!!!  2 days after I got it his buttons started falling off. I will have to glue or sew back on. It was for my 10 month old grandson for Christmas. Somewhat disappointed.
Terrible quality, don't waste your money!  I wish I could give no stars. I purchased these as a Christmas gift and and less than an hour later Luigi had no nose and Marios straps were no longer attached. Ive never seen anything like it. Perhaps I could understand it months from now but they were barely touched!!! Very disappointing especially since I gave it as a gift.
Does NOT look like the photo  Extremely disappointed. The hair is all wrong and flower band glued in wrong place. Directly from China.
Not that great of a toy.... Hard to press for s child and cheaply made.
i honestly thought it would be a bit bigger and more plush, lesson learned... no more ordering toys
Not so gigantic....  Less than a foot tall.
I like how I paid $16 for this toy and when I received it there is a $10 price tag on it.
It was slightly ripped open  It is a very cute product. however, when I got it, it had an open toe and that was really disappointing. I really wanted to love the product but for this reason, I would not buy this product from here again.
but it's super  It was a little smaller than I thought and it has a hole in the ear and it's not smiling but frowning.. but it's super soft
misleading  The advertisement states an 8 inch plush doll and I got a 4 inch plush doll; I called the retailer and he said he hasn't had a chance to change the info on Amazon; yet it is still advertised as a 8 inch plush doll. I wanted to send it back but it would have cost more in S/H then the doll is worth!!! I am VERY DISATISFIED with my product!!!!!
Most horrible and annoying toy to ever find a way into my house. The cute eyes the furby once had have been replaced by the digital screen and all it does is blabber stupid and stereotypical "American" comments".  Weewa not impressed", (yes it named it's self and spoke in third person). " Far out", wakie wakie me dream of cakie". That's just a small sampling and to top it off there isn't any type of volume control which is a delight. Lucky me after only a couple of good drops good old Furby bit the dust after only 6 weeks.  One of the hypes of the boom is the app where you can go make "furblings" as if one wasn't enough, and other game type things. Seriously unless you enjoy bringing a loud over priced toy into your home or you are over 8 and under 13 this is one toy you should consider passing up.
Stopped singing in the first day.
Small and Not Quite Eevee  This stuffed toy was a lot smaller than I expected. The size might have been in the description, so it could be my fault for not reading, but don't expect and average sized stuffed animal. It also doesnt really look like Eevee. It looks like a cheap knock off.
Not worth it!  I am so disappointed. It looks like a roadkill Takara Tomy plush and can't even sit up right. It's kind of soft (once you get used to looking at it's ugly face) but the stitching is really bad. It looks absolutely nothing like the elegant glaceon in the picture.
Would not buy again  Sheds terribly bad!
Wrong size!!!!  this was a birthday gift and we were waiting for the toy ..when we opened the package we found that the 19inch toy was actually 5inches or so..completely disappointed
Very small.
Not identical to the ones sold in the store????  Not identical to the ones in the store...  believed to be a fake.  The label is in a different place and markings are different as well. At first I thought it was used because it did not have a card/tag like the ones you get when you purchase in the stores. So I compared it to the ones in the store and it is definitely different.  Made similar but different and comes with no purchase card/tag so looks used.  Purchased to give as a gift so really disappointed.
Damaged Plush!  The stuffed Godzilla came with a rip right along the seam under the neck.  Repairing was near impossible.  So disappointed, and so wasn't my son.  For the money I spent on this, the plush should have been better then perfect.
False description  I only got 6 of the 9 i ordered...
Not actually 15"
Disappointed  I had no idea how tiny this thing would be.  I guess I didn't pay enough attention to the 6" on the description.  It was so small that my six month old isn't into it at all.  I ended up going to Babies R Us and buying her a bigger one that she just loves!!  Maybe she will like it when she's older but right now, she wants a big Elmo.
not great  VERY SMALL , my son won't even play with it.. I was hoping for a larger one to throw on his bed..
It doesn't work :(
Poor Construction  The toy itself looked great and my child loved it. However, after a day or so, with gentle play, the seams started bursting open. This toy is very poorly manufactured.
Warning, read this.  Not received the products, I've paid, I told Amazon but so far nothing. Not received the products, I've paid, I told Amazon but so far nothing.
I bought these for newborn photography, the heads are HUGE. Make baby look tiny. Also,  the details on them are way off. S on superman is backwards and Capt. America's sheila is messed up.
Disappointed  I ordered this doll 2 weeks ago and have not rec'd it yet....very disappointed!!!! Was so excited about getting it for a birthday present.
RIPOFF!!!  I was a little hesitant to pay $35 for a stuffed animal, but my wife loved the little guy from the movie and loves stuffed animals, so I thought what the heck, it's Christmas...  Then i get it and it has a $15 price tag on it???  UNREAL!
Good quality but oh so small  Very nice but so small... palm size
Not worth it.  This is a very tiny, very junky looking toy for almost $25.  It is embarassing to give as a gift as it looks like it came from a dollar store.
Dollar store quality .. not worth it...
... a rip on the back right leg very very easy.  Mario got a rip on the back right leg very very easy.
Fragile straps  Received this as a Christmas gift for my child which she loves, but after five minutes of playing one of the buckles came unraveled and after one day of playing another 3 became torn. The stitching is weak or is dry rotting.
WAY to small!!! Claims to be large. Not the case. Not worth the money.
Bought two and both busted after one use
Looks nothing like Eevee.
Very small and cheap looking. Not worth the price  Very small and cheap looking. Not worth the price. I know it says how big they r but still much too small and looks like something I could have got from the dollar store, cheaply made and when shipped they were smashed together in a bag so now the creeper is all mis shapin
Not quite.  To be fair, my son loves the item I received. However, the item I received was clearly not as pictured. To begin with, the tail is nothing like the picture which shows it as a more firm felt piece. The one I received, the tail is floppy and sewn to the back of the character. Also, the arms do not look like the picture - much shorter, not as cute. I ordered this one instead of buying one at a local store because I thought it was better. I ended up with the same one from the store. Disappointed.
Wrinkly and small  Kinda small but seriously wrinkly because they vacuum sealed the small package he was in. Also did not include a tag. It is kinda cute I guess.
Poppy  Not as pictured. Ad states jumbo huggable plush poppy and I received a small talking Poppy.
but was sorely disappointed.  Two of the set of 5 individual plush toys taking box do not work.  There is no way to access the internal talking device to replace dead batteries (assuming that is the problem).  I expected all 5 toys sound to work upon arrival, but was sorely disappointed.
Doesn't look like the picture  The Skipit Pup that I received is skinny and odd looking. It isn't plush and cuddly looking like the picture.
I was a little disappointed..  I was a little disappointed...very smushed looking. Better off buying Boo products by TY beanie baby at the stores. I saw similar one at kid's store, Justice....more expensive than you can find online but much cuter!
Very disappointed with size of toy... very small. .. not worth the money at all.
Looks nothing like the picture  Looks nothing like the picture! The stiching is awful, a leg is not even stuffes and the ring around its neck is detachable. I hate it and I want to return it.
My grandkids didn't like it. My granddaughter thought it was suppose to stethoscope higher than it did.
Don't buy!!! These are not as described.  I bought this one along with Bonnie and Freddy. They were all supposed to be 10" plushies in the box. Bonnie came as a 10" plushies but the other two were little ones in bags. Don't buy these, they are not what is described. I'm very upset as these were birthday presents.
Not recommended  I want to put no stars. Shipping took forever. I'll never buy an item for here again. I bought this item for my wife. The product pic shows a heart with "you melt my heart" on it. But the one she got says "you're cool". What and why.
Very poorly made. The seems look as if they will rip the minute my son tries to stretch it. Stuffing is already coming out. NOT worth the $38 I spent. Seems as if the price was bumped up right before Christmas and this was my only option to get him Raphael. I'm very angry. Do not buy. It's tiny and very deceiving.
Came with "try me" sticker worn off so it must be floor model or something. Smudges and dirt on head.
Not very well made  My son loves his Elmo and his face lit up like Christmas when I gave it to him, However, after about 2 days of snuggling with Elmo, his arm was coming unsewn. So I performed minor surgery on Elmo. It's about 2 weeks later now and his nick is now detaching so his second surgery will be tonight.  My Son really only hugs elmo, he doesn't whip him around or anything crazy. So this thing very poorly put together.
Said animatronic however it didn't move. The construction was set up for 2 of the characters to move up and down and the tree to sway but it didnt. Very bummed out.
The sound did not work
Okay so this is cute... But it has a hole in it... Got it today for my 6 year old and she is so upset bc of the hole. And it has yellow on the white areas... Not sure what that is.
More for babies not older children  Very tiny.  For babies..
Meh  It was much smaller than I expected, and very cheaply made. I thought it would be a fun gift and collectable, but it's already been thrown away. There is a reason it's so inexpensive.
boring and hard to understand what is saying  my son loves Caillou (the show that is) so when we got the doll we thought it'll be a huge hit, wrong! he saw it, try pushing some areas to get it to talk and since the french/english parts are not very clear when he speaks, he soon (no more than 5 minutes later) forgot all about it. pretty sad and a waste of money
I don't know who measured this thing but it isn't even close to 61/2 inches tall it barely reaches 4 inches on my ruler!!! It is TINY!!!!!!! so not worth $20+.
I ordered the talking trolls for $13, and instead received the hug and plush going for $7...
Did not look like this at all. I was very disappointed
but granddaughter liked  very small, but granddaughter liked it
Tom stopped talking after 10 mins of my son playing it.
Sad looking troll!   I purchased this gift for a child off the giving tree in my neighborhood.... I am extremely disappointed with the way it came out of the bag. The bag was so tight that the doll literally looks sad and is stuck in the head down position.
bootleg  this is a bootleg product. I was happy when I first opened it, but about a day later I realized I had been scammed. the seams under the arms were ripped, and the eye was flat. it looked like a piece of fabric was sewn onto a button and glued to the plush. also, you could lift the eyepatch. it was very wide and off colored. I'm giving it two stars because I still had some decent memories with it, and that's the only reason I still have it.
... had gaps and fills loosely done could of been better  The stitching on the back on the head had gaps and fills loosely done could of been better
Cheap.  Looks like a dollar store you defiantly not worth almost $8!
Not as advertised  I'm so sad! I just ordered this for my daughter's birthday. The product information and the reviews stated that she said "I've got a great idea!" "Stay positive!" and "Group hug!" among other phrases. I just received her, and she says three things: "Woo hoo!" "Hahaha" and "HooHOO!"... so three laughing type sounds. Not cool. :(
So I think the concept is great and she really enjoyed playing with it  I gave it to my daughter for her 2nd birthday and she loves it. However, on the first day, one of the straps came out of the seam. Within a week, four more had come out. So I think the concept is great and she really enjoyed playing with it, but they need to find a more durable way to sew it. Unfortunately I can't return it because I bought it over a month before her birthday and it can't be returned past 30 days...so I'm stuck with it.
terrible quality!  Terrible quality
Damaged  Package is extremely damaged. Very unhappy!
Bad stitching. The eyes are crooked  Poorly made. Bad stitching. The eyes are crooked. Legs are lop sided and 1 is longer than the other.
Bad product quality!!!  Reallt bad quality of product item pictures show one thing when received its something different!  Would give half a star but cant!
Really disappointed in the quality  Really disappointed in the quality.  It looks like a toy you'd get out of one of those claw machines or a carnival.  Don't think it is worth the price at all.
Small and generic looking
Light burnt out after just a few weeks of light use  My twin 1.5 year olds love them, but the light has gone out in one of them. Lasted just a few weeks. They stay in their cribs, so not overuse. Still plays music, but hugely disappointed it doesn't work the way it should.
Very disappointing.  I wish I had read the save your money review.  Very disappointing.  You could get this at any arcade game of chance for less than a dollar.  So small and ratty looking.  Doubt I will even give this to my granddaughter in her stocking.
Waste of time & money  This does not giggle. After removing the plastic pull to activate the battery it still did nothing. My toddler & infant are not even interested in it since now it is just a furry ball. I would return it, but to pay for shipping for a minimal amount item & trying to get my kids out of the house to a place to ship it back seems asinine. I won't purchase anything else from this seller again. Waste of time & money.
Annoying.  Confusion of size and smaller than expected. Long wait for delivery. Annoying. Cute
Iffy on size and doll  Showed up 10 with a price tag ripped off...  knock off IMHO
Terrible quality, his mouth is falling off.
Whyyy the price increase !?  Thought  I was losing my mind when I saw the price  change the first time, and especially this recent hike. Very, VERY sad to see it go up,  No longer going to be able to justify buying or recommending these. I was so excited to find these initially because of the amazing price and adorable elephant but this is insane. I echo the others who are very disappointed. :( The product itself is great but not at this price. Not worth it anymore
Product did not make any sound and I had to return.....they did not have another to send to me
Horrible Quality  Mine arrived looking like a refugee from a war-torn African nation.  The hair is coarse, spiky in places, falling out, mixed with a thread that is coming out from under his chin, and glued stiff around the eyes.  The glue around his eyes scratches and is obvious.  A mesh fabric flap juts out from under his chin.  It looks like crocheting fabric.  Just a horrible toy.  What a waste of money.  NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE SHOWN.
Cute, but not safe for a 2 year old  Although the manufacturer recommended age for this product is 24 month and up, this product is not appropriate for a 2 year old.  I purchased this for my 2 year old grandson and when it arrived, I found it to be very cute and worked as advertised.  However, the battery is in a zippered compartment that can be easily unzipped by a 2 year old giving them access to the batteries.  As children of this age like to unzip and unbuckle things, the zipper would be very attractive to them.  Not only is there the danger that the child could put the batteries in his/her mouth, but, of less importance,  the wires could be easily broken by a toddler roughly pulling out the battery compartment.  I'm not sure how this product could have been safety approved for a 2 year old.
DO NOT BUY!!!!! very poor quality!!!!!  I am now on my second one of these..the first one had a hole in the neck, with stuffing coming out if it. I returned that one. The second looks like it was sewn by my 5 year old for which the stuffed animal was purchased for. We have over 30 stuffed Pokemon, and have never seen such poor quality. If my son did not love it so much i be returning this one for a refund. Wish I could give negative star ratings...
These came in boxes that were damaged and the toys had stuffing poking through the seams.
The top of the head has green fabric coming through the cheap paint job like it needed a second coat and someone forgot  Cheap fabric material and the face details are painted on. The top of the head has green fabric coming through the cheap paint job like it needed a second coat and someone forgot. I was going to give this to a child but now I'm giving it to my dog.
Came with a rip.  My son loves Elmo. So I was excited to find this I thought he could carry it around with him. It wouldn't be too big or too small. However, he's not interested in him at all! And worst of all, Elmo came with a rip in his arm.
Disappointed...  The thing looks fine. It's big but has no Mojang tags and I received it with Chinese (?) characters written on the top with a marker. Overall, a bit unimpressed. The fact that the official Mojang tags are nowhere to be seen makes the item worthless to collectors such as myself.
Dog hair comes out each time you rub it. We threw it in the trash.
Very poorly put together started coming open at the seems when first played with by a seven year old child.
Trash!  Don't buy. Cheaply made. Seeing thread came out. Depressing gift for my child. Refund!!!
The shell is crap. Not impressed  Very cheaply made. The shell is crap. Not impressed.
Cute, funny, BUT lasted 10 minutes!  Cute...But 4 year old had dismembered its leg within 10 minutes.  I can probably sew it back on, but haven't tried yet.
and they are really crappy, poorly made and missing stuffing  I ordered two, and they are really crappy, poorly made and missing stuffing.
Lost a leg right after opening the box.
Sheds  Sheds a lot for the price. If you're ok with shag carpet strands all over you then buy this.
TWENTY FIVE CENT MACHINE TROLL  This was terrible. ......cheap...cheap.....and took three weeks to arrive even with AMAZON PRIME.......
The eyes of the poor are painted
not exactly what I expected
Cheap knock-off  Looks nothing like the picture - the colors are wrong and the quality is shoddy.
Not very soft at all
I have brought so many things from Amazon and this is one one three worst..  I can not believe hire small this thing is it fits into the palm of a new born baby hands....I have brought so many things from Amazon and this is one one three worst...don't buy unless you looking for a keychain...I really wish they had 0 stars
Little Frankensteins Monsters  I have recently purchased 4 of these adorable togepis. 3 out of the 4 of them were horribly disfigured, stuffed and sewn badly and not in great shape at all. Only one of the 4 are perfect to every last detail. But I would not recommend these togepis to anyone.
Disappointed  The colors, size, and texture are perfect. He's very soft and cuddly, and he's very vibrant. However, the flames coming from his mouth are standing straight up and look ridiculous. One of the felt toes, and two of his teeth are sewn on incorrectly, his wings are bent unevenly, and his head is tilted a bit to the side. I was a bit disappointed to receive him after waiting so long, but I do understand he couldn't have been easy to make.
Disappointed but oh well  Cute but a lot smaller than was said. When I purchased it, it was a 6" doll, now it says 4.5" which it really isn't even that. Disappointed but oh well.
Expensive Piece of Junk!  When new batteries were put in, it would not work anymore. It is now worthless.
Actual color scheme varies :(  I was expecting to get the mermaid plush pictured, but instead got one with lighter hair and a tail that has mostly yellow. I was also disappointed with how small this plush actually is.
The wing came off just after one day.
Rating of plush figure  The item I purchased is of a poor quality and workmanship for a Disney product. Have purchased items before and they were of high quality fabric and design. This is not and for the price not worth it. So disappointed.
Don't Buy, Rip Off!!!  Nothing like pictured and not an actual Tomy product like stated, I am returning as soon as possible !!!
wouldnt buy from this seller again  product took FOREVER to get to us. my little boy kept asking when it would arrive only to be disappointed day after day after day. took nearly a month to receive THEN when we do get it it's small and literally coming apart at the seems! I had to sew the hat back on and sew the entire front seem as the stuffing was coming out! VERY disappointed! good thing I was able to sew it for him!
Smaller than they say.  I was really disappointed in the size, i was expecting it to be a little bigger. Its described to be 11 inches, it falls short of that. The plus is that the smile on my daughters face when she opens it is the only thing thats going to me it worth the $17.
poor quality  poor quality, legs don't support it as is shown in picture (it won't stand up)
Don't waist your time or money.  Poorly made. Returned this item.
Filled with water and battery rusted  Used once and my nephew loved it, until it filled with water and the battery rusted and turned water brown.. waste of money and very disappointed child
Three Stars  I honestly thought this was a bigger 11' tsum tsum becasue the photos made it look huge (if you look at the tag compared to the size of the tsum tsum it's extremely small) The price tag on the tsum tsum says its only $4.95.....NOT WORTH THE $14....it's a rip off. Seriously. Don't buy it here, just go to the store instead.
Oh Deer  cute, but smaller than I thought
Very small for price
dont waste your money  Looks nothing at all like the photo, looks like a orange dinosaur from a claw machine. Horrible quality .... very dissapointed don't waste your money
I WOULD NOT BUY!  THIS IS CRAP!!! Comes with no balls and is cheap made. Very deceiving advertisement!! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL!! I may as well went outside and burned my $25 up!
Shaun the sheep doll looked like something you'd find at a carnival game  Shaun the sheep doll looked like something you'd find at a carnival game...small and cheaply made.  Timmy doll is larger and what I expected it too be.
on off switch does not work like scout  The power button in the ear does not work. We have to open the back of the bear to flip the main power switch.
Poor quality!  Just opened the box and is coming out of the plush.
Shoddy materials  It came loose in the box, so was dirty when it arrived and it feels like it's stuffed with packing peanuts -not soft or "cuddly" at all. For the poor quality it was definitely way over priced. Hard to believe this is a licensed product.
Don't waste your money!  This doll did not cost much and in some cases you get what you pay for!  It's cheaply put together, the clothes are not separate they are part of the doll figure, so don't expect her to really have on a pair of pants or a shirt.  The little so called jacket tied around her waist is just a piece of fabric cut in the shape of a jacket and sewn down to the body!  The hair is so cheaply done I'm going to try and re-do that!  At least then she may look half way decent.  Wasn't worth the money to send it back so I have learned from experience, not to buy something like this again unless you can see it personally!
... gotten one at the Dollar Tree because of it's poor  i kept it cause i did not want to have to pay to send but i think I could have gotten one at the Dollar Tree because of it's poor quality
Apears Refurbished, Unable To Present As A Gift  Toy appears to be refurbished or from rejected manufacturing batches.
Kind of dingy looking  This is pretty cute, however the material looks dingy and the tail is lumpy. If I had spent more money on this I would be pretty upset.
Dissatisfied  Doesn't feel soft and smells like shrimp even after going through the washer.
Going to have to purchase more Beanie Babies from someone else to make up for the boring choices they sent me  needed Beanie Babies for girls birthday party. I ordered a qty of two of the 5 random beanie babies. I ended up with 2 Christmas bears, one 1998 bear and one other bear (not sure what it was) and the rest were different animals. I was hopping to have more of a variety. Going to have to purchase more Beanie Babies from someone else to make up for the boring choices they sent me.
I was expecting it to be more ridgid  This was a bit of a disappointment for me. The material the interior rod is made from has a lot of flexibility to it. The plush exterior looks exactly as it does in the pictures and seems to be made well though. That being said, my 4 year old loves it. I was just expecting something better
Not much fun! Not washable.  I gave this to one of my nieces who loves Elmo. At first my niece loved it but this toy couldn't keep her attention for long. It is made from a material that can attract dust and because it's not washable, the sneezing Elmo can soon become a germ spreader. Also, as others mentioned that the battery is not replaceable, its voice didn't last long after about two months of use.  At its current price ~$22 (list price $35), I don't think this toy is a good value.
Too small
It came in a plastic bag soaking wet smelling like some kind of chemical  This stuffed animal was a gift for my grandson. It came in a plastic bag soaking wet smelling like some kind of chemical. I'm so glad I checked it out first. Terrible, terrible product
Too small
Small Size. Over Priced.  This was a lot smaller than I was thinking. For the amount of money, its not worth it. I will not purchase this again, nor recommend it. Over priced. Fit in the palm of both hands combined.
Small but cute  Small, but cute. Using in sons nursery.
Summary not bad.  Summary not bad. But for me, too small, I thought I would figure larger. Dont like that everywhere drop of glue, on the face and back. The impression that is done quickly and poorly.
My doll doesn't talk nor has a place for battiers.
Omg so disappointed.. sooo small
Too expensive!  This toy is very good quality but... price! It is very small. Site did not have size of the toy but my daughter really wanted it for her birthday. When it arrived we both were disappointed: very small!  I wish we knew the size. I do not think it worth that much.
smashed and discolored  Showed up and box was smashed. It's insides feel like an empty water bottle when squeezed. It crackles. Not cuddly sound or feel at all. White fur is disclores yellow in places.
Do not buy!!!! I bought two doll and both of their heads came off two days after the girls got them.
Not at all as described. I bought a Large/Jumbo 22" Olaf and received a 16" medium Olaf. Very upsetting to be lied to!
it was bad, clingy material  The picture was deceiving. It looks soft and cute. But when I got the doll, it was bad, clingy material, was rough to the touch, and didn't have the same face.
Bunnie  I bought this little bunny as a companion to the "Marshmallow" book, as a baby shower gift.  I am disappointed because (1) it is very small for the price (no dimensions were given in the ad) and (2) although the manufacturer is called "Bunnies By the Bay" it is actually made in China, which I had particularly wanted to avoid.
Not happy.  This Snoopy is not 7.5" tall.  The picture shows Snoopy is standing, but he will not stand because of the way the legs are attached.  He will only sit.  The actual item is not as pictured.  Not happy.
Too small  For the price we thought we were purchasing a pillow for our 4 year old granddaughter to lay her head on. We were disappointed it was so small. It's cute, but not functional.
Don't do it  the back is easy to open velcro - so the two year old just opens it up and takes out the talking part while playing - then we have to try to find it later when she wants it - frustrating - get the Gund Sesame Street ABC Elmo Educational Musical Toy instead
Poorly sewn plush. Already unraveling and my son has been gentle with it!
Stitches fell apart after days. Tried to return and the wrong replacement was sent. If it would of stayed together I guess it would be an ok product. But I wouldn't know.
Ugg, What a Mess!  I purchased this through Babyster and am thoroughly disappointed with the quality! The toy has the patch saying it is a Disney toy and looks like the picture, BUT there are so many holes along the seams. I first noticed one on the fin that will continue to unravel, as well as 2 much larger holes along the seam on the bottom. The stitch job was very sloppy with multiple strands hanging off from each fin and the strands made to look like fins was coming off! Amazon was amazing at handling my dissatisfaction, that's why I gave it one star because the toy itself deserves no stars!!
VERY BAD QUALITY  SO DISAPPOINTING ! STITCHES ON ARM BROKEN, HAND NOT SEWED PROPERLY. VERY...VERY BAD QUALITY !!! NOT WORTH 5 USD !
... the rip in the back didn't make me too happy.  Got what I wanted but the rip in the back didn't make me too happy.
Item was smaller than I had expected but I did not read into details. His head only has one stripe between eyes instead of two. Item was not nearly as cute in person.
I thought it was a lot bigger!! This is not worth the money AT ALL!! It's not even worth 1 star
These look like they should have been in a happy meal  These look like they should have been in a happy meal, feel cheap and I would have returned it but I don't feel like going through all that.
Doesn't work  Like other reviewers, our Elmo can't sense that he is on the potty and only has "accidents".  Even though my toddler loves this toy, I'm a little uncomfortable that this toy to introduce potty training only celebrates"accidents".
Toooo small  This thing is so tiny and not worth any amount over 5 bucks .So disappointed by this purchase
Pokefail!  I was pretty disappointed when I opened my Amazon box and saw how low quality this product was. I got two of these for my kids since they're so into Pokemon Go. They were super excited when they saw them, but within thirty seconds, my daughter (who is six) says, "Daddy, I'm really glad you bought these for us, but they're really junkie!" Even my six year old could tell they were garbage. After about an hour of tossing them around, my son's was falling apart at the seams and my wife had to sew it back together.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that they probably cost about twenty cents each to manufacture. You easily get equal or better quality from a gumball machine or the lowest tier toys at Chuck E Cheese. The outer "skin" is made of super thin felt and the stitching is very loose. The picture makes it look like it's furry...it isn't. The only reason it earned a second star is because it had the lowest price on Amazon. Honestly, it's such a lame toy...a stuffed sphere the size of an apple...it's insane to me that all of the options cost so much. Supply and demand is a powerful thing. Thanks Pokemon Go!
Smaller than I wanted :(  This item was much smaller than I expected... still a cute deer though
Overall Disappointment  The doll came with a tag, but in no box so the wings, dress and ears were all bent and mangled. The measurements say 12" in height but the doll is small over all. It also doesnt really look like something Disney would put their name on...looks cheap, like a knock off. I bought as a gift but was not about to give her this piddly thing, so I bought something else and used this to tie onto the giftbag as part of the bow...
The whiskers did not lay nicely. But my great nephew liked him.
Authentic but does not talk.  This doll is tagged as talking but does not talk. I will be returning this. Quite disappointed.
My Ghost Boo look very different?  My main problem with my Ghost Boo is that the mouth is lot smaller then in pictures. He look like he was punch in the face and have swollen mouth.
Terrible  Was not what was shone in pics was not the dimentions that they posted not worth that much!!!
Spelt wrong!  HORRIBLE! The writing says "Rubbet Duck" instead of "Rubber Duck". Rubber is spelt with an R at the end, not a T.
It was returned. The stuffed animal was not completely sewn together. The interior stuffing was exposed. Badly build product.
Should have listened to the other reviews!  So I got this for my 18month old son as he loves Toopy and Binoo. Not much out there for toopy and binoo products so even though I knew the reviews weren't that great, I thought I'd give it a try. We've only had this for a month and the head is already ripping of. He isn't rough with it or anything either. The stuffy is very small size wise and cheap quality. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, not worth it!
What a waste of money  Used once and it stopped working and is badly rusted inside.  What a waste of money!
Not as described  Purchased for my daughter, upon opening the bag the first thing you smell is mildew.  There are no hangtags as described in the Q&A section.  Lots of loose threads and stuffing coming out of head and tail.  I submitted for a refund waiting to hear back from seller.  Really wish that I was paying better attention when ordering, should have made sure it was shipped with prime as I never have issues with quality when I pay more for the prime item.
Waste of $$$  I don,t think it is enough for 2 year old. Waste of $$$
Damage product
Not genuine and not proportional.  The item is a knockoff of the official product. The tags are not genuine and very poorly done. It looks like somebody took a picture of the "Mega Tokyo" tag and tried to apply it on this tag through Microsoft Paint.  Now, I usually don't mind if the item is not official, as long as it looks decent. But this plush is extremely disproportionate. It only vaguely resembles what the genuine product is. The facial proportions are off as well as the body proportions.  I would look elsewhere for this pikachu doll, as I believe you will regret buying this.
Do Not Buy!  Item not as pictured. Very disappointed. Item is cheaply made and looks nothing like the ninetales in the picture. From reading the reviews and looking at the picture I thought I was buying a legit pokemon product. When I ordered this I was eagerly awaiting its arrival so it could be added to my other stuffed pokemon. Today when it arrived and I opened the bag it came in I was highly disappointed. What I received was not the beautiful ninetales pictured but pitiful copy that looks nothing like the picture. I would not recommend this ninetales to anyone.
I was very excited to get him.. that ended quickly. When opened it had a tag reading Toy Club on its ear and manufacturer tag that reads Nici. NICI is a german company BTW and has no license to the franchise so the tag is bootleg. It's not even the product shown but instead a cheap knockoff with little paddle feet and half sized arms bent and sewn to his chest. It was not a Tomy product nor licensed . What I received was basically a cheap crane machine or carnival giveaway. This was a total scam. So very very angry.
Disappointing  This looked like it was going to be a great little first woodworking toolkit.  The tools are small enough they will be difficult to use (particularly the saw).  The wooden pieces in place to hold the hammer and the straight edge and pencil in place came broken.  In general, it's just a little chintzy.
It's too small
Not happy with this product  Not happy with the product. I paid more for this expecting it to be bigger than 12" as it showed "14" on the item description but it is actually the same as 12".
Item received different than item pictured  Item I received was only 7" tall and did not have the Disney seal on Olaf's foot as pictured. While it was decent quality, it wasn't as described. Returned. Based off other reviews, I see I'm not the only one who's had this problem.
Item came with the back of one leg broken open.  Too much stuffing had been put inside.  I was able to remove some stuffing and sew up the leg myself.
Perhaps I was expecting the Snow man to be larger - like 10 or 11"  Although he is supposed to be 8" he is actually teenier than Herbie. Perhaps I was expecting the Snow man to be larger - like 10 or 11"?!
DOesnt sit up.
I was not satisfied with the pikachu plush at all  This produce was missing a nose and the pikachu did not look as pictured. The pikachu was not cute and round instead it was shoddily made and looked completely weird. I was not satisfied with the pikachu plush at all. Amazon was so kind and refunded my money back. I feel that Amazons customer service is above and beyond. I may have gotten a bad pikachu, but it was very very poor
Cute doll but can't get him to talk. I guess I didn't expect much because it was so cheap. These must be old and they just want to get rid of them.
Ill never buy from this company again...  This is a TON smaller than what was advertised online. Im not happy. The quality is ok. But definately not good.
I was expecting it to be like 6 or 7 inches NOT a foot tall  WAS TOO BIG! I was expecting it to be like 6 or 7 inches NOT a foot tall! I Would like to return this and get the size everyone else got.
*VERY tiny---I bought this for my 2 yr old goddaughter and it's not a cute as the pic but worse--I was expecting it to be at least a  "mini' (no pun intended) sized blanket. It's actually more the size of a washcloth so beware.  I didn't notice any mention of sizing in the description.
my son had it for one day and it is falling apart already
Unsafe  Not happy with this purchase. His mouth is framed by a wire and it's extremely sharp on the corners. I feel it's unsafe for my 1 year old.
TINY!!!!  TINY!!!! TINY!!!! TINY! The force is not strong with this one
Did not like the hair
Regretful  I regret ordering this. Not only did it come 2 days later than promised but it's smaller than I thought. It is NOT 12" like the reviews state. I could've bought a much bigger one for a couple dollars more at the store & not paid the shipping on it. Disappointed
Already Ripped  My son has only played with this a few times and it has already ripped at the seam where it is supposed to be able to pull apart easily.  I am not happy with the quality of it at all.
TOO SMALL  Item is too small for the price charged. Would NOT RECOMMEND. Will not purchase another like item of similar interest.
Itty bitty is an understatement!  It said "itty bitty" but this is tiny!! Came squished into an even tinier plastic bag. Not cute and not worth the money. Returning...
Not a good product.  Cheap.  Not a good product.
way more money than its worth  way to small for the price and not at all cuddly. way to expensive! i saw one in nbc studios in nyc for two dollars more and it was a lot bigger, softer, and just all around better
Not Exactly as pictured  First off, the one pictured is not exactly as the one I received.  The one I received had a white string loop attached to it, as if to hang it from something, the nose wasn't as big and his flower was a bit squished.  I've been buying the Mario plush toys for my kids and can tell you that the plush with the RED tags are the officially licensed from Nintendo,  the others, like this one is a knockoff of the Global Holdings (AKA red tags) plush toys.  I ordered the GH version of this plush and it was about an inch or two bigger all around,  no string, no squished flower, and a plumped up nose.  I already returned this one and got the GH version and there isn't much of a price difference.
Go with different product  Nothing to brag about.
this plush is definitely not the one that is shown on the picture, or mentioned on the title
The remarks saidplush but the face was hard and my granddaughter didn't like it. I see they have come out with one now that is totally soft but I have already found one locally that was totally soft
Don't Buy,,,,,  This is a dollars item, don't buy,,,,
Doesn't Sing  **UPDATE: I received the replacement voice boxes (two were sent). Unfortunately they both stopped singing before we even made it home from the mailbox. BUT, the seller also included two extra dolls which was a very pleasant surprise and my granddaughter is thrilled. Still only one star due to product quality, but the customer service gets 5!**  The doll itself is cute but it does not sing. I have an email to the seller and hope it just needs a battery (it was supposed to come with one). If it doesn't sing it will be going back.
Fun quality lowi  I bought this for my nephew so the size is great for him but I didn't like that you have to keep pushing his stomach for him to continue singing. When you push once, its sys one "la" and then you push again to say ananother "la". The song doesn't finish until you push the stomach a million timea.
Not Good!  Cheap and did not live up to add. oh yeah overpriced too. do not buy this toy your kid will hate it.
NOT the Elmo advertised.  NOT the Elmo that was advertised, NOT the Elmo that we wanted. This is NOT baby sniffles, it's some sort of weird mechanical Elmo with awful posture.
Very little. Not well made.
I never received this item from the seller, so I cannot rate it. I found out the hard way that the seller has a habit of doing this to customers. DO NOT BUY from this seller. I would not give even 1 star.
Not worth the money  This isn't a Disney World item. Overpriced for an item with a tag from DISNEY STORE!
Obnoxious and deformed looking!  I don't go out of my way to write bad reviews, but OMG...this was received as a gift and it is OBNOXIOUS.  Now, in all fairness, we already had the Leapfrog Violet dog thingy which isn't bad, so our expectations were high to begin with. Here are a few of the things I don't like: 1. Too many options. Every part of this toy has some feature and even I haven't figured them all out. They're just overwhelming and confusing. 2. To make matters worse, the control buttons are inadequately anchored, meaning they kind of float around and you've got to search for the sweet spot. ANNOYING. 3. The power button... Does it work? Is it supposed to do something other than what one would think? I dunno. I hit it and nothing much happens. On Violet it shuts it off immediately. On Cora... I really don't know. 4. Speaking of buttons, the embroidered symbols are special. I honestly thought the birthday present symbol was some sort of medical symbol.  Yep, I guess that's MY bad lol... But it looks like a medical cross. 5. That voice. My god that voice. Sickly sweet and very obviously insincere. I really can't believe that was the approved voice. Violet is so much less obnoxious. 6. Strangely worded songs: Surely they could have done better than "We'll have fun lots of fun all the day"? How about "every day" instead? More logical AND that actually makes sense grammatically. Anyway, let's continue to ALL THE problems lol.  The sleepy music is a little too fast and NOT soothing at all. 7. Funky face - It's flat but elongated... It's just deformed looking and I can't help thinking about FAS whenever I look at it!! Which makes me feel just horrible. 8. I think that covers it. My daughter likes her though and calls her "Kiki."
There was a bed bug inside one of the bags.  We had to freeze the toys and then take the things out and wash the toys.
Recommend for Children 2 years or younger!  Bought these for my 7 year old. My assumption was I thought they would have been bigger and hoped for better quality considering its "Frozen". I ended up giving them away. Not worth the price in my opinion. I recommend for Children 2 years or younger!
Not as pictured  This product was ordered from this seller, and it was not the product we received. The size of what we received when we ordered this product is 5"(W) x 9"(H) x 2"(D) inches, and it was not even close to what is pictured, outside of the fact that it is indeed Elmo. The product that I received came in a bubbler envelope that was soved in my small mailbox, the product was so small I assumed the envelope was empty. For $17.99 plus $6.99 shipping, even my two year old feels ripped off.
Smaller than Expected  I bought several stuffed animals off of Amazon at once and all of them came just as expected except this one.  This looked like a larger stuffed animal from the picture but it was a finger puppet.  It doesn't stand upright or is even shaped in a way that it would.  It also doesn't have a white chest.  It is possible I got the wrong product but the tag on the stuffed animal I received had the correct item number.  Anyway, it was much smaller than all of the other stuffed animals in the same price range.  Amazon refunded the money which was great but I was disappointed in the product.
deceptive description  The picture and description to me are deceptive. If you are getting one why don't just show one in the picture not a whole case. I would have liked to pick out which character I received. Just being sent something at random does not make me happy. I would not recommend this at all. My only problem is I bought this for Christmas and we are having Christmas in a few days.
do not buy!  this toy does not work as stated. my grandson who is eight was so disappointed...he threw it away after trying his best to make it fun...it does not release when you throw it, and when it does, it does not work as stated.  cheaply made...over priced.
I am totally disappointed! Wish I knew how to return it  For the money I paid $39.95, my assumption was that it was the larger stuffer.  I am totally disappointed!  Wish I knew how to return it.
This is a cute plant but for price its really small.
The arms had to be adjusted because when Elmo peek a boos the other hand didn't cover his eye
other than that good!!  Shoulder had a hole inseam... other than that good!!
bad toy  When it arrived it was already broken and did not work I added new batteries and it did not work.
Tummy Stuffer  My 7 year old daughter used her own birthday money to buy the Tummy stuffer, it was WAY TOO SMALL, the previews of the size on TV and the internet was a BIG FAT LIE, and one of the feet was totally ripped off when we got it in the mail. IT was a total joke to be honest.
Broke within first 5 minutes.
does not smell good  The smell is sickening.
Poor quality. Over large, doesn't fit very well at all.
NOT WHAT I EXPECTED, IT WAS TOO SMALL.
Music box can be easily removed  I was looking for a travel music toy when my daughter was in the car, but it not at all what I expected.  What you can't see online is a huge battery compartment/music box that gets stuffed into the back.  The compartment does not fit completely into the storage pocket and can easily be removed if your child is able to pull it out (which mine did often!).  It plays some nice soothing sounds (rain, birds, waves) but if your child removes the compartment it is no longer soothing or inducing sleep!  Overall, not what I expected.  The monkey is soft and has the classic taggies on it.  I ended up using the monkey without the music compartment, however, then it is not worth the price.
And the face is plastic while the rest of the body is a felt like fabric that flops around like a wet noodle  Pros: it sings and the necklace lights up.  Cons: the hair.  I mean what the what???  It's one solid piece of I don't know what.  The head is hollow in the back!!!!  I mean talk about creepy!  And the face is plastic while the rest of the body is a felt like fabric that flops around like a wet noodle.  Oh and she says some quotes that aren't even in the movie.
Very small
VERY INACCURATE DESCRIPTION!!  VERY INACCURATE DESCRIPTION!!  Says 14 inches.  IT WAS ONLY 8 inches!!  I felt cheated!
Imitation  Scary looking imitation plushy.  Fast shipping!
houseshoes so not really educational but lots of fun  Looked all over for these houseshoes for my grandson's Birthday Day.  Finally found them, and in his size, at Amazon. He loves monsters and we know he is going to love these houseshoes.  They seem well made and have lots of padding that is missing in many kids houseshoes.
Not Quite As Great As It Seems  I wrote a review on this toy before I programed it based off of the demo at Toys R Us. I had to delete it. I still think it says the name really well, but it doesn't do NEAR as much as I thought it would. The box says he says over 100 things, but that means options of things, not things you can program at once. You can pick three names he says other than your child's name. So pretty much, Mommy, Daddy, and one family or friend unless you're in a single parent home. You can only have one song, one story, and one game programed at a time. You only get five choices in each catagory too. I thought there might be some children's favorite song choices (Twinkle Twinkle, Itsy Bitsy Spider, etc.) but there's only things directly from Sesame Street. That's ok, just thought there'd be more choices. Also, the schedule is a little limited. You can only schedule one nap and because of our schedule, our son goes to bed at 10. It only goes to 9. I still think it's a very cute toy, but the advertisement is kind of misleading. One last thing is, it's a little hard to find one that doesn't have a cleft lip or stitches popping on it's nose. They seem to have spent more time making the voice box than worrying about Elmo's body. The fur is VERY soft though and he doesn't feel hard like a lot of electric plushes. I see why it was only $40 now, even though that seems a bit much for the options. I guess I was just too excited. My son will still like it I think. I'm sorry if this seemed to negative, I just want people to know what this doll really does and doesn't do.
Mike  thought it should have been bigger. Any smaller or courser and we wouldn't have been able to see it or stand to touch it. When it said plush I thought that it meant soft. This thing is terrible.
A disappointment for our little guy  You could barely hear this toy and it hardly moved.  A refund was issued.  I had bought one in store years ago and it was hysterical.
... it today and I must say I am very disappointed with it  I purchased this item and received it today and I must say I am very disappointed with it. The REAL pokemon plush oddish is bigger and has a different face. Buyer beware
Grandson was disappointed with gift  Delivery for this was about 5 weeks.  Grandson was disappointed with gift.
Don't Buy These  They use the TOMY plush set as their display picture but will send you cheep knockoffs instead.
It doesn't look anything like the picture at all! It's scrawny and its ears are too close together.
Much smaller than thought to be for the price. sitting on my small 15 in. laptop  Much smaller than thought to be for the price. sitting on my small 15 in. laptop son was disappointed because he just came home from the hospital and wanted these items, when they were received he was unhappy because of the size - the sun flower especially we thought was the wrong size.
Poorly Made Item - Says New, but clearly was not.  I was very disappointed when receiving this item. It stated that the plush was new; however, there was no tag. Also, the hot glued sword was falling off - a simple pinch would have caused it to be detached. The shield on the back was also hot glued; however, it was peeling up. The pants were worn and caused white fuzz to be all over the item. The nose and mouth also were connected by a sloppy sewing job. Needless to say, it will be returned.
These are adorable and a great deal when they were around $7  These are adorable and a great deal when they were around $7. Not happy that they jumped in price. If they go back down then I will be buying again.
Not worth the $$ much smaller than expected
Does not talk!
I bought this for my mother, knowing how much she adores Gismo and what a huge Gremlins fan she is, I thought that she would love it. I was very disappointed when I received this cheap looking Doll. I was very hard and not in anyway plush. It looked like it had been smashed together in a box for years. It was so poorly made that it wouldn't even stand up by itself on the table. I myself received a better Gismo as a prize at a local carnival. She was not at all pleased with her gift and we both were so appalled at it's cheap appearance that we were laughing for a solid 5 minutes. I would say, they get an A for delivery time and but a D for appearance.
Item not as pictured!!! Very cheap quality.
toddler ordered on line  ALTHOUGH AN UNEXPECTED ARRIVAL DUE TO TODDLERS COMPUTER SKILLS IT IS NOT A BAD PURCHES.ALLBEIT AN EXPENSIVE MISTAKE.I SENT IT BACK
fake  no it is not the original disney princess, cause it's 24", we have other princesses we have bought in disney store, they're all 20". And the description says 20"... it's not. the arms are painted, don't have the see thru fabric. Somebody is trying to sell cheaply made fake.
9.5 -10 inches, not 13.5 as advertised and labeled  Cute product, but inaccurately described and labeled. 4 inches smaller than advertised.  Disappointing.  This will be returned.
does not sing  When we received this Barney did not sing and it looks very poorly made. My LO was very disappointed
Bootleg
cheap.  Smaller then 15" and the goggles are completely different then the ones in the picture. I would not recommend buying this.
This was micro size
Stitching on foot came apart within 1 day of normal play.
Glad they weren't meant for me.  I got these thinking they would be cute. Not so. One is torn in the arm, the others mouth is missing, and the thirds coveralls are torn in the back. They are for my kids who love them regardless so I cant take them away from them, but wow am I disappointed in these guys. Next trip to a toy store will be more fruitful for these. So disappointed!!!!
Doll received was not the size stated in the listing.  The listing reads that the doll is 20 inches, and the doll I received is 12 inches.  I'll be returning.
Truly disappointed in the quality.
Weird eyes  So my son has this doll at his dad's house and he loves it so I decided to get him one for my house, too. When it arrived, it had angry-looking eyes which was so weird that I had his father check to make sure I wasn't crazy....I think it was just stitched badly but it made such a difference that my son won't even play with the thing...
Cheap and poor construction
Batteries Not Replaceable  Received as gift. Batteries died the first month. Batteries are not replaceable without unsewing the toy as there is no opening anywhere on the toy to take out the battery pack.
Looks adorable but not safe  Though very cute toys, as my nine month old grandbaby was playing with them she was able to bite off the scarf on the horse!! She has two teeth and thankfully I was able to get to it before she swallowed it!!! Looks adorable but not safe!!
This was alot smaller than expected but still adorable.
Didn't even receive the right item.
Cheap toy, not worth the money.  I have a three year old and she is unable to press the button inside to make the toy talk.
Poorly made  My 9 year old got this a week ago. She sleeps with it at night and the foot fell off. Very poorly made.
TOO SMALL!!!!!!  Ok,but could've been bigger...My little boy also couldn't believe how small this Jake toy was compared to the original Jake...  :-/
My daughter ordered it for error and i'm returning it, would buy in the future as  birthday gift
Batteries were DOA.
He sounds so creepy.
Too hard to set up  I chose this rating because this is not an easy toy to set up. The USB cord is so short you have to have the toy very close to your computer. Also the USB plug in on the toy is under a slide protector and it is almost impossible to get it in there and hold the slider open. I had to jam a pen in there and then cram it in. I bought 2 of these for my twins. They like it even though it still says the phrases it came with. I was never able to program it. It is cuddly and the fabric is very soft. They love the music.
poorly made/disappointment  was wanting to get donald but upon further examination in person glad i passed on him. first off he has a stiff neck. that should of been made softer. doesnt make sense for it to be that way. we have a holiday donald and he isn't like that so guess it is a new thing they are doing with donald :/
This should be called VERY Little blue truck.  I was very disappointed in the size of this item for the price paid.
Bad Design  The song stopped playing a few hours after my daughter got it and there is no way to replace the battery inside. We will be returning it.
it smelt horrible. my daughter didn't even want it because the bacon smell was so overbearing
INCOMPLETE  Was missing 1 toy..the main one my baby wanted. Was offered partial refund but doesnt change the disappointed look on my baby girls face!
very disappointed.  not as expected. too small. very disappointed.
Not from Disney World as advertised  This was not made for a Disney world theme park as the description says.  If it was then it would have said Disney Parks.  Instead it has the foot stamp of Disney stores which is not the same thing.  I bought it, paying more money so it would be from Disney world not their mall store. It will be returned.  If you do not care if it is from a Disney store vs park buy it cheaper from another vender.
Horrible horrible.  Horrible horrible... I was supposed to get BONNIE and I did not get Bonnie I got Freddy! I better get my money back or my Bonnie.. my daughter was looking forward to Bonnie she saved her own money to have me get it.. this is horrible! Don't even deserve one star..
One hand does not cover eye. I just thought this was a design flaw. I returned it one time, but the replacement did the same thing. But I saw this in a store and that one did both hands correctly.
Decent for being a fake.  I was watching this item for a while. Since it came out, the price has always hovered around 50$. This month, I noticed it went down to 25-30$, so I decided to jump on it and purchase Yveltal from the seller CaDi buy. My estimated shipping was 13-31 days. About 10 days later, I check my mailbox to find a torn, black bag shoved into it. I pull it out, and see that it's my Yveltal plush ( the bag was so ripped I saw the red beaming out).  I take it out of the black bag, and then take it out of old, cheap looking bag that they wrapped it in. Right away, I notice somethings wrong. First, it said it shipped right from china. Pokemon plushies are made in china, but they always should ship from USA or Japan, depending on where your plush is from. Second, Packaging was HORRIBLE. They not only scrunched it up to where the lines on its body would rip and crack, but it came in a ripped bag( not box, bag), and it arrived in my mailbox. Third, upon taking it out, although well stuffed, soft, and well-made, I find out that it's fake. Yes, fake. It has a tag, it has pokemon center on it. But it's fake. The paper tag is printed, the tag on the plush is mistyped in areas, the fur on its neck is not straight and shaped like this one, but very awkwardly furry..the diamonds on one of it's arms is mis-sewn, coming up crooked. However, these are small details, and those that aren't familiar with pokemon would not think to see if it's fake. It's a nice fake, but it's not the real thing. It's not official Japan Center merchandise, like what they claim it to be. I payed 30 dollars expecting the real thing, but I got a fake.
Elmo never makes it to the potty no matter what we do.
Received this item today.  It's about 3 inches long ... NOT the 5x4 inches advertised and what I paid for.  Really tired of receiving merchandise that is NOT AS ADVERTISED!  Shame on Merchant.
Says ONE phrase!  We received this as a gift for our 2 year old for his birthday. He loves Shrek & thinks his voice is hilarious. So when we got this, we were really excited. It's really soft, which is nice. BUT when you press the spot on his shoulder to make him talk, he says exactly ONE phrase & it's not even in Mike Myers' voice. Shrek says "Better out than in, I always say."  Would have been so much better if they'd put more than one phrase in it.
This item was sewn and made of poor quality. The arm began coming off after only ...  My child has a big collection of Minecraft plush toys including the skeleton and spider which all have long arms.  This item however was sewn and made of poor quality.  The arm began coming off after only a week.  I attempted to sew the part of the arm that was coming apart but, the material wouldn't withstand the thread.  The material this plush toy is made from is just inferior compared to many of the other Minecraft plush toys.
Doesn't look like the pictures.  It says generic so it's actually not official from the poke' center.
Not a genuine JINX plush  Expected a genuine JINX product since this is listed as such. Got a poor quality knock-off. Very disappointed, but have no option to return it since it came from China.
Not so plush  Not so plush with hard, pointy ears and head. But looks as it should. My kids still love it.
False advertisement  I will never order a Ty beanie babie online again. This is the second one I have received that the colors are nothing like the picture. If I wanted light colors I would have ordered light colors!!!
Um.... this was not the birthday one. I got a Boo with a monster outfi. Strange
lame  Can't hear very well
They were imitations and not the real deal. I was disappointed. thinking my son would not catch the default I was wrong!
not huggable  Sorry to say but this elmo is not huggable. He breaks too easy. Went thru three before we called it quits. Granddaughter was very upset when her elmo only repeated two things and his mouth wouldn't move after just one hug( she only 18 months old).......
I got a crappy unoffical version  I got a crappy unoffical  version, of this, I recommend no one else be fooled by the image on here. I am very disappointed with the results.
Disappointed  Extremely disappointed with this product. This was a gift for my husband's 12 month nephew to replace an Elmo plush he had.  I wiped it clean and immediately it began to shed.
DO NOT BUY  DO NOT BUY. Completely not as advertised. The one in the image looks great, the one I received looks like a deflated reject. If you are buying this for a kid, a fan or a cosplay, DO NOT BUY.
Just buy straight from the Disney store - Save yourself the hassle of a return!  Definitely NOT the same doll you would buy in the Disney store. Her face looks weird and her body looks like the head was sewn on backwards. There is NO tag and just not the quality product you would get from buying direct. Maybe it would pass with some other kids but my 4 year old has an eye for detail and wouldn't like it at all...Returning immediately.
Very scary looking
5 inches at the most  5 inches at the most. This is cute and the quality is nice, but this is tiny. I paid a bit more because this was advertised as bigger (7 inches) than the less expensive 5 inch one and I wanted a bigger one...well that was a waste.
good for the price, but very cheap quality.
Poorly made  It looks cheaply made. My daughter likes it though. She has 9 total and I think this doll is the worst one.
Late and low quality.
bad quality, my son wanted them because their friends were playing a Ninja game and who ever wins will get this toy. I guess the purpose was full filled. never again!!
Too Noisy & Too Loud  I bought this Elmo on a whim.  My 2 year old doesn't really watch TV, but when he does he watches either Netflix or PBS.  Lately he's been watching Daniel Tiger, which precedes Sesame Street.  So, inadvertently he gets a dose of Elmo.  He's learned who Elmo is and thus when I grab the diaper with Elmo on it he got into the habit of squealing, ELMO!  Thus, my reason for purchasing this toy.  I thought that he would love this from "Santa."  I could not be MORE wrong!  My son hates this toy with a passion and I can see why.  My issue with Elmo is that he is too loud and jarring! There is no volume control, and you can't take him off to put scotch tape over his voice box.  Which brings out another problem, you can't wash him because you can't his inner workings out.  Another issue that I have with his loudness is that because Elmo has a high pitched voice, he sometimes hard to understand.  My son's issue with Elmo is that he is too loud and jarring. (No, he's not Autistic)  Plus, the fact that Elmo's mouth moves just creeps him out, which is my son's own peculiar quirk, but nonetheless adds to how much we dislike this Elmo.
Cheaply made and not worth the money  This toy is not the 7" the ad claims and is very cheply made. Clearly not worth $20.00 Parts of the fur was coming off as I removed it from the box. The squirrels are less the 5" and poorly sewed in China. I'm returning this item and looking for a better version. Also, it did not cost them $6.00 to ship this.
Too small for the price  Cute but I can't believe how small it is for the price.
This is not Pokemon related at all. This is Axel from Kingdom Hearts.
Why did I buy this?!  Okay so im a die hard bleach fan,and recently I've been collecting all the plushies. I thought this would be a good addition but sadly I was mistaken. First of all,it doesnt even sit . it always falls over,obviously unbalanced. The brown spikes around kon's head were all bent up and won't straighten no matter what I do. & last but not least the head is wayyyy too small for the body.overall an epic fail, just get the Kon thats standing Up N O T crossing his legs is my advice to you.
Disappointing...it's soooo small! Measuring from the rear to the nose, it's only 7.5 inches. Very soft and cute colors, just wish it was larger.
Sadly broke right away my son was heart broken. Have to find another one soon. But not this line due to ripped. 
Poor Quality.  My son really wanted this small stuff toy even though the price was so high.  I am kicking myself for having been talked into buying it for him.  The quality is so low it started falling apart the first day he received it.  My wife had to pull out the needle and thread to piece it back together and we are trying to steer him to other toys so we can stop trying to keep it together.
MetaRetail -Rip off company  There is no Disney foot emblem, like shown in the image. Price tag is $9.99. Prime members beware that the shipping on this tiny guy is not true "prime" my package didn't even have a receipt to return.  Not a fan of MetaRetail and the bag is also marked "sold as set-keep together" it's one Olaf snowman. The only good thing is he will fit in the stocking. Buyers beware !
not worth it  This guy was little and not worth the effort to get him here. You cant even really play with him.
Do you sent wrong color?  Do you sent wrong color? I order purple but i get up pink puffling. But my customer don't complan. Thank you so much
but it was shedding like a real animal  I got this as a gift for a friend, but it was shedding like a real animal. The hair was all over the place.
Poor quality, much smaller than expected and cheaply packaged  Poor quality, much smaller than expected and cheaply packaged. If this wasn't a gift, needed right away, i would def return it. Extremely disappointed
Elmo looks strange.  Elmo does not look like he's supposed to. We opened the box this afternoon and Elmo's eyes are too small for his head. He looks strange AND his eyes are placed too far back on his head. Nose isn't right either. Not impressed with this purchase. I don't recommend buying this.
Beware  Ordered specifically a John Deere COMBINE toy and received a tractor...beware, you won't be getting what you ordered.
Eh.  Not impressed with the quality of these dolls. They're cute but considering the price and how tiny they are don't pay more than $5 for one of these. And beware of sellers not giving what's advertised. I ordered Mickey with both eyes open and I received a Mickey winking. Not happy about that.
I bought this for my granddaughter and after just 3 hrs of playing with it , its head fell off. I had to return it.
Poor Quality and Workmanship  Broken arm on arrival. It is a good concept - needs to be reevaluated to improve the quality and workmanship.
Don't Buy This!  My son loves the book "How Rocket Learned to Read" so much that he asked for a Rocket themed birthday party. When I saw that a plush Rocket dog was being released I knew we just had to get one. Boy was I surprised when this arrived in the mail. Instead of being a soft cuddly toy for my little boy I received a dog with stiff, crusty, PAINTED ON, black spots! Only the very surface of the spots are black, and there are even some marks where the paint was smeared!!! The fur on the tail looks like in was dipped in paint and is as stiff as a board. I've never seen anything like it! Hopefully there are some of these being made that actually have soft black fur spots like a normal stuffed animal rather than globs of black paint as spots, but I couldn't help but share my experience so that others might be aware
Looks nothing like the picture  It looks like someone put it together from home with crappy fabric. It is not an official Nintendo plush.
Not what I ordered!!!  This is the item I ordered and purchased but when received in the mail it was not ghost boo but dry bone. It was a birthday gift for my nephew so I did not have time for a return and exchange. I got lucky because he liked it but disappointed it wasn't what he wanted!!
Soft and cute but small for the price.
poor quality.  as cute as this Groot is, my wife opened it to find the stitching on his face was loose.  she rubbed her finger over him and one of his lines came right undone.  After two days of ownership, another line of stitching unraveled. So disappointing.
Very poor quality and sings with anchinese twang.
cheap  Great design but terrible quality... But you get what you pay for
Wings falling off  One of the wings was falling off straight out of the package.  My daughter went and sewed it back on and then saw that the other wing was coming off.  It's very poor quality and not even soft.  We are returning it.  Very disappointing as my daughter loved it, but we don't want to have to keep sewing it back together.
Didnt last a week  Update: The second puppy arrived and he didn't work at all! My sister thinks its the flimsy button the kids have to press to make it light up thats the problem. Also, his ear fell off. Either way, this toy is junk and this company shouldnt be allowed to make money off of defective products. Its unfortunate that Amazon carries their product. However, Amazon has been excellent about refunding my money (2xs now).  I know the puppy looks cute, but hes worthless. Dont waste your time and money on him. Got this for my 2 year old nephew. He absolutely adores it and carries it around everywhere. 5 days later, it no longer lights up. Contacted Amazon and getting a refund. Unfortunately, its not sold thru them so Im going to have to ask my sister to ship it back (which is a hassle since it was a gift) and then Ill reorder it for my nephew. I don't have much faith. Well see how the second puppy holds up. What a disappointment.
My son LOVES this toy. Unfortunately, the squirrel wings are falling off and the material on the straps on his overalls are coming apart. I don't know how much more I can sew this guy back together.
He has lose threads everywhere, one of his paws is completely derpy. Like, one of his 'fingers is huge and the others basically aren't there. Half of him looks like he's about to pop open. I was so disappointed. Got him as a present for someone and made the mistake of letting them open the package before I looked it over. They said they'd keep it, but they didn't look happy and I'm sure not. Be careful when purchasing. You'll either get a decent one, or a complete lemon.
Poor quality  Ordered two. One was great. Other had a loose head, almost as it is about to fall off.
My 6 year old loved her glow worm she's had since she was a baby, but it finally died and I thought it'd be easy to replace...however, on this one the music is really loud and the songs are worse (and they took the freckles off which she was bummed about).
Really cheap.  It's just not good. The nose looks like it's broken, it's made of cheap crappy fabric, and it doesn't even have the little chest spike. Just but the Sanei one.
Very cheap, disappointed
Don't Recommend!  We were given this toy for our daughter by a grandparent. We loved it for the first 24 hours, but after that it stopped working! We tried replacing the batteries and that didn't help at all. You can press the button and occasionally it will turn on, but normally it won't do anything (like we're talking for every 15 times you try to turn it on it only works once or twice). I don't know if we just got a bad toy out of a batch, but whatever it was I'm not going to be getting another one any time soon.
Small, body thin and flimsy, over-priced due to quality
I haven't got my product yet!  I purchased it on 8/31/13 its already 10/2/13 and i have still uet to receive it! So whats the deal?
I recommend read other review before purchasing  Quite very disappointing. Item does not match the advertisement. I recommend read other review before purchasing.
Does not work.  We paid extra shipping to ensure it would arrive in time for our nephew for a gift exchange. It arrived with no cards or instructions for how to troubleshoot, but the voice does not work. We are pressing where it says to press, and nothing happens. The thing looks great, and it is a big size, but it doesn't do what we bought it to do, so it is nowhere near worth the 80 bucks we spent on it.
Pressed for time so bought it anyway.  I'm sure the person I bought it for will like it, but as the buyer I give it one star because it is not 9 inches as advertised.  It is more like 6 at best!
This elephant is exactly what I wanted and the price was perfect. Went back on to order 6 more and the price doubled! Why?? Won't order until the price goes back down.
Did not work and batteries you can not replace
Pass on this toy-not the original  For anyone who wants the original type of stuffed Gizmo, you don't want this one.  The flesh colored areas are a very hard plastic.  The pointy ears become a weapon at night if your child sleeps with it.  In fact I cannot believe this toy passed any sort of safety standards.  If you are getting it as decoration-its passable.
Terrible quality
PLEASE READ THIS AS A WARNING!!!  This item is not official Pokemon merchandise and is a clear knock-off handmade item. The item i received had a teal belly, no nose, the gills on the sides were MUCH shorter and the wrong color, the eyes weren't proportional and there are just so many things wrong with this item... I'm pretty sure it actually breaks copyright law to sell. I am really upset, and you will be too if you buy this, SO PLEASE DON'T!
Received it and the battery is almost dead..the lamb makes a noise as if it is dying. No way of changing the battery.
Terrible  When switching out crowns does not change over to theme of crown
It was poor quality with a small tear and threads loose  It was poor quality with a small tear and threads loose. furthermore the sticker on its ear is peeling. It's okay but was disappointed. I recommend person seeking to purchase Lucario plush find a different make from another seller
do not waste your money  Very disappointing, Stretchkins should be called Rip-kins, the seam in the armpit was torn even before my grandson tried to stretch it, poorly made, do not waste your money.
I was very disappointed with this product  I was very disappointed with this product, the battery was going dead and Elmo's voice was barely audible, the plastic wrapped around it was dirty and the box was mangled. It was a gift and I did not have time to order something new so I can say it was more than a little upset.
Remote is the worst.  Does not go backwards. The 6 year old I bought it for only played with it for a few minutes because the controls are frustrating.  He's very cute and sings and blinks his eyes, it's just that the remote is so awful.
Disappointed  Not at all what I expected. The outside material is rough and it's not squishy. I was so excited to give this to my niece for Christmas now I don't know if she will even like it. Depending on what she thinks I may be returning this item.
Disappointed  This is a cute little thing for the price but was not what I expected.  I bought it for a grown son who loves cows as just a fun thing.  Before I sent it to him, I tried many times to send it across the room and didn't do well at all and it only mooed once when it hit the floor.  My son wrote that he got it to moo but having trouble with "flying".  As I told him -- it's a cute little cow to have around (like a beany baby) but we were disappointed that it didn't really do what we thought it would!
Cheap Crap, would have liked it to work for at least a week!!!  Bought this for my 1YO and it worked for one day, before something went haywire in the wiring and stopped working.
Disappointed  Not what I expected,  too small plus material on the barney is cheap, I wouldn't recommend it,  is better to buy this kind of stuff by actually seeing them in person.
It did not feel this safe with my kid. All the fur from it was falling off.
Defective!!!!  My daughter loved her Daniel Tiger until it stopped working..she was heartbroken. It's not a battery problem, we replace the batteries with new ones but it still does not sing properly.
Small  Cute but pricy for a lil dinosaur the size of a happy meal toy
You barely can hear what she says
Not what I expected  Not one of the real Not so scary monster. Much smaller than expected. Its cute but made from low quality materials.
Our 16 month old twins love elmo, and love this doll  Our 16 month old twins love elmo, and love this doll.  Thankfully they are young enough that they don't care that it's off a lot.  The amount of talking that the doll does is incredibly repetitive.  It's mostly interaction based, not playing songs.  From an educational perspective, it's useless.  If a kid is old enough to 'squeeze elmos nose 20 times (!!!!)' he's going to be old enough to think this is dumb.  At least with the battery turned off the doll is mostly soft enough for them to play with.  I'd rather see the price be a few dollars more, have a larger memory card, and sing / talk with more variations.  3/8/2016.  Elmo is now in the basement, ready for donation a little after a year of it's purchase.  The kids liked it as a doll, but not the talking  / interactive nature, which I just found annoyingly short and repetitive, and not very, 'fun'.  This toy is a dud.
This was not the size I expected, it would cost to much to return it.
Looks like a knockoff  Bought it based on the picture and the favorable reviews. I have to say, I'm very disappointed. The ears aren't stuffed at all, there's just a plastic thing that comes halfway up so they flop around. The eyes aren't at the same height, nor does the blue part on the top of the head hang over like it does in the picture. I expected a cute Glaceon, instead I got a deformed knockoff looking plush. I am going to see about returning this and getting a refund immediately. I would strongly recommend against buying. The only good part is that it got here in a week.
Waiting on Replacement...  My original purchase was unfinished with stitching left everywhere and stuffing falling out and the whole product was horribly deformed. 2 months later after constant contact still waiting on my "replacement" will fix this review once I recieve my replacement...Be warned
Recieve the 15 inch Beast not the 23 inch Beast in the listing.  15 inch Beasts were a lot cheaper so I got cheated.
was not happy with purchase  Very cheaply made... was not happy with purchase.
Cute, at first.  Frustrating on many levels later.  Please know the batteries can't be changed!  We gave our 3-year old this Gund Elmo after a day where he earned all of his gold stars on his rewards chart (something I would have a hard time doing).  He loves Elmo, and immediately took him, finding the squeezy-spot to make him speak within seconds.  Okay, so our first mistake was giving him Elmo AT bedtime.  The next two hours were "aahhh---chooo!" "Elmo would feel better if you hold Elmo's hand" and the other three phrases.  Five short phrases (including the sneeze!) wear thin quickly.  But the big news is this, and I capitalize this because it is so important:  THERE IS NO WAY TO REPLACE THE BATTERIES WHEN THEY DIE.  Elmo will fall silent permanently once the pre-installed batteries wear out.  When I looked and found no way to replace them, I went back to the Amazon page, and sure enough, even Gund says it; "parents should be aware that the Feel Better Elmo does not have an on/off switch, and there is no way to change the pre-installed battery."  So here is cute Elmo, who my little boy loves from Sesame Street, and one day fairly soon, he will lose his voice.  Not that I love changing batteries on toys, but that is kind of disappointing!  Also important; Elmo can't be machine washed, of course, due to the batteries that soon will be useless anyway.  His robe and the tissue box are secured tightly; you can only "surface wash."  The Chinese construction of Elmo isn't bad, really, but why spend $27 or so for what amounts to a temporary version of a doll?  I like the idea of my little boy hugging Elmo when he's not feeling well and getting ready for some rest, but as a toy, and even as a stuffed animal, this version of Elmo falls short.  I can't really recommend it.
Received to find out it didn't sing.. didn't even have the thing that holds the batteries! False advertising!
Biggest scam ever... The picture isn't what you get... You get 3 small dolls that don't even equal up to half of one of them doos in the picture... I want my money back!!!!! The description was if the dolls in the pic....
Poor quality stitching.
This product is over priced. It is equivalent to what a child gets from the 25cent grab machines.
Not loud at all  Can't hear it at all.
Minecraft Plush set  My son loves minecraft so much! I got these for x mas they are 50 dollars witch was fine until I got them they are so small a lot smaller than I expected. If I didn't really need them for him id send them back, being so close to Christmas I kinda cant at this point. Im really disappointed witch is my own fault. If I had money and didn't have save up for this it would be fine. but that's not the case :( I don't think I would pay 30 for them they are tiny.
very nice quality. However arrived dirty and stained  Received as described, very nice quality. However arrived dirty and stained. Not packaged individually.
I was thinking of a soon to be grandchild, but this is not as cute as the picture. The actual item  looks a bit creepy.
Letters in wrong order  To be honest my daughter loves this book but the letters on the last page are in the wrong order.
Bunny is not as pictured!  The Snuggle Buddy Bunny has become my daugher's lovey, so I ordered another one to have on hand as a back-up. The bunny has changed since then, but the picture does not reflect those changes. The blanket is smaller, the feet are bigger, the colors are slightly different, and the bunny no longer has a bow. Be warned: If you are looking to duplicate the bunny pictured, you are not going to receive the same bunny.
Didn't make sounds  We have the monkey and my four-year-old loves it so we got the cow for my two-year-old and it took a long time to get here and then the noisemaker was broken.
Product came defective.  It did not make any sound.  This should have been noticed before it was shipped.  Lost a sale because of it.
Not as advertised  Item is not new. It is used with obvious wear and tear, including restitching. Do not be deceived.
Just wouldn't work! Elmo does not know your name...  We hooked this thing up to 2 computers and Elmo never would do anything except say Happy Birthday Eck! My husband fixes computers for a living, so this was not user error. We returned it and got a replacement and had the same problem! Beware. The software is faulty.
Dirty  I just received the package and it's so dirty it looks like it's been dragged in the dirt. It's really cute but useless, it was a Christmas present but I obviously can't give it like that.
My gummie won't stand up in dance he just falls down
The elves are not very durable and are only held together with glue. They started falling apart about a week after we put them on a shelf.
Latios the bootleg plush  Well.. It's a lot darker than I expected . It's smaller than the official Latias poke doll. It has the "made in china" tag on the back... and it has the WRONG tag. Legit Latios poke dolls are supposed to have the new tag, the one that has a picture of the actual pokemon, instead of the POKEMON CENTER tag with the pikachu. I mean.. I guess it's a good bootleg for any fans of the pokemon. But for a hard core plushie collector, this is not a plush for them. I'm disappointed.
Cute, but poor quality  My son LOVES this plush Pokemon, but we have had to sew it three times, the seems keep opening! Very poor quality.
Overpriced  I would like to return this item. Not as nice as ones in store and very over priced
Huge disappointment..  Huge disappointment ... broke down after one day of using ... and it was a Christmas gift for our daughter .
USED ITEM!  The ONLY reason why I'm not returning this item is because my son likes Blues Clues so much.  Otherwise, you should know that Blue looked faded and the "Notebook" had clearly been used, judging by the coloring on the pages within the notebook.
Disappointed  Could not believe what I was charged for this dinky stuffed animal. My fault I should have read the discription. Not worth the shipping it would cost or I would send it back.
Does not rattle. Has the foil type ears that make noise, but no rattle.
Doesn't talk.  It doesn't talk. There's no box inside it to press to make it talk. My special needs son is devasted. He's been waiting for over a month for the thing, watching the mailbox like a hawk, and it doesn't work. And I don't feel like sending it back to Singapore.
The elephant was a bit firm which is fine as I'm sure with time it will soften up  I bought this item as a lovey for my 1 year old daughter...my son has a teddy bear (different brand) that he got around the same age and loves it.  I was hoping this would stand the test of time.  The elephant was a bit firm which is fine as I'm sure with time it will soften up.  My problem with this stuffed animal is that the arm is connected by two semi thick strings that went though the body of the elephant to connect to the other arm, therefore if one of the stings breaks both arms are gone.  This is very cute and seems durable in every other way...maybe a good purchase for someone that does not plan to handle it as roughly as my toddler would.
Unsatisfied  The doll is tiny. It said it would be 12in it's hardly 8in. $16.00 is to expensive for this thing. The tag said DJ Suki???? Crap!
Not as advertised!  Does not make sound as advertised. Would have purchased the smaller cheaper version if I had known this.
Not 11inches!!!!!!  Not at all what the picture shows!!!! Very disappointed. Will be returning it!!!
Cute but my daughter didn't like it. Its just a soft toy.
KNOCK OFF
Great... when it works  This toy is awesome when it works. Totally hilarious for children AND adults! But it doesn't always work. In fact, mine never works properly. He says "I got to sit down" but always fails to sit down. My sister's never works right either. It's too bad, because when it works, it's hilarious!
Disappointed  So disappointed. I ordered this Olaf at Christmas and decided to wait for my daughters birthday in February to give it to her. It hasn't worked from the beginning. Right out of the package it just didn't not connect well with the remote and now a few weeks later it will not connect at all. I have even changed batteries in both the doll and the remote to no avail. I have a very sad 3 year old. Would not recommend this toy.
This is a FAKE one! The fur of the doll are very hard,I bought both mickey and minnie I can tell they are fake when I received them, they looked different from the dolls in the Disney stores but they are about the same prices. I just bought them from the Disney store. Don't buy these, if you already bought them please go to the nearest Disney store then you will find out what am I talk about.
Smaller than expected, deformed from being squashed probably with other in a box  I was disappointed to give it as a Christmas gift.  Not fluffy and cute like the picture.  Looked old.  I am sure it was just sitting in a box over time shoved together with a bunch of other toys.
Sisters collections  Sister really enjoyed this for her collections New e-mail is sherrycarlson53@icloud.com
Avoid this, poor quality.  The electronics broke after a week of use, and you are stuck with a stuffed animal.
Falling apart and defective.  Cute, but poorly made. Leafeon's face was actually upside down, glaceon's stitching was loose and is falling apart. Other have stuffing coming out of seams due to poor quality. Over priced and not official pokemon. Save your money.
looks like dirt.  I just received the item, the toy has some kind of black spots on it, looks like dirt.. I will be keeping it just because my son really wants it. For this type of money I expect the toy to be in perfect condition.  It is sold by Toys N Moore.
Batteries died in 2 weeks  We used it twice a day for 2 weeks before the batteries died. Unfortunately the screw holding the battery door is stripped so we can't easily replace :(
Cute, but definitely smaller than expected.
Very disappointed.  The minions were a fraction of the size of the ones in the picture. There are 4-6 inches tall and have suction cups to hang.
The thread on the head is spart  Received the item with the thread undone at the top of the head.
Misleading, this elmo is not a Gund product. It was a regular poorly made stuffed animal.
All liked it
False Advertising  This plush is a Pokemon Center Japan production reject or a bootleg. It is durable and well-constructed, but the "hair" in the back is sewn in the wrong location. It may not matter to some, but Pokedoll collectors beware.
Assembled poorly.  Workmanship was extremely poor. I had to spend several hours sewing the seams. One arm was barely attached.
Game site redirected me here three times in a row so far.
I don't think the material or quality are safe for young kids.  You get what you pay for. This item arrived and has weird white threads knotted under the chin. There are two of them that lead me to believe it was a poor craftsman's work in trying to cover a hole. Even if that wasn't the case, I'd want to return it since the the spikes on this stuffed animal are far from soft and the spikes on the tail are made of a cheap fabric that looks like it could easily tear. When giving a gift to a 2 year old, I think you need to feel confident that parts of fabric won't come off into their mouth. I suspect this thing will fall apart after a few weeks of rough play. When I tried to return the item, I got message that the item is not eligible for returns. I went back to the website page and could not find that noted anywhere. I contacted Amazon and they assured me they would fix the noting and processed the return - even though they don't want the item back because it is junk. I am still on the search for solid, soft stego for my kiddo this Valentines Day.
When selling un US, use both english and metric size units  I am not all that familiar with the metric system, but using the spiked topknot as part of the size is deceptive.  The original La La was around 10 to 12 inches tall, but that did not include the thin topknot.  This was meant for an adult child and the size is just too small.  Many sellers will provide an image next to a ruler, and that is a very good practice.
Product is nothing like the picture at all
Got Anna, not Elsa  I ordered Elsa but received the Anna doll.  Now when I try to exchange it I cannot because they doubled the price of the Elsa doll and won't allow an exchange.  Not cool when I have a 4 year old waiting on this doll.
Gave me cancer.
Product not as it seems.  Buyer beware make sure it is a sanshee. It comes from China also so be prepared to wait weeks .
Hand sized doll, I was very disappointed. Description stated Large doll for big hugs and it was small. Maybe for pinching.. Very disappointed.
... than the image depicted and it did not look like the image  It was way smaller than the image depicted and it did not look like the image
At best it was only 4 inches  Item was not described properly. This item was not an 8 inch plush doll. At best it was only 4 inches. Cost was outrageous (16.00) for such a small item.
I did receive an authentic ugly doll but it was not the one pictured. It was the actual smaller, 11 inch, origins Ox instead of the regular sized one shown here. Still adorable and after further research I found it is actually more expensive to order the one I recieved via the uglydoll website or eBay so despite not being at all what I expected I will be keeping it rather than go through the hassle of returning and ordering another one. **UPDATE** I found a cuter version of this one so I returned and ordered it instead. Let's hope it's not another scam...
came with a smell!
Lot smaller than picture. Paid more than I feel is worth.
Not very good quality  The Judy bunny the seems came apart in the first week of having these. Not as good of quality as I would have hoped.
A LITTLE OVER PRICED
I just bought this Furby boom and I do have to say it is pretty cool. It took about 6-7 day's to get here and I was super excited to get it. So when it finally got here and I bought 4 +AA batteries for it ,it didn't turn on. I'm going to get my money back and there going to give it back. If you saw how cute that furby is that I posted then you know how hard it is going to be when your gonna let it go sense it won't turn on.
Got something different from the picture
Poorly made....  Although very cute and niece loved it, the stitch on the back opened up within a few days.
Did not receive what the picture shows.  The feet were smaller and eyebrows inverted opposite direction on the plushie we received, upset.
Not good product  No
looks cool but shouldn't be bought for little children!!!!  Don't get me wrong the plushies look great but what i don't agree on is children being allowed such toys. Toys that have a macabre story to them. I can't believe that parents are so irresponsible as to let their children own 1 of these toys or play the game these toys are based off of. I mean the games story has children stuffed in these animatronics, a story full of gore. And yet people all over the world are surprized to see children doing such horrible things to other people ? Where do you think children learn that ?  I never knew Scott cawthon would go this far as to let a company create plushies and sell them for a ton load of $. Scott disappointed me the games were fine and announcing a movie the summer of 2016 was fine too but to create toy plushies ? I HOPE YOU DON'T BUY THESE FOR MY NEPHEW NAMED DEVIN. YOU KNOW WHO YOU PEOPLE ARE THAT I'M TALKING ABOUT DON'T PLAY DUMB Sofia, and your family too that goes for them as well!!!!!!! Little children shouldn't be seeing these types of things and or playing these types of games or viewing videos about or involving these characters. Most children imitate what they see and who are the people to blame for that ? The parents and family members that are old enough to know what's right and what's wrong for little kids to be watching and or doing! They are the ones that are irresponsible. I love the game and I've played the demos but these things and games and merchandise should be allowed only for people ages 14 and up NOT FOR LITTLE CHILDREN!!!!!!!
Not as advertised  This shows the 1st edition of the doll and even says that it comes with the plush Meeko, but I received the 2nd edition that does NOT come with the doll.  I quickly requested a refund as the 2nd edition is only worth about half the price and is not what I paid for.  5 stars to amazon customer service for helping me out.
Subpar quality  I was a little disappointed with the quality and the fact that they came from Spain with the name DinoTren on the tag that you cut off.  A little subpar and reminded me of carnival stuffed toys that one would spend all their money on just to win a prize.  I would have liked them better if the quality was there.  I also purchased Tiny and had the same reaction to what I received.  I think I will try harder to find these in a store or from a company within the United States.
Don't buy this item
Most of the characters doesnt works!!  Ignoring all the negative reviews I went forward and buy it for my daughter. It came on time but 3 of them doesnt works and Im returning it. Just waste of time!!
Cheap looking  It looks more  like the retarded gremlin
don't waste your money  FAKE! don't waste your money. Very small!
Much smaller than product description  The product was much smaller than described.  From its bottom to top of head it is less than 5 1/2 inches.  From its bottom to the tops of its ears, it is less than 7".  And it is only about 3 1/2" wide.  It also is not "plush". It was much more comparable to what you would get out of "claw" vending machine than a 9" plush stuffed animal.  I returned this item as it definitely isn't worth the money.  I've read other reviews that say the size is as described, but these appear to be older reviews and they changed something in the manufacturing process?
The item arrived in excellent condition and is very colorful and cute  The item arrived in excellent condition and is very colorful and cute.  Unfortunately, the mouth doesn't move in sync with the music.  The arms don't open to show the Christmas banner.  A second set of new batteries was tried, but no positive effects.  2 stars for Christmas cuteness.
Wrong Product  The product looks amazing. Only disappointed in the fact that it is the mini version of it. Not what was shown to me in product photos. Wrong Product Advertisment. Not what I ordered for $40.
Super creepy and ended up in the trash  It won't stop "mooing"...even when no one touches it! Super creepy and ended up in the trash.
DO NOT BUY!!!!  DO NOT BUY!!!! Not a set!!! One cheap doll!!!! Not worth the money and the seller is rude and unresponsive.
Could've Been Better.  The Two Pictures are different,and the pictures don't even match up with the one i got. This Is Supposed to look like the games,but it does not. Also,one eye is about 1/3 the size of the eyepatch. One more thing,the eyebrows are vey close together,and not out more,like they are supposed to be. I really don't have a big of a problem with it,I just wish it had a bigger eye,and it would be okay.
I recieved this doll ahead of time. Which was awesome. But did not have a tag stating it was original, face is sloppy and uneven. One ear is higher than the other, and the seams are coming apart. It also cannot sit up for it leans. I now regret my purchase. Overally it was a decent plush and came in a timely manner, but the picture is misleading and i also did not get my free badge.
Looks nothing like the pic!  I ordered this Charmander doll and it looks NOTHING like the picture. Here's what it actually looks like. Now you tell me if it looks anything like the one in the pics. Total rip off, China made knock off!! Took over 3 weeks to get here. It can't even stand up because its tail goes lower than it's legs!
Defective  Barely makes any sound.
Very disappointed in the size for the money.
Doesn't Work for Long!!  Within a week the talking voice part of this has stopped working.
picture is misleading  this is my second review I wrote for this item.  company didn't like my first one and took it down.  I stated that the picture was misleading, and it is.  the written description tells how big these actually are but according to the picture they look muchbigger.  they are cute but they now lost a star from me because the company didn't like my post and took it down.
Tiny  Really really small. Please look at the size in the description because I didn't and thought I was getting a bigger one. Now I'm really sad.
Cheap quality.  Lacks a lot of detail and his face is just a mess. Glue on every plastic piece.
Poor Elmo has sensitive eyes...  The big problem with this toy is that the eyes on it are extremely fragile. Our son has dropped it on the ceramic kitchen floor a few times, and already twice I've had to repair the eyes as pieces break off.
Misleading  Thought I would receive 3 of these but I only got one.
Does not sound like barney! Does not work all the time!
It is nice but not the size we thought it was going to be. Smaller but still Barney so we'll make due for the great price.
Broken arm
Pretty Cheap  The arm came off within two days.  It is not very soft.  My 2 year old daughter likes it, because she likes "special green robot" but I wouldn't buy this one again.  She doesn't even really play with it, just sleeps with it and the arm just came off.
Are they trying to make my kid cry?  This is first review I've ever written here. I'm writing to hopefully spare another heart broken child. The short story is the TOY DOES NOT WORK AND FISHER PRICE DOES NOT HAVE THE SOFTWARE TO MAKE IT WORK. Read on....  My 2 year old has just begun to idolize Elmo and we were soooo excited when we found this toy for him.  Before I got it, I came home and read some not great reviews.  When I found out they had a newer version, I was hopeful. I bought they Say Your Name Elmo, (version 2.0, production date 2007, packaged in a blue box).  I followed the directions exactly. I started by downloading the software into my computer. Once downloaded, you enter your kids info into the program and upload it to Elmo. Pretty cool idea, right? Elmo would have known not only his name, but his favorite foods, animals, colors, songs, games, etch  It would have made my kid sooooo happy IF the software worked. I couldn't even get the software to download to my computer. I know my way around computers and was able to eventually find a way to install it. But the program was glitchy and  buggy. I wasn't able to enter several of his favorite.  Disappointed but still happy to have Elmo say my child's name and ask him if he wants strawberries (favorite food), I continued on with the process. I finally got to point where the settings are supposed to upload to the doll via USB cable. It didn't work. I tried everything.  The directions say that if there are issues to please not return the item to the store, call FP Customer Service and they will help you fix the problem. Reluctant to waste any more time, I did. The rep, ar first, tried to convince me that the disc was dirty and if I clean it, all would be fine. Once he figured out that I was not a dumba**,  he  suddenly seemed curiously familiar with the problem I described. My take is that he has this many times before...he knew the exact error code and even finished my sentences a couple times as I was describing.  So ok, the solution: FP can send a new software disc. He said it would take 7 to 10 days. I was already annoyed and this didn't help. I had thought they might have software available for downloading somewhere online. NOPE.  So I give them ALL of my information and come to find out THEY DON'T HAVE ANY SOFTWARE AVAILABLE TO SEND OUT. It is back-ordered. He didn't have a date when it would be in. I asked a month, 2 months, 3 months...he said likely by January.  I said this is unacceptable.  He said there was no other choice. I informed him that I could exchange it. He said that the problem mightbe software and not the particular disc. So I said that I would simply return the toy to the store. The guy actually had the nerve to say that he "would advice against it"  When I explained that I could not keep a broken Elmo around the house as it made my child very distraught, he said  that  if I returned it I would risk "having the store put it back on the shelves and reselling it" The implication was that it would be MY FAULT if some other kid got the stupid thing. I said that I understood it would cut into profit margins if I returned it and tried to end the conversation, HOWEVER before the customer service rep said that he was STILL going to put a message under my name/contact info that he "had told me to not return the toy"  It seems to me that FP knows there are glitches but haven't figured out what to do. I assume they are trying to fix it. They are still selling the stupid toy in the meanwhile. To me, $4O is lot of $$ to spend on something that doesn't work at all. If the toy was $5 or$10, I might feel differently.  I guess they think parents will just give up and put the toy in the closet??  Why on earth would you continue to sell something that you know doesn't work??  To me, this means that they OBVIOUSLY are NOT concerned that a NEW toy that DOES NOT work equals  heartache for kids and frustration for parents.  This toy that was supposed to make my kid happy caused him to be sad and cry.  Perhaps, they could at least try to pretend like they care about their customers.
Did not look as real as the add
Not as big or soft as i thought it would be. Also cannot return it. :(
It is very nice. my daughter is 2 years old and likes  It is very nice . my daughter is 2 years old and likes. but it turned smallest expected .
Craftsmanship poor.  The Chinese evidently make each figure upon receiving the order; it took nearly three months for delivery.
I received the mitts instead of the animals. They are stocking stuffers so will make do.
I definitely paid too much for such a small one.
exactly as cheap as it looks,  exactly as cheap as it looks, if you're going to buy it wait for a sale it's not worth $20 + shipping
False advertising  Picture and description do not match the item received. Definitely not 10", maybe 8" at best stretch. Also the face and body are very narrow and is not the same one as pictured...looks like a demented Pikachu. Very disappointed with the false advertising of this item.
Never worked from the start...
Deceiving.  Cute but I only received 1 animal. The picture is deceiving.
The sound didn't work on two of them.  The third died in two days.
Colors aren't as shown.  Weirdly colored. The tail is a nice rich orange and brown, like a red panda would be. But the body is oddly colored - almost as if they ran out of fabric and decided to use whatever was available. Kind of disappointing. Because of the off color, if you don't see the tail, it really just looks like a dog. It's soft material but I'm disappointed.
Small  Super tiny.  Made in China for .25 but we get to pay $10 yay
So quiet you couldn't hear it talk!  You arrived in good condition except for the fact that when I went to push its belly to make noise it didnt, the batteries were dead.  $6 more dollars later for new batteries and my son, whom the toy was bought for, got his talking Chewbacca.
Makes no sound  Orderd this for my child who loves cats Great stuffed animal  but the one I received  has no box inside and doesn't not make a sound
In general  The size of the child up more comfortable, but the face is too hard, it is easy to hit the head child. Baby face lights too bright, adults see the eyes are sad, music time is very long, soft. But my children do not want to hear
Poor response to the remote  The product is very unresponsive to the remote. I purchased it for my niece and nephew for Christmas, but they couldn't play with it for more than a couple of days as it responded to the remote less than half the time even with new batteries.
Disappointed.  Not the best really, I wanted or assumed better quality but the stitching is coming off and it's just not put together all too well. I could have gotten it better somewhere else...to say the least, disappointed.
Terrible.  The "sound" it made is too loud and the head was crooked and loose
Wrong Item Delivered  The image does not depict the actual item that I received. My son had 3, and I wanted a couple more so he could loose a couple and still have it. The received item was very religious in nature, so it was useless to me, or the gift basket.
Like the Cyborg "plushie", it is not made of soft, fuzzy, plushie material.
He giggled but he did not vibrate
Legitimate or knock-off?  Is this a legitimate doll from the movie? The name of the elf who wants to be a dentist is named "Hermey," not "Herbie" in the movie, which leads me to believe this is not authentic.
looks nothing like the picture. the whole face isn't aligned. it looks derp af.
The quality is pretty bad! so bad  The quality is pretty bad! so bad! After receiving this item, I immediate found there was a rip one Picachu's ear, and it was pretty big! I don't suggest to buy this item
Disappointed  My Dory came today and it is not only pretty scuffed up and part of the face is starting to peel above the eyes, but not shown in the picture on here, nor on the Disney site, there is a chain sewn in to the top of the head. Not sure if this is really authentic and I'm disappointed. Not worth paying to ship back to a different country and I will probably gift it to a child who won't notice or care about the flaws, I'm just extremely disappointed.
Ridiculous Pricing  The price doubled. I had purchased a few and when I went to reorder one the price had gone way up. Ridiculous!
I order it in Nov 19 and it arrived in Jan 6 and it dosent even look like the actual thing like the  it took 3 months to get here do not order this item. I order it in Nov 19 and it arrived in Jan 6 and it dosent even look like the actual thing like the picture
Counterfeit piece - do not buy!  This was not a JINX product. The pieces on wings were glued on and when it arrived were falling off. Very unsafe for children to play with and I wouldn't recommend this to anybody. The company said I could return this product at my cost.  Wasn't what I expected at all, very cheap, poorly made counterfeit. Poor customer service.
Awefull
VERY DISAPPOINTED  I received my '16 inch Plush Tigger' in an 11 x 13 mailer envelope, Yes,you read that right! No Amazon box! He was in a plastic bag rolled into a ball and squashed into the envelope. In taking him out I tried to straighten and fluff him up to no avail .He certainly was not plush and did not look like the picture. Instead of the wide nose in the picture his was sown up the middle and pointy. The bottom part of his mouth was much shorter than the top and his ears were sown on in a way that made them lay down instead of how they should be. His faded black stripes looked like they were spray painted on - no black fur, and I pulled a long black hair sticking out of his seam -no quality control here .He had a sewn label on his foot that said "Disney Store Exclusive' but this was in no way "Disney Quality". I was expecting something plush, cute and cuddly as some of the reviews noted but this Tigger was a "sorry looking thing" This was suppose to be a gift but I cannot give it as one .I am Very Disappointed  that the product did not match the picture as usual and more so disappointed in Amazon  for not being more careful with their descriptions, pictures and of what the product actually looks like and where they are actually getting their products from. This was mailed from a town in China.
It's not  It's not antiallergic
Not a real official toy.  Fake item not official despite advertised stay away.
These are labeled Oriental Trading. The Velcro hands are loosely sewn, and barely holds together. It won't hold.
The picture shows much larger minions.  Disappointed that dolls shown are much much larger than 20 cm. Quality and reproduction poor. Would return but can't. 
Not as pictured  The toy I received was not as pictured. What I received was shorter and had whiskers.  It wasn't what my child wanted.
Smaller than I expected.
Our green creeper busted at the seem at his legs and we have had it less than a week.
more entertaining for adults  I thought it was cute but until now my one year old was never interested in it. The baa baa sounds are great but she threw it away out of boredom.
Can not believe i paid so much for something so tiny, such a rip off
cheap  the quality isn't nearly as good as what is shown. you can see the fabric and glue around the mouth and eyes and it lifts up.
Poor quality. Does not stretch, just rips.
Poorly Made!!!!  Bought two of these for my kids and they are so very poorly made. I have never seen a stuffed animal sewn so poorly until buying this. Too pricy for such a cheap, poorly made plush doll with ruff edges and glue showing. Not a happy customer and will be contacting the seller and amazon.
Not the size advertised!  The "adult" in the advertising material is either a progerian kid or an adult little person as I, and my strapping 5'8" frame, could not comfortably or effectively maneuver this toy. Very disappointing!
Too tiny  Barney was very very tiny...
These would not sell for more than $7 a piece at any retail store. Way too small to justify the cost.  Just like every other real review (nice try, grandma), I am angry at myself for not reading the warnings from other buyers. Although the shipping was fast, people are being taken advantage of on the price.
Not happy with it at all  Very cheaply made.  The inside parts are too big for it and it doesn't stay closed. Very loud also. Not happy with it at all. Would not recommend
False advertising  Will not order again! Product stated it was 24 inches tall and it is maybe 12. I paid 25 dollars for this!
Product sent damaged  But this product for a one year old's birthday party I am attending tomorrow. It arrived with both eyes scratched and chipped. It looks like it was dropped prior to being shipped to me.
Smelly!  This toy smells awful! I don't know what kind of chemicals it was doused in but I had to scrub it twice and it still smelled. Otherwise it's a lovely toy so it's a shame it smelt so terrible.
Nice but does not have an authentic patch  He looks just like the picture. Very soft and squishy my boys will love him. Only 2 stars because it says he is supposed to have the authentic genuine patch on him and neither of them do.
Mine looks like a knock off!!  Mine doesn't look like the pic bery much, looks of low quality and yeah yhe whisker just came out from under the chin, I just got this today!! Not happy at all at the quality this was made!!! Looks like a knock off of the real thing!
VERY SMALL!  I guess I should of read the reviews first because I agree....ridiculously small!! Barely bigger than my hand.
Small 4 the Money!  This was a very big let down. I only payed $8.00 but honestly I expected more. This toy fish was tiny. My son Still loves to chew and slob in his fish. But I dislike that it's so small.
Flying Cow  This toy looks very cheap & not very durable.  Bought it for more of a gag gift. With shipping added, I would not waste the money on it.
Falsely advertized Charmander  Did not receive the same plush toy as shown in picture. It is similar but not the same.
Low quality knock-off product  This is some kind of fake knock-off. The Poppy doll I received is not the product that is pictured on the Amazon page. It is not 12" tall, and the hair is sparse and strange looking. There are no bangs and there is so little hair that it won't even come to a point at the top (see picture). The stitching is different than the picture and the shape of the hands isn't even the same. the headband and dress appear to be glued together rather than stitched. The tag on the doll I received says DJ SUKI even though it is a Poppy doll (the tag in the picture says "POPPY* POPPIE". On top of that, it shipped from China and took almost a month to arrive.
Unhappy  Poor quality
Very disappointed.  I just purchased these and received them today, they are fakes. The real one's do not have smiles on their faces. Very disappointed.
Loved it online but received our with burned hair on the top. It looked used.
Birthday gift  I bought this Yoshi Doll for a 3 yr. old's birthday. I only rated it as a 1 because I really didn't look at it as I regifted to another little boy. I don't think a stuff toy can be all that educational but as long as the child likes and plays with it, it's worth the money. My 8 yr. old wanted it when he saw it so I will probably buy him one when his birthday comes around since he loves Yoshi.
Maybe older kids who love the movie will love this  Maybe older kids who love the movie will love this, but my daughter who is 14 months just wasn't into it. This will probably make the cut for the next garage sale.
Not like the picutre.  Did not look anything like what was pictured. Daughter was upset with it not looking even a little like the picture. Really not worth sending it back. Photo added. Mouth, eyes, legs and arms are not as in the picture.  Also his fabric is not as "fluffy" as in the picture.  Very poor rip-off,
It's not like in the picture.  The product has some tear. I gave it as a present for my niece as a gift, and she told me that it has a tear. It made me look bad. I feel disappointed though.
great elephant, HORRIBLE price.  I LOVE these elephants but I REFUSE to pay this new price for them. At the $7 price I bought them regularly and now I will not purchase ever again at this price and I have been searching for alternate options for my business use.
VERY DISAPPOINTED  This is the second one I ordered  and this one also is defective. All of the snowmen do not move. The first one the second snowmen did not move. Second one the first snowmen does not move. I wanted these for my Grandbabies to play for Christmas as I have many of the Hallmark singing snowmen and wanted to finish my collection to hand down to them. VERY DISAPPOINTED
Not 5 inches!
smaller than described  Good quality but is not even close to 13". Muno is the biggest at about 11" or 12".  brobee is maybe 9". I didn't measure foofa...if I knew they were this small I wouldn't have bought it.  I understand they should be proportioned but the description should state true size.  This is a Xmas gift and it's December 21 so I'm stuck.
Doubled the price overnight!  They were good until they doubled the price overnight.
Arrived in poor condition, look elsewehere  I was hoping the negative reviews for this product were the exception and not the standard (sigh) but they are the standard.  Product arrived on time but with a big tear in the back.  As I'm only using this as a Halloween costume prop it isn't that big a deal but if you're looking for a quality product as a gift for a pokemon fan then you should DEFINITELY LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE.
not happy
Purchased two-both didn't work  I was excited when my two year got this toy-she loves Elmo. Sadly, the first one didn't work. Fisher Price sent us a new one (after the first one was returned) but the second one had the same problem. The Elmo doll didn't download all the information or would stop in the middle of a sentence. Fisher Price is now sending us a coupon to buy another Fisher Price toy. The person at FP said a patch of dolls went out that don't work. If you get one that works I am sure it is a great toy.
Not worth $15  Have not put batteries in and tested yet but feels very cheap! Dont think its worth $15 for sure. I will be returning
Cheap quality.
He has no hair!
Disappointed. Had to throw away  Broke within 5 minutes. Disappointed.  Had to throw away.
Not what I paid for  I paid for a 9 inch plush as described in the product description and what I received is 6 inches. The plush itself is cute and it does make the trademark breathing noise when pressed, so if you don't mind it being the wrong size, go for it. I bought this to replace a 9 inch plush of spiderman for my son and I know he would have been disappointed to get something smaller.
Over priced and very small  Way too small. Over priced fir how little it really is.  Wouldn't buy again.
VERY POOR STITCHING  I read a review or two talking about the poor stitching and thought "must be a fluke" NOPE. This toy looked like a dog attacked it! My wife spent 3 hours sewing it back together. The reason for 2 stars instead of 1 is because after she stitched it (an improved it a bit), It's a really good looking doll and my son loves it. Plus the internal structure is way better than the plain wire I was expecting. The reason why I didn't return it is because I was past the return period as this was a birthday present.
This was not 9".  I bought another one through another seller and it was much bigger.
No gift bag :(  I ordered it as a gift, and it did not come with the pictured gift back. I may end up sending it back. Bummer, because the doll is cute.
Bad quality  The stitching on the back already came apart. My daughter is 10 and only put the plush up for display when she noticed it was torn.
not in box doesnt jiggle
Too small  Smaller than I expected. Wish you had 14 to 16 inch doll. My girls love Super Mario went the  Ninetendo Store in NYC wish I could order larger size online
It ripped easily from the edges. Bad quality of product.
Very cheaply made.  Gave this doll to my daughter for x-mas and it didn't last at all.  Very cheaply made. Not worth it.
Hope you get one that works  Had read other reviews about Cookie Monster not rolling over properly, but I ignored them and purchased the toy anyway.  Cookie Monster would not sit down to roll over, but would remain standing and bang his head on the floor a dozen times.  When he managed to sit down, he would not rollover as described, and then was unable to stand back up.  On a positive note the return process with Amazon was extremely easy and efficient.
Did Not Work  I bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She opened it up and was not very happy when it didn't Cookie Monster did not sing.  We changed the batteries, but that was not the problem. Luckily she had other gifts to open to take her mind of of the non-singing Cookie Monster.
He was ripped when I purchased him and did not have time to go through the return process.
Product listed was incorrect. Received knock-off. See other reviews for further details.
Satisfied  Eyes aren't as pictured and not as big as expected. Bought it for a child so I guess the sizes isn't bad but for the price I expected something a little bigger than this
Bad
To small for what i was expected
not like the description at all  a total rip off!! do not buy this!!! not like the description at all!
Crap.  O.K. they did say shipping would be slow but, over a month? Not to mention the arms are sewed on backwards.
Nice for appearance. Weak for durability.  Good. Only used it for about 2 days before the little string holding the pokeball broke. Very weak. Easy to break.
Five Ricos  I bought it from Japan,it cones abot two weeks.  But I opened the package, there are five Ricos... :-(
Different product than shown  I got a plushie that was not with the current generation and its proportions are very different from the picture. It's very misleading. I was so excited to replace one that was damaged by my dog too.
way over priced, and shipping is 4 weeks out
The product was described as 9" tall. Actual size was less than 6".
It's okay, but I wouldn't buy it again.  It's cute but isn't what I was expecting, it doesn't really look like the picture and the tag was all bent up when I got it. India disappointed.
doesnt work at all. doesnt light up, doesnt sing.
Horrible nothing like the description only 12" tall when should be 16" tongue pink color not sewn in,  head is round mess looks nothing the same total knockoff DO NOT Purchase
What the?  What is this thing!!! That is a million dollar question. Answer it world!! It looks like a mutant Koala trying to take over the world and become a terror doll in your home. WORSE THAN COCKROACH INFESTATIONS!!!! Better throw it out now. Or you will be sorry.
Cool to have, but asking too much for cheap little plushy.  Too small and cheaply built for asking price. I'm fan of Totoro so it's fun to have - but could have been much better or sold for much less $$. Think claw machine quality.
It appeared to be a knockoff of the real product. Not well made.
Too small  Item looked like a plush toy that you would find in a claw machine.  For 15 bucks I expected more.
Not meant for avatar (pabu) fans.  I don't hate the product but I don't like it. I did return the gift because I thought it would like like the picture. The plush is a lot more on the brown end then what the picture looks like (which is red). So for any avatar fans who are hoping this would look like pabu it doesnt.
Small, Cheap and Damaged  This is much smaller than you would think--a bit bigger than the size of a hand. It is cheaply made and arrived damaged. The wings are merely cardboard with cloth over it, and the plane was shrink-wrapped in the package so the wings were bent and can't be undone. Disappointing. Plus a pain to return because they won't replace it.
Not a good toy.  Too hard for dogs to get to noise maker inside. Not happy with these at all.
Bad condition  I was not told that it had two yellow stains on it and it has a funky/BAD smell to it.
This arrived with dirt all over it.  I ended up returning it.  It was also in a plastic bad, so I'm sure it wasn't protected from any of the elements.
Looks okay, packaging is very disappointing  The Barney looks and sounds as expected but Im giving two stars because I bought this as a gift and the doll came in a plastic bag. Very disappointed if I have to give a gift that didn't come in a box.
Needs a sturdier neck  The dolls are really cute but so far Anna was decapitated twice. My daughter wasn't rough on it just normal play took it right off. Needs to have a sturdier neck!!!
Kinda cheap  The idea is great but the product itself is kinda cheap. When I received my first order there was a giant crack down the center so water immediately leaked inside and fried the board. The second one worked great for a second and now no longer works. Not really worth the money.
Isnt working
wow  Talking if you just want to here him collecting toys. Not what I expected at all. Would not recommend to anyone
so not as pictured!!!  I can not believe they have this photo for the product they sell. I was so mad when I received it that I nearly returned it but my three year old wouldn't let me. He doesn't care about quality but only the fact that its a toy. The white pat around Yoshi's shell is FELT... flat felt... not this stuffed pretty version. He also does not have pink feet as shown but plain brown feet, and the orange little spikey part is just white and also felt material not stuffed but thin felt material sown on... and he is smaller than the measurements by about an inch and half. He looks cheaply made and I regret this purchase. In stores he is 5.99-7.99... so it wasn't just the price.
Dollar store quality product  Just arrived today. Shipping was fast. But Im disappointed because this is a very cheaply made toy. You can see where the seams were sewn together poorly and threads are hanging off everywhere, and the no ghost symbol is just a flimsy red piece of unfinished felt.  I way overpaid for this. Its dollar-store quality. Too much trouble to ship it back though.
Dont buy this item!!!  Why all the bad reviews where on the bottom? I read the reviews and all of them was saying this is a good toy. I barely received the item, not singing!!!! Are you kidding me? Thats why I bought it, now I cant returned because my two old son wants to play with him.
DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY  Horrible cheap piece of junk. Looks nothing like the picture!!! Not only that but the legs and arms are barely hanging on.
poor quality  Poor quality for the price.  I took it out of the box & my 3 yr old grandson stretched it & it sounded like something was tearing.  I don't think they will hold up for very long.  They don't really look like they did in the TV commercial.
knock off  Even though my child loves her olaf I was sad to see that this is not the same quality as Disney products.  I consider it a knock off from over seas.
Product is incredibly small and of poor quality.
Not as described, much smaller  This was marketed as 10 inches which I thought would be a little small but ok. But it is really about 6-7 inches at best. A few strands of hair go up to 9 inches or so. Very tiny, a little bigger than a smart phone. If you buy it, just be prepared for a much smaller toy.
DO NOT  BUY  DO NOT BUT!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!! ONE MONTH to ship a small stuffed toy. way to long even if it is coming from over seas.  DO NOT BUY you will regret
Horrible Quality  Despite all the bad reviews I still went ahead and bought this...unfortunately it was crane game quality...literally. Nothing soft or fluffy about it!
DON'T BUY  This product is absolutely horrendous. Looks nothing like the picture and mine didn't even have any eyes or anything just a big ball of fur. I think saying attention to detail is a far stretch on this garbage product. If I could rate negative stars I would.
Everyone seemed to love this toy so I reluctantly spent $20 on it  Everyone seemed to love this toy so I reluctantly spent $20 on it. My 19 month old little boy wanted nothing to do with it. Big waste of money for us. Maybe he will like it when he gets older but not right now.
Take a better look  The doll is extremely tiny!! Not worth the $25.49 I paid!!!! Doll was measured including the hair and the hair is most of the doll!!!
Appears to possibly be a counterfeit that's actually being distributed.
Leopard sharks look like this: http  All they did was slap a Leopard pattern on the shark stencil.  Leopard sharks look like this: [...]
Mad parent!  Original batteries were dead when we received it! Can't find the battery door to put in new ones! Total waste of my kids allowance!
Wrong item  I received a different item from what I originally ordered. I did not communicate with them, so I do not know how effective they are at fixing errors like this.
Twinkle Little Star over and over is painful even for the kid  It's a cute idea but poorly executed.  It requires the child to hold both of the dolls hands over the metal plate to play, which was hard for a 3 year old to learn, and everytime you let go it goes back to the first song.  Hearing a squicky version of Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star over and over is painful even for the kid.
forget it!  cheap looking, small and took a long time as it was shipped from China
Cheap  I order with the expectation that it was a real Disney product which is stamped "Exclusive, Authentic, Original". The one I received was a cheap imitation that looked nothing like the product advertised on Amazon. It was bought as a gift for a niece's birthday because it was what she had been wanting but my brother had also bought her a stuffed Tigger. The one he had bought was a real Disney product so I decided to send this cheap back to AnB Baby. I had to contact them to get an RMA number to return it and they tell me that I will only get an 80% refund. Dishonest company. Never buy from them.
does nothing like it says it  save your money... does nothing like it says it does
arrived dirty and very poor packaging  When the package arrived it was broken open and the stuffed olaf had black dirt all over it.... arrived dirty and very poor packaging.... not happy at all with this purchase
Not the Pluto as pictured
So incredibly disappointed with Amazon for the first time  So incredibly disappointed with Amazon for the first time! Ordered the pictured toy for a friend because my baby loves it but the wrong catapillar was in the box. It didn't have the vibrant colors or the different textures. I needed it for the gift right away so I couldn't return it. False advertising based on the picture....
Dumb
Item had rips in it as soon as the box was opened.
Item looks different from the one on the picture.
Too expensive for what you get  It's cheap, direct from China.  But if you child absolutely has to have one like this, low quality and all (probably worth $1), then I guess it works.
My olaf isn't working either just opened it up thia morning from santa
These were supposed to be mini and yet they are huge. Very sad we were trying to make a mobile for a baby.
Poor quality  I purchased this Atsume Atsume for my granddaughter. I am very disappointed in the quality of a supposedly Disney product. The material used is of very poor quality. The fabric is rough and shows white under the colors, especially the black and at the seams. I feel like one good tug and Bemo would become sushi. And I was shocked at how small this Tsum Tsum in relation to its price.
Stopped working in less than 1 month  My son LOVED his Furby and spent a lot of time taking care of it. Less than 1 month after getting it from Santa, Doo-Kah's voice/sounds stopped working completely. My son is very upset, as there's nothing we can do to fix it and even worse...amazon does not even have a replacement for us! I am going to Toys R Us today in hopes of finding an identical one for him. Its just a shame that my son will have to start all over again with a new one...He spent alot of time feeding/bathing/playing with/hatching out babies with his Furby. Goodbye Doo-Kah...
Disappointed...  Usually I am very happy with the service from Amazon, but this time I was truly disappointed.  I did recieve my order on the date that they indicated, but it seemed as though someone didn't do their job right because the Hello Kitty I recieved was tiny, not the demensions that it had in the description.  This was supposed to be a present for my daughter's birthday, and now I'm stuck with it because there is no time to return it, get a refund, and order a larger one.  They really should be more accurate in their descriptions.  The description said it weighed 1 lbs, but the box it shipped in said the weight was 0.44lbs.
Product never worked!!  Would not buy again for sure!!
... had it delivered one-day because it was my son's favorite..  Ordered this and had it delivered one-day because it was my son's favorite... the original Donald tsum tsum with no markings as shown in his picture.  The tsum tsum I received was the angry Donald with the yellow line across his back and the hat on the side.  My son cried!  Thanks for making my son extremely sad!!!!!
Very dissapointed  Not good quality. Not good at all. See the pictures of the real product.
Looks nothing like the pictured one.
horrible vouce  Voice unrecognizable
Piece of junk, Pom Pom and tube holding it in place have come loose.
Broke after 1 month of light play  Great toy, but it died after 1 month of play with a 2 month old.  I would have expected a bit more durability.
The head is falling off!  It's a really cute doll and my son loves it, but the head is barely hanging on and it's been just over 2 weeks. For a Gund product, I would not expect that.
It was so tiny
And I never received the story of one super boob.  It took forever to get here. And it was so small. Just a little taller than a coke can. And I never received the story of one super boob.
Item not as pictured -- Version you get can be obtained cheaper.  First I'll admit that my 2-year-old daughter loves this, but I'm disappointed whenever I don't receive the product that was advertised. I bought from this seller specifically because the photo shows a shiny, plush exterior -- which I was willing to pay $25 for. The toy we received is about 8" tall (not 10) and has a dull, cheap fabric exterior that isn't soft to the touch. It's basically the quality of a kewpie doll you win at a carnival, and looks more like Barney's half-wit cousin. This cheaper looking, bright purple Barney is listed by many other sellers on Amazon, usually for a cheaper price than this. Classic bait-and-switch, but it works because even though I was ripped off, my kid likes it and it's not worth the trouble of returning it over $25.
like a repeat of the TMNT Neca figures high priced unfair!!!!!  Like the TMNT 2009 Neca figures they are becoming high priced!!!
Fake
... all beat up and with extra fabric that looked like it was glued on to cover up holes  Came all beat up and with extra fabric that looked like it was glued on to cover up holes.
Showed up to my home with no fire on it's tail. It had been torn off.
Misleading picture  The stufffed Piccachu that arrives is not same as pictured. 9/28/17
Thus doll should be having the option to hang it on a window and the plastic circle opaque that need to stuck by air pressure is damaged by its curve
This toy looks more like a red Cookie Monster then Elmo  This toy looks more like a red Cookie Monster then Elmo. And since it has no other function, and it's point is to be a soft doll that looks like Elmo, it was pretty dissapointing when I received the doll, and it didn't look like Elmo. I ended up getting my daughter one from toys r' us. It was more expense, but worth it
Cute you but not worth the money I spent
Button was to hard to push  It was to hard ti push for the child and was very small. I was not was not was not  impressed
HAS NOT ARRIVED AS ADVISED
Buyer Beware  I purchased this Mickey Mouse as a Christmas present for my son. This is NOT a Licensed Disney Plush Mickey Mouse. I received a much lower quality Mickey Mouse clubhouse version, which sells on Amazon for fifteen dollars. Although cute, it is stiff and definitely not soft, huggable or PLUSH. I called Amazon, they placed the blame on the seller, I wrote the seller, the seller placed the blame on Amazon. Amazon refunded my money. I purchased this item at the actually Disney Store online and saved money doing so.
seems fint but its a poor quality material and probably a bootleg
the usual crap  First of all, "plush" does not mean rubber.  If it talks, it is unintelligible and below the level of human hearing.  And nowhere on the box was the character labelled.  I think the slaves that manufactured the object did adequate work, the problem is that what I received is not the product described.  What else is new, right?
Looks and sounds nothing like the original Barney  Looks and sounds nothing like the original Barney. Very disappointed especially since it was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter
Over-priced now!  If the price comes back down Ill purchase, but Im not one pay what clearly is price gouging!
little value  The wooden box was broken on 1st one I received.  In the 2nd one, the hammer head was loose and rusted.  Rust on the screw drivers also.  The tools are cheap.  Not anywhere near worth the price.
cheap product  doesn't look like picture - real cheaply made
it looks like it's going to split and break  The wood holding the mobile together is so cheap, it looks like it's going to split and break.
Unfortunately, this toy was defective.  Elmo's responses did not change when the different hats were put on his head.
The product title should be BREATHING plush, instead of talking plush.  Instead of "I TALK" in the toy body, should be "I ONLY MAKE BREATHING SOUND". I know this feature is described in the product description, but the word "TALK" in the title and darth vader belly led me to this misunderstanding. There is other talking plush in the market that looks exactly the same, but really talks including the famous phrase "I am your father". I was really disappointed with this product.
such a waste of money  This toy doesn't work, every time you sit Elmo on the potty he still has an accident. My husband and I are very frustrated that it doesn't work correctly, such a waste of money.
Not as big as they say, not even near to be!  I Just bought one of this sets and I'm upset, they're not near to be 30cm... Any of these toys is even 25cm
Knockoff Item!  I ordered one for my daughter and one for a friend of ours and accidently a third on a seperate order.  All three were identical knockoffs.  They looked nothing like the picture nor the one we got from the disney store before the movie came out.  It does have the patch on the foot looks like an authentic one(which was a good fake) but everything else was off.  I compared the tags and of course they do not match but the obvious give away was the face, nothing was right.  Honestly if the face was the same I don't think I would care but the thing looks like Olaf was hit in the face with a shovel.  If my daughter hadnt already attached to it I would return it
beacuse the toys is not what I expect
Ripped seams  There were rips in the seams of 3 of them. I had to sew them myself.
Doesn't seem like a quality item  Came with her arm torn. Sending back. Doesn't seem like a quality item, not going to reorder.
It was small - about 5-6", stuffed lightly, and not very cute.  I wouldn't buy another one.
Damaged, dirty, no original packaging  This is my second glow worm for my second daughter. The item did not come in the original packaging. The music is entirely different, the light wouldnt work and the item itself was comely dirty and scuffed up. Returned.
CHEAP  CHEAP QUALITY. BOOTLEG. VERY UGLY. COUNTERFEIT ITEM. DISAPPOINTED
Not worth the money.  Maybe we got a defective hat, but the song stopped playing all the way through and now only plays about the first five seconds (but still lights up) - disappointing.  My 16 month old grandson used to dance to the song while wearing the hat, and no longer can.  Oh well! Cute hat, but definitely not worth the money.
Pretty bummed, order three plushes from this seller for my son and only one was correct.
cheaply made  my son loves it, but the finger fell off immediately and the black stripe down the belly was cracked in a few spots from being bent while being shipped.
Very small for price  Very small in size read carefully a costly mistake on my half
Doesn't work and stained  Doesn't make sound when button pressed. And had a stain. I would not recommend this?
fake
NO VOICE!  Wait for 34 days to get itThe toy have NO voice! NO VOICE! I live out side of USA, how can I replace it?
Not good since its a kids toy  Olaf falls apart when pulled too hard. Not good since its a kids toy. It's a waste of money.
Disappointed  I ordered these after seeing a friend's, and I'm so disappointed.  It is not made well.  The hair is awful, the cloak is not the same as what was previously used and the sandals aren't the same either.  I'm returning it.
pony  Too babyish! And buttons hard to find once stickers removed.
Not What I Expected  This is way to small to be called 8 inches.its very stupid and the picture is a lie. I am not at all happy
I purchase many of these and the price increase of $16+ is absurd! Bring down the price!
Splurge - go Melissa and Doug for quality  So disappointed - ordered two dragons and both were so tiny.  Poor quality as well as one had a seam open with stuffing coming out.  Do NOT recommend.
stop working after one try.
since the hair is just cloth you cant even like hold her head so that is pretty weird  Her head is hollow in the back... since the hair is just cloth you cant even like hold her head so that is pretty weird. Otherwise the fill is okay and sings but I will be returning
So Disappointing!  My grandson received this as a gift yesterday for his birthday and I was so disappointed I had to write this review. This has to be the most uncuddle friendly stuffed animal ever. Come on Fisher Price would have added that much to the cost to add a little fiber fluff to this toy. The pictures show kids hugging this toy that is billed as being hug-gable and plush when in fact the body is solid and rigid and all you feel is the plastic box holding all the gizmos that make it talk and his arms to move. Even the eyes on the toy are hard plastic. The instructions are laughable. *Don't lay the toy face down *If the arms are bent too long slowly unbend them in the opposite direction. Don't even get me started about installing the batteries.  This is a product that really needs to go back to the drawing board. It is like the prototype was not even held by a child or looked at by a parent. Fisher Price makes many excellent toys but this one does not even come close to the quality I expect from this company. The toy should be recalled so all parents and grandparents who have purchased the toy can have a do-over.
Don't buy it!  Piece of crap. Doesn't talk!
I wouldn't buy again.  The feet were not attached and there was no stuffing in the legs/
Nice sham you have here  Not at all what I ordered. I've gotten free toys at carnival games that were sewn better than this. Several random pieces of the fabric were facing the wrong way and Totoro seems to have lost quite a bit of weight. It isn't the same toy as in the picture and I know this because not only does its body look different and misshapen but the one I got has a green leaf on its head. It took a whole month and a half for it to even get to my house, too. Don't buy. If I had a camera I would post a picture.
Not big enough and dealing direct with Manufacturer a pain  I tried to save some money and get the "Deal" offered by the manufacturer by going directly to their website to order.  What a rip off.  The ordering process was set up to try to get you to spend as much money as possible, and it didn't give you the ability to review what you had ordered before the confirmation was completed.  In the end, we ended up paying a ton of money for shipping on items we didn't even want.  I tried to get this fixed with Customer service, but they were also a pain to deal with.  I will not deal with this company again after this experience.  Also, the tummy stuffers are a lot smaller than made out to be in their adds.  They don't fit much at all other than a blanket.  Wasted money, kids will be "over" them in less than a week, and such a waste of time dealing with poor service and bad sales techniques.  These sales tactics should be against the law!
no sizes  I was hoping when i brough this, it would fit an adult size for teenager. I love how it looks but it was made for younger.
Chinese knock off, not as pictured here.  Item pictured above is not what you will receive.  The item I got had different looking eyes, and they were yellow, not while.  Also the leaves are tacked on cheaply with hot glue and do not look like the photo.  Its not a horrible item, but if you're wanting exactly whats pictured above, you won't be getting that.
It broke within 5 days. The on off button in the ear does not work.
The quality if product very poor.  The ball fell apart 15 minutes after receiving it.  I had to sew it back together. I was very disappointed and will never purchased again.
Did not work  Sulley did not do any of the sounds.  Had to give it as a gift anyway because there was not time to send back and it is a hassle to return things. Not pleased.
Angry Gudetama  Not the best rendition of Gudetama.  They look a little more mad than they should.
only worked a month before I had to throw it away
Not enough stuffing  This doll is smaller than expected and there is barely any stuffing in the tail
Cheaply made. Comes in cheap plastic bag, doesnt have any packaging. I bought this as a birthday gift but it was just to cheap-looking to give out.
It isn't worth $11.  I would say its worth $5. The material is cheap and looks like a rag doll.
Fox I received looks nothing like the one pictured.... it is tiny and cheap looking and not returnable!!!
not worth the cost. it was very expensive and took forever to arrive
Very low quality  When I placed the order, where the item was shipping from was very unclear. So it showed up AFTER Christmas and when it finally did arrive, the item looks like the quality of a cheap dog toy not a kids toy.  I threw it in the trash.  Thank god for the local toys r us, they had what I wanted BEFORE Christmas.
Rudolph has "Baby's First Christmas" on one hoof.  This was not a present for a child's first Christmas.  Also he does NOT light up or sing a song!!!  Sent this product back!!  Too much money to not be what I wanted and to not have it work!!
Faulty product  We already have one of these and love it. We ordered from here to get a second one for at grandma's, the speakes buzz and it destroys batteries within hours.
I like to shop early for gifts  Bought as a gift and when they opened it it was broken. I was 10 days late to return. Unacceptable since it's a damaged product regardless of when it was purchased. I like to shop early for gifts.
3 Olaf toys nothing but junk  All 3 of my kids received this toy each for Christmas presents this past year and other than the "demo" option it didn't work, the remote is useless (unless you like a push button light up box). I would have understood if one of the three malfunctioned, but all three is just ridiculous. Too much money for toys that are now used as heavy stuffed animals.  While this is a great idea for a toy its apparent the manufacturer/ company cares nothing for quality (or if it even works)  Don't waste your money
I was very disappointed with this purchase  I was very disappointed with this purchase.  First, the sizing runs quite small so you should buy a pair a size or two bigger than what you think.  Second, these did not work at all as described.  My four year old found them difficult to walk on and his weight pressing down was not enough to make the monster eyes flop up.  After only a couple minutes of wearing them uncomfortably with no results, he had no desire to try them again.  Ultimately. the slippers were returned.
Beautiful but wrong item  Ordered angel for my little girl and received Stich instead. Ironically the bag is labeled as angel even if the stuffed animal itself is not.
looks like something you might win at a carnival  Ordered 11/25, shipped 12/17, arrived 12/24, barely in time for Christmas. It is cute in the face, but in terms of quality on the body,  looks like something you might win at a carnival. Would only recommend if you're not in a hurry and need a low price.  It's also a knockoff and not a Disney item and has some differences from the pic.
not what i expected  I bought this for my niece for her birthday. A plush Smurfette doll was at the top of her wish list. I scoured toys r us but they were all sold out. I found this item on amazon and purchased it thinking it would be the same as the toys r us Smurfette. I was sadly mistaken. It is of very poor quality, reminds me of a stuff animal you would win at a fair. All the writing on the tags is in German. Luckily my niece loved it anyway but the product was definitely not worth the price.
TOO SMALL FOR PRICE  Judging by the pic I was thinking this would be larger. Would not have purchased for the price if I knew the size. Once it arrived I took a second look at the listing and saw it stated pocket size- I missed that b/f purchasing. My oversight. It is roughly the size of a small  beanie baby- it would be fine if that what I was expecting- but it is definitely over priced for the size.
Not 15-20inches!!  I ordered this "giant" microbe as a gift. It came in a huge box because it was described to be 15-20 inches in length. When I opened the box it was all stuffing and a tiny plastic container with small 4-inch plush toys. Item was not as described. Had to return for a full refund.
Such a terrible experience  i am from canada and i bought this item thinking it will be great for my daughters birthday. I had it sent to my PO box in seattle and thought to drive there to pick up this toy. when i arrived to pick up the item i opened the box and found olaf`s nose dangling. The toy was broken and they still packaged thr toy and sent it out. because of this i did not have the toy for her birthday as promised and there were many tears. I am very upset with the fact that they sent it out knowing it was already broken. the box was also taped and the box looked like it had been thrown around.
Would not consider this stuff animal a large, by no means.
Not worth the price. There is nothing particularly wrong with this doll, but for the size and quality, it should be priced around $4. Dissapointed.
Very disappointed.  I returned the item. It definitely was not of the quality I had expected. It was much smaller and very flimsy. The bender did refund my money with no problems.
I got the complete wrong thing!
Literally looks nothing like the one in the photo at all. Very disappointed....
This is a really cheap knockoff of the official toy. I can't decide if I want to give it as a gift or not. I need to stop ordering if I can't tell it's not the real thing.
Dislike  The doll sings to fast and not with Barneys voice. My grandson was not even interested in it and he loves Barney!
Tall but not big  Dinky little stuffed animal compared to others I have bought.  I paid more for this guy because he was listed as a bigger 11" animal.  When he arrived I was surprised that there was less to him than some smaller 7 and 9" plush I recently purchased.  Price was way too high for this listing.
Not impressed. Mickey is frail looking to me.
Product looks great but order from Target at $20
Cute but didn't work  It was very cute but didn't work.  Had to send it back for a refund.
Bad experience  The item was ripped and missing some stuffing. Dont recommend
Too small  Its cute my 2yr old will love it but for the price i paid its too small I could have gotten something bigger from Walmart for the same price.
It is very small and very expensive
Not what I ordered at all...  I guess I'll give these guys one star for at least sending me a lucky star character, but this is supposed to be Konata! If it's not Konata, they need a picture or description that it might not be konata... I was very disappointed with this purchase, and would never buy this again.
The stuffed plush itself was great. However  The stuffed plush itself was great.  However, it wasn't talking like the description said.  Even when replacing the batteries.  Disappointed.
Not what I expected.  Can hardly hear it and cheap material, but my 3 yr old loved it anyway. It's not worth the money.
Cute but over priced  Olof was cute but was definitely not worth the price that we payed for it! Wouldn't purchase another one in the future.
Horrible stitching!  Purchased this for christmas for my son from seller Sonkowsky. It took 3 weeks to arrive. The stitching was coming out in several places, and the back of its head looked like it had come apart and been quickly sewn back together by hand. I was very disappointed. My son likes it but  right away he noticed the crooked stitching and pieces of thread sticking out all over. It was a gift from Santa, so we told him the elf that made it must have been in a hurry. I'm not happy.
She didn't love this one as much as I hoped  She didn't love this one as much as I hoped.  It was cute but the ears kept flopping over and the ribbon was blocking Sylveon's face.
Terrible  This is terrible, it looks nothing like the picture. Others have gotten the actual plush but this one I bought directly from Amazon and it came as a defect.
Small
I waste My money  I loved it, its fun,  but my furby have no voice don't buy it don't buy it  don't buy it
This product felt like air.  It was so light that it was almost non-existent.  It very well could be that this product never made it to my door, but that would not fall within the guidelines of an Amazon product review. So I'll just stick to saying that this product is as light as air and I hardly even knew when I had it.
got it and it was broken. The turn on ear wouldn't work.
I expect soft but it wasn't...
Stopped singing in a day!!!!!
This was much smaller then expected and has a very strong smell to it!!!
Thethe picture is very deceiving, this just one moracca.
Disappointing!  Voice of doll is inaudible.  Cannot understand.  Batteries had leaked inside the battery box of doll.  A grossly overpriced and disappointing product!
Item recieved in plastic bag, no box!  Item recieved in a plastic bag, not in the original box as provided in the listing. I would not buy this again, not happy to give this as a gift as I had planned. Who knows where this has been!
Sound plays constantly  I bought this wand as an accessory to my 17 month old daughter's Abby Halloween costume. I did read the reviews before buying, but I thought the motion activated sound would be more when you tapped the wand, but it turns out the sound plays anytime you are holding it. Or even if you place it on a couch and sit at the other end, it will still make the sound every time you move. My two year old son kept telling it to be quiet (if that tells you anything). I finally removed the sound box/batteries with a seam ripper and then sewed it back together, and now both kids happily play with the wand that no longer makes sound. I would not recommend this unless you are ready for almost constant sound while your child holds it.
Not as advertised  These are very poorly made. Not even worth the few dollars they are asking for. The sonic plush doll I received  was completely different than the one they have in the picture and coincidentally had no tags on it either. Shady dealings with this company.
DOA, junk.  DOA, tree did not move. Sent it back.
Very disappointed right before Christmas  Velcro was missing from one of the hands. Very disappointed right before Christmas.
Do not recommend!  Produto tem as orelhas com material interno duro e barulhento o que no atende as necessidades da criana quando for dormir. No recomendo! This article has ears with hard and loud inner material which does not meet the child's needs when sleeping. Do not recommend!
bunny  Way too small
If it talked....  Came in a plastic bag. Is a plush toy but has no ability to 'talk'. There is nothing in this doll which allows it to play audio. How deceptive.
This is not what the ad says it is  Bear looks deformed
This is not the Dora you are looking for.  The Dora pictured is the one with rope hair that my child loves. HOWEVER the Dora that they ship to you is a different much cheaper looking one. It is not the same and does not actually have "hair". BUYER BEWARE.
Small and junky
Doesn't sing, very poor
I was very disappointed. The nose did not light up  I was very disappointed. The nose did not light up. I would have returned it but it was too close to Christmas to get a new one in time.
Good quality and perfect size tho  Came with old batteries. Stopped working after two days. Can't return or my 4yo would have a damn panic attack. Good quality and perfect size tho.
It took lot of time to get shipped and the item doesnt look new.
Overpriced and disappointed  Overpriced for the size when you can buy it for half the price at the actual disney store! Wasn't anything like the photo, very disappointed
Completely NOT what is pictured/described  Very disappointed. My 2 1/2yr old daughter has the one that is pictured, she takes it everywhere and after 2 years it is getting tattered. I just ordered this to replace the one my daughter has. She has the one that is pictured here and the same description. The minnie mouse I received is not the same at all. It looks completely different, has different features, plays a loud weird song and the box is in Japanese writing. If you no longer have the minnie mouse pictured/described then you should update or remove this. I'm now out $40 for false advertisement.
Not a good buy  This was a fuzzy messy messed up toy.  I couldn't even brush it to where it looked  nice
I was very disappointed with the Minion I received  I was very disappointed with the Minion I received. From the picture shown I thought I was buying all 3 Minions not just 1 I would have never payed $46 for 1 Minion.
It does not rattle. The wings just crunch.  It does not rattle.  The wings just crunch.
Cheap and flimsy, poor quality, regrettable purchase  I expected this to be of much higher quality than what I got. This is as cheaply made as something you'd expect a child to receive from a one-toothed carney at a trailer park fair. This is not worth Amazon's price of $13!
Voice box is broken but my son still loves him. I wish I didn't pay so much money for a broken toy but my son wouldn't let him go since he came home!
Obvious knock off.
not as advertised  While this plushie is very nice quality there are two things wrong with the catbus I received: 1) The name on the front is in English, not Japanese as depicted im the photos. The whole reason I ordered this one is because it showed "Mei" in Japanese. 2) The bus is not 13.5 inches - not even if you stretch the tag at the end of the tail all the way out. This is upsetting because I paid the higher price for the larger plushie. Other than these two complaints, the catbus is of good quality - the fur is soft and silky and the face is nice, not at all deformed or wonky.
Don't waste your money  Needless to say, it's crappy quality. Most likely fake even though it was the Pokemon Center tag, it's terrible quality. Was hoping to get lucky and get a good one. Came with tears, over stuffed, very lopsided face and unfinished stitching. I'd feel ashamed to give this to my boyfriend for Christmas now.
Arrived with bad stitching  The item was received timely however the stitching on the toy had already come apart around the neck.  I was so embarrassed when I gave this away as a present to a child when the parents pointed it out.
Doll was broken. Returned and dealer has not issued any type of reimbursement Absolute nightmare
Partial toy  There was no DVD with the stretchkin!!!!  Frog is cute but I really need the DVD!
poorly made  Super cute my son loved it especially because he loves cows and to hear them moo. He had it 2 minutes he barely pulled the hand and it came off. One of the arms weren't even sowed on.
WATCH OU FOR THE SIZE IS NOT IS INCHES!!!!  The size is totally deceiving it says 14" 19" 20" BUT it  is NOT in INCHES!!!! A product sold in the USA???? I feel totally misled! it is very very tiny after all thus a rip off for the price!
Abby Cadabby Wand  Though the wand is exactly as pictured, I was a little disappointed.  I had thought it would make the "sound" Abby's wand makes.  It does not.  It is basically a "stuffed" toy.  The ribbons are nice and more than I expected, but I would not purchase it again for any child older than a baby.
My younger sister wants it for a long time. So I purchased it for her as a gift. She played it quite well. All of the sudden, it passed away after about 3 weeks of playing! I thought this is because of out of battery. (Although it doesn't make sense either because 3 weeks life of battery seem to be too short!!) Unfortunately, this is not a battery's problem. I think this product is a defected product. I am considering to return and get a new one. Hope that Amazon accepts it..
I don't want to give any stars to this toy. It was broken when I got it. I was vert disappointed. But in the end I went to Walmart and found a better toy for my granddaughter. Christmas was great.
Don't Waste Your Money!  Its noises don't sound like Chewbacca and the fabric quality is very poor. I would return it except it would cost more to ship it back then the item is worth. It's a waste of money!
Not what it showed in the picture.
Did not work  Did not talk at all!!! Was disappointed
The blanket is great, the seller overcharged for the item. Check out Idea Nuova instead.
didn't even last long, one arm start's rioping off
Disappointed Elf  I was disappointed in this purchase.  It did not meet "my" purpose.  It is much larger than it appears in the picture. -Not in height, but in the other dimensions- especially the head.
... this doll got it for my granddaughter and was disappointed. its not  nothing special about this doll got it for my granddaughter and was disappointed. its not great
Don't even bother.  Terrible. My daughter played with it for 3 minutes and it's head fell off! I thought it was going go be bigger, more plush and all around much better! For what I paid for it, it's totally not worth it!
Eye  Mine lost its eye the day after i got it i wouldnt recommend getting this i was very disappointed :/
Awful!  Toy is very small doesn't even really look like the character,Cost to much for the size!! Do not recommend!!Also my son had it a week before there was a hole in this item!!
It doesnt work It says talking And it doesnt and theres no place for batteries
Needs lots of repairing with the needle and thread  This is cute.  It's a good size.  However, it came with a hole which I sewed up because my son was SO EXCITED I chose not to send it back.  We have had it for 2 weeks now and I just finished sewing the fourth hole up.  My son still loves it, but seriously, let's work the sewing okay?
Afro Pirate Minion  My son won this at Dave & Busters. Had had it for a few months. He got sick all over it a few weeks ago and we washed it because it was completely saturated in vomit and a simple spot cleaning wasn't going to cut it. It came out with a missing eye and the other halfway peeled off. His hair went from long, luxurious locks, to a full blown afro. And my son was in hysterics.
WARNING THESE ARE FROM TOYS R US  If you enlarge the box on your tablet and look on the upper right side of the box you will see the words toys r us. I just bought this tonight at t-r-us and paid 29 bucks, not on sale! What it really says on the box is only for toys r us. I guess this merchant is buying them and heavily marking them up. He may take them out of the package as this page shows them not in the box. The main page does however. I'd return them and go to toys r us as reselling their item at a mark up is probably illegal. I was just checking around and came across this and enlarged it; it is definitely the one I bought tonight which is a toys r us item ONLY. I'm sending a copy to the corporation.
Hole in head  Arrived damaged, with a hole in the back of the head. Unfortunately it was a gift which I hadn't opened before giving, so it wasn't easy to practically return.
False description  Cute stuff Pokemon but it is NOT 9.5 inches. It is more like 6 inches; which is not worth the $20
Did not look like my other Paw Patrol Pals  Did not look like my other Paw Patrol Pals. Little one was happy enough but I could tell, even the tag was different.
Not so jumbo
Not as pictured  The product received was not the toy in the picture.  It is a total fraud!  The product received was not of the quality or even close to the toy pictured.  When brought to the seller's attention, they had no explanation or excuse.
Not what I expected  Just received this in the mail today. It was stuffed in a very small bag and all squashed. It is smaller than expected.  Will not order again.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER  This GIZMO plush toy I had ordered has glue all over the plastic parts, and looks like a kid put it together. The fur is longer in some areas than others. Needless to say, I am returning it.
I am very disappointed, the rapunzel doll that I received does not have a one arm
Does not stretch like it says  Does not stretch like it says. When it arrived it was nasty looked like it was full of fuzz. Highly disappointed
Way to small for the price....expected it to be much bigger
No repeat purchases for me.  Smelled like smoke and was a bit dirty. Won't order again from this seller.
Caused boyfriend to stumble  I received this plush, amazing, thoughtful gift for my birthday from my boyfriend. I was so thrilled, and promised to never euthanize or incinerate my huggable companion cube. It loved me back and provided assurance during difficult tasks. I was going to bring it to work this morning when I discovered my still-sleeping boyfriend with it tucked firmly in his embrace.  The worst part is, my cube looked HAPPY.  Instead of being loved by the two most important people in my life, I found them together, without me.  Thanks companion cube, for tearing us apart.  You're headed to the furnace.
Sound did not work!  Sound did not work. The item had been opened previous to being sent to me. It appears that it was sent back by a previous customer then resent to me!
Nice but not for the cost.  Way over priced for both the size and quality.
Despicable Product for me  This product is not cute and cuddly as pictured, or as expected. I am not happy with this product received.
TINY must have clarified measurements AFTER we ordered...  Cute doll but must have corrected the dimensions AFTER we purchased. My son and I were under the impression the dimensions were in inches and were disappointed to find they're in centimeters. My boy wouldn't have spent $25 hard-earned dollars on a TINY pokemon. :(
is smaller than i though, the plush can't even stands by itself, look a little bit weird, not worth what i Paid
Do not buy this horrible quality ripped the 1st day do not buy this
Meh..  Cheap and didn't make the cut with my 5 year old grandson.  It's somewhere in thrift store heaven now.
DO NOT BUY!!  THIS IS A FAKE!!!  We have purchased multiple Mario characters and this one is a cheap knock-off.  It looks NOTHING like the one in the picture which is an authentic, liscensed product.  My child was very disappointed.
Don't buy!  Terrible quality. The neck is very flimsy and the head of the doll just leans over side ways. Do not recommend at all!
Not exactly what I expected.  The reason I am giving this 2 stars, is because of the fact the item is listed as 9 inches. This plush is extremely small and the only way it is 9 inches is when you measure from the arms all the way to the tail of the plush. This was definitely not the 9 inch plush that I was expecting. However, I do like the softness and the quality of the plush. Everything besides the size was great for me. If you want something big that is labyrinth merchandise, I would advise getting something else though.
Amazon shipping Sucks  The only reason I say I hate it is I don't have it it was deliverd to wrong address so no present for this grandson.  and no present for second grandson for it has never left the facility ,was ordered on 4th take my money and nothing you awfull Grinch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was too expensive, but i would have to bought it
It ripped the second day my daughter had it.
You can tell that the material was made cheap and poorly stitch
Worst Elmo EVER  I gave this to my son for his 2nd birthday yesterday and he got bored with it after about 2 minutes.  He normally loves EVERYTHING Elmo but this was a flop!  It only does one thing with each hat and was a HUGE disappointment!  Plus it is insanely annoying and loud!
The toy received is not the same as the picture
Really Small. :/
Bootleg not real...very bad  Don't buy this if you want an incorrect design. It's funny that you get reviews like " Oh good quality blah blah." Well the whole dang plushie is bad. Yea it's soft but the colour, feet, face, and paws are wrong..I wouldn't recommend this...
Sub-par Quality  Threads sewing plush together are white and VERY visible and yellow plush is almost see through. Not happy with the quality AT ALL. Keeping it only because it was a gift for my daughter and she only see her favorite Pokemon, not the lack of quality. She probably will when it falls apart in a few weeks.
not what I ordered  ordered plush doll but received a barbie doll
My JRT "bit" that nose in no time and now, I have to try to sew it or tape it.
not good  packaging was dented, but inside was broken toys frame and worn paint. Toy totally worked.  Very frustrating. Unfortunately, I can not change the toy, because I live in another country.
and something only a grandparent would probably buy out of love for their babies  I really only bought this because my grandaughter likes Dora, and I wanted to get her younder brother something so he wouldnt feel left out at her party. $18 for an 8 inch cheaply made stuffed toy is, well, ridiculous, and something only a grandparent would probably buy out of love for their babies. Shameful, really. I didn't keep the packaging, but it is in good shape, and it turns out my grandson doesn't like stuffed toys...
Sounds nothing like Barney and pretty small in size  This Barney toy looks just like the picture, however, it is much smaller than expected. The voice is not even remotely close to Barney's actual voice. This toy sounds like a very high-pitched (chipmunk-like) version of Barney.
Don't Buy this Crab!!!!!!!!  So, I brought this product last week and it doesn't match the picture. Plus, the Domo look like s***! and I have the plush 7" domo one and it look way way better than this. The domo looks cheap even though it's 12". I returned this crab and it also costed some shipping fed.
Very disappointed at this product  FAKE Product from China! Very disappointed at this product. My daughter has the same bunny and we decided to buy her another one as a replacement. Well this product was shipped to our house from China and it looks nothing like the genuine Mamas&papas bunny. The ears are a lot shorter and skinnier, the head is a weird shape, the nose is weird looking, the stiches are all messed up. It looks like a disabled bunny at best. My 11 month old daughter could even tell this one is fake and wouldn't hold this bunny. Not worth returning at this point, just have to throw it away.
Not worth the price. Junk.
Activity doll  I bought this toy for my toddler since she loves to fasten and unfasten buttons, zippers, etc. The snap and the button are very difficult to manipulate, the zipper is only one inch long, and the "shoelaces" are made of ribbon which will unravel after too much more use. There is also no velcro on it.  However, as a stuffed toy, she loves it.
The noise only worked for the first day.
Not as Pictured! Not Disney Elsa!  This doll is NOT as pictured! If you want winter Elsa do not buy this! I wanted the blue Elsa doll from the movie, but the dress on this doll is green with pinkflowers, like its Spring instead of Winter! Her skin is also pink and there are pink flowers in her hair. Much cheaper than the doll my daughter fell in love with at Target! I would give 0 stars if allowed.
deformed and poor craftsmanship  The plush came in an envelope instead of a box which made the head turned sideways permanently and the tail flaps are sewn flat. The head leaf things are flat and one looks longer than the other. The leaf blades are sewn on the finger instead of the arm. Overall it looks like it was very poorly made with almost no care in craftsmanship. This needs to really be shipped in a box for far better protection and to keep the plush from deformation.
I received one that looks nothing like the one in the picture  I received one that looks nothing like the one in the picture. Highly disappointed, because I bought this as a Christmas gift for someone. first picture: I found a picture similar to the one I have. Second picture: The one I was hoping to get but didn't.
Must have misunderstood  Great, cute and very little Peter in a gift bag! I thought that was a jack in the box. Disappointed.
Hole in it after 3 weeks!  Got a hole in it after 3 weeks!  My daughter doesn't play rough with it at all.  Very disappointed.  She has dozens of stuffed animals and has never gotten a hole in any of them.
Not good quality  Looks and feels cheap and obviously off branded. Took forever to arrive
Quality  The dragon was cheaply made, the seams are unraveling, the product had holes in it 2 days after receiving it
I was very disappointed.  I bought this for my 1 year niece and it did not mention there were metals hooks. I was very disappointed.
gave it the grandson ...what a hunk of junk ,,,,,,,,looks like something you get at a game stand as your boobie prize...
this product is fake run away to buy it
Overpriced!
Very expensive and very small.  Way too small to enjoy.
Died after 15 minutes  This was my son's favorite Xmas gift. It sings and dances to the gummy bear song. So cute!! However it lasted about 15 minutes then it died. I tried replacing the batteries and still nothing. Now it only dances or walks with NO music. Talk about ruining a child's Xmas. Luckily he had many other gifts to make up for it. I would recommend this product IF it wil work as it should because it seemed very cute.
Cheap imitation  The Arlo I received was not an authentic Disney plush as advertised, but a poorly made imitation. The wire in the neck was poking out the side, not buried nicely like the one at the Disney store. There was also no wire in the legs to pose Arlo like the authentic version has. Lastly, the Arlo I received was missing the authentic Disney patch on the back left foot.
Not what i ordered  I didn't receive the Ciel plush, instead I received some chinese luck charms, I wasn't very happy with this purchase. I hope this doesn't happen again, because I really love ordering things from Great Eastern.
Buyer beware  Product was smaller than stated and arrived defective. It had no stuffing in one leg and another leg was unstitched and stuffing was showing.
I think it would be great if it worked well  It's cute, and I think it's certainly helping our toddler get familiar with the concept of using the potty, but the magnet on the toilet / in Elmo isn't very strong, so half the time when we get him to actually sit on the toilet, he sings the "I had an accident" song instead of the "hooray" song. I think it would be great if it worked well... but it just doesn't reliably work.
Poorly made  Very disappointed, the narwhal was so cute but the string on the horn already came loose.  She has only had it 1 day.
not accurate  The head was to elongated and the eyes were brown instead of red
Junk!  Junk!!! I recieved the junky plush as other people seemed to as well! It's maybe 12" tall, headband glued to its forehead, feet are different sizes and legs sown on crocked! I ordered this for my daughters birthday this week and can not give her this. It looks like a cheap claw machine toy! I wouldn't complain too much if I hadn't paid $40 for it!!!! Not happy at all right now! I need a poppy plush by Friday and can't find it anywhere else and am now weary of ordering it here :(
Pull Apart Olaf  My granddaughter like it but the nose got pulled off accidentally. They were going to return it for a new one.
Cute concept, overpriced - put too much faith into it  My toddler was 16 months at the time of purchase. I purchased it in hopes that it would help entertain him during a short 1.5 hour flight. I happily sneaked it onto our carry on and surprised him after our belts were fastened. He didn't even want it touch it! For a toddler who is interested in clasps locks details you name it, I was shocked. The flight went great even if my toy idea was a flop. Toys like these are definitely toddler dependent but I would not recommend because I feel it is overpriced.
I took the Charizard into close consideration and realized how poor several parts and limbs really were  My first response was...well it's unique. Honestly, one of the derpiest Charizards I've sen in my life time, but let's get to details, real quick!  1) Delivery and packaging: When I first found it in the mailbox, I had just about realized how small it was going to be. For all you guys that can't tell your inches from your feet, visualize two coffee cups stacked together. Yup, my Charizard buddy was a little shorter than that. The second I realized was the packaging. The toy was wrapped so tight that it ended up deforming the Pokemon, and as a result bent its so that its left wing bends halfway while its right wing springs all the way back. Besides the wings, the head was forced into an awkward position that would take a decent amount of effort to put back properly. Finally, the minor details on its body (ex: teeth, foot spikes, etc.) ended up in similar awkward positions due to the tight packaging and pressure.  2) Stuffing, Stitching, and Care: After removing the wrapping, I took the Charizard into close consideration and realized how poor several parts and limbs really were. If there was one thing I would compliment it on, it would be the stitching. Well...most of it. The stitching done on the body and legs are overall sturdy and looks quite decent from a distance, but up close, several seams make themselves too obviously, taking a part of the enjoyment from its appearance. In small detailed areas such as the arm and shoulders, the seam ran astray or broke off. Now if the stitching wasn't bad enough for you, you'll get your fill when you hear about the stuffing. The stuffing was more or less like the stitching, some parts were full and satisfying like the belly area, but others were...*gag*. Although there were passable amounts of stuffing in the head, neck, and legs, several areas (when looked at closely) seemed lazily done. Here, the tip of Charizard's tail immediately ran out of stuffing (meaning its only fate will be to forever droop), while its neck had a bit too much (along with its feet which means it can't stand properly), as it would bulge and bump when running your fingers through it. In an overall view, you can actually see some of the stuffing coming out in bits, and although its skin has the right color and softness, the mixing sheen and texture make it look fugly.  In conclusion, it would probably be best to save your money and buy from the pokemoncenter.com (AKA the official website for Pokemon products) instead of crossing your fingers and hoping that "I don't get a 1-star product on amazon, cause I mean what're the chances right?". I honestly bought this to test much it should be paid for, and I'm not even mad, seeing how I got it while it was on sale (9.99$ + Free S+H). I'm just saying, if you have the money for well...THIS plushie, then I have no doubt that you would (and should) have enough to buy one from the actual site. (Hey Sticking a "Pokemon Center Japan import" shouldn't mean that you should be paying 50s+).
The antlers made it a bit top heavy.  Does not stand up well.
bootleg.  bootleg. not a legit doll. made fairly decently but unfortunately not the real thing. at least it was a bootleg of the minky version, so it's soft.
Not at all what I ordered. It was 3 small plastic figurines. Cute, but not what I ordered
Huge Disappointment  Poor quality--looks cheap and ratty.  Also looked dirty--wanted to wash it before giving it to my 1 1/2 yr. old grandson, but it's not machine washable and I wasn't sure it could even withstand hand washing, so I returned it.  Very disappointed with it, especially since it's a GUND product.
Rip off!!  The toy was stained and not even close to the picture. The picture has a tag. No tag on this one. Some other kids initials were on it. I didn't expect it new. I know blues clues is 12-15 years old. My wife washed it and stains came out. So this place didn't even try to clean it. Too bad there's not an option for zero stars cause that's what u should get. Damn scam artist.
Broke first day!  I bought this for my 12 year old sone to goof off with. He used it for about an hour and set it aside. When he picked it up later, he shot it once, and one front leg completely came off! What a waste of money.
Bad quality stitching  Cute stuffed animal but quality was awful. Seams broke in two areas within 2 hours. I didn't feel like returning so I just sewed it back.
loses hair  although my son was thrilled with this plush, unfortunately it started losing hair from day 1 and now at some spots its hair free...
Not original 1998 as listed!!  Product listed as no longer manufactured 1998 product.  Tag on product clearly states made in 2014 in China.  Listed manufacturer as Fun 4 All on site, manufacturer according to tags is Toy Factory.  False advertising!! I have several SP plushes by Fun 4 All and they are much higher quality than Toy Factory.  Will not buy again!!  Highly displeased.
Arrived cracked by screw hole. It appears someone overtightened it and broke it.
The face looked messed up
Nothing like the picture or description.  I bought this, expecting a 9" plush, but instead got a 13" giant plush that looks nothing like the picture! Yes it says estimate, but it's a 4" difference!
Cute but thought it would be bigger
Does not look like the picture AT ALL  Does not look like the picture AT ALL. Also it is a hanging decor not so much a stuffed animal. Not pleased at all with this purchase. Not as big as the picture!!!!
KEYCHAIN, not a toy  This is a keychain, not a toy.  Thus, it did not work for the baby I purchased it for. Disappointing, because the pictures do not represent the item delivered. It has a tag and a chain attached on the back.
It looks pathetic for the price paid, I am disappointed  Really disappointing.  It is not 8" -- it is about 6 1/2", maybe 7" if you stretch out the toes.  But the most disappointing part is it is so THIN -- if you lay it flat it is literally ONE INCH thick so it seems more 2-dimensional than 3-dimensional.  It looks really pathetic for the price paid.  Walmart sells Shopkins plush toys for $5.88 that look way nicer.  I am not pleased but don't want to hassle with a return.  I think I would probably like it fine if I paid 5ish dollars for it.
I do not have any complain about this product. My GF loves Boo. I tried to buy a pair of Boo for her. The figure confused me. I have to agree I did not pay attention to the details. However, the seller should not put the confusing picture.
dowloaded fine... now it doesn't work!  I got my info downloaded to Elmo with no problems.  I was so excited to see my son's face when Elmo said his name on Christmas morning.  But to my GREAT disappointment, when he opened it Elmo wouldn't say anything!  I made sure it was switched on and still nothing.  I changed the batteries 2 different times.... still nothing.  My fun had been ruined.  And now I have to hassle with Amazon to get this returned.  What a bummer!
Looked like it would not hold up too long  cute doll but I sent it back- for the price I was not impressed. Looked like it would not hold up too long.
not worth it!  Ripped quickly--poor design
Cheaply made elmo.  A bit disappointed  Item is raggy looking and seems cheaply made.  It is NOT SOFT like a typical GUND item.  I was very concerned it may be fake.  After visiting the official GUND website it seems legit.  I had read another review with a comparison of the "real one" vs the one I got with the open mouth.  I think the item just went "cheap" and the quality went downhill like most textiles in this country
Merchandise was dirty and we threw it out.... Really bad condition.  Could not give as a gift......
Bad packaging  It came in cardboard box not original Elmo box. Bought it last year for Christmas present. Just the fact alone that it came in a ugly cardboard box makes me give bad review, it was a present. Not appealing at all. My son was not that crazy about the Elmo doll either
My son definitely noticed the difference and was not pleased at all  I second the review. I ordered this and got one with a red vest. My son definitely noticed the difference and was not pleased at all!
Average Quality  Waste of money just average quality small.
it was smaller than expected.  the Stitch we got at the disney store is twice as big.
Does NOT look like the picture of the product.  Does not look like the picture, but it is 7 inches tall. I'm guessing this is a hit or miss since some people have received the product shown in the picture. Going to return this, not worth the $8 spent.
its did not look like the picture don't buy
I got a defective one!  Mine came unable to speak complete sentences without holding down the button, which defeats the whole talking thing. terrible.
NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE DO NOT BUY  Do Not buy. My boyfriend got this for me as a gift and was upset since it is POORLY made. The stitching is horrible. The bangs are poorly made like a tumor is coming out of the dolls head. The facial look of the doll looks ugly and upset. The ears and tail are poorly made and are made of cheap felt material. The ears are also poorly made that they limp and do not stand straight up like the image. Also the ears are wrinkly and do not contain wireframe but has a small it of plastic that is less then half way in the center ear. DO NOT BUY. WASTE OF MONEY. Recommend buying from etsy or a someone that hand makes the doll. Hope this helps Pokemon fans.
Not good  Only speaks Japanese and is barely 4 inches tall
Even this cheap--still not worth it.  You have to be quite old to be able to work this toy.  Being able to put your fingers in the arms and shoot it off takes some coordination that the average under five tike is not going to have.  And --except as an adult gag gift--no older child would want this as it is childish.  So I wouldn't buy it again.
Not what I expected for the price, extremely small
The description was very unclear.  Only ONE toy is included, not all 4 characters as shown.
I wouldn't recommend this product at all  My daughter received this for her birthday.  At first she was so excited because Olaf had come to life.  But the batteries quickly drained from this product we then replaced them and it wouldn't work anymore.  I wouldn't recommend this product at all.
Low-Quality,  Ripped apart in a week, rounded base has a small sharp point sticking out.
It's smaller then I figured
Says none of the phrases it advertises in the info and the box. I bought this for my son because its his favorite movie and I'm not even going to show him that it makes sounds because all it is is Oh laughing. Really disappointed.
It'd just ok.
Disney Frozen 9 inch plush figure olaf  If I could rate it zero stars, that's what I would have done. The arms were all bent up and it looked as though it had been used. I spent close to 40.00 for this and I didn't even give it to my grand daughter.
Cheap quality  It had a hole in the neck, BIG one, and the feet were very uneven. Crap quality, I was disappointed because this was suppose to be my Daughter's Santa Gift
GOOD DAY, BUT NOT RECEIVED MY WORK PROPERLY FURBY  GOOD DAY, BUT NOT RECEIVED MY WORK PROPERLY FURBY. PLACE BATTERIES AND LIGHT BUT MAKES NO SOUND AND EYES ARE ON WHITE. JUST MOVE... I LIVE IN VENEZUELA THEREFORE CAN NOT RETURN. CAN WE DO?  BEST REGARDS  FRANCISCO.
I was very disappointed in the size of Tec  I was very disappointed in the size of Tec. Maybe I should have paid close attention to measurements! It's cute but another stuffed item, my grandson would have liked it with wheels that roll like Tec. Not worth the $20 plus dollars it cost me.
Insane pricing  I'm very unhappy with this product because I had it in my cart to buy for my children for Christmas. It was 12.99 and when I went to purchase it the price hopped to 49.99. There was no way I was buying this for $50! It held that price and went out of stock. Price gauging? You betcha.
Disappointment  This toy arrived in dirty, beat-up packaging that looked like it had been around the block a few times,  and some sort of brown liquid had been spilled down inside it.  (Not the shipping box,  but the packaging). And,  the toy didn't work,  ie,  no sound.  So I sent it right back.  Amazon's service on the return was flawless.
Very disappointed, the eyes said they lit up but they didn't work! Very sad birthday boy.
Grandson really like them
The pikachu i received it was nothing similar from the one in display;  its just ok, but apparently is random ; not recommendable at all
Way smaller than advertised. Seems like the seller is trying to get our money and hope we don't bother with a refund.
They are $12 in the disney store. Way over priced
Would not recommend this Olaf for a child  Totally disappointed in this Olaf. It's half the size I could have swore the description said, and it's covered in some sort of glitter fabric, " which the picture does not show" ! And his black buttons and arms look cheap and about to fall off.... Unfortunately it's the Friday before Christmas and I won't be able to find another one instead, so I'll have to Keep it and gift it .. just kinda embarrassed to ...
Came in oddly shipped (vacuum packed) and had a small hole in the arm. It's cute but not sure it's the money.
Bait and switch.  The first Elmo we ordered was great. Authentic Sesame Street with quality material. We reorder s the exact same Elmo from Gund and was sent this counterfeit piece of crap. Complete bait and switch.  In the photos the Elmo on the left was the first one we got. The Elmo on the right is the second one. It's not even close to the quality of the first in regards to eyes, material, and stitching. The second Elmo's fur easily falls out and the cardboard shaping the mouth is cut real cheaply and sharp on corners.
This arrived in the mail with a weird smell, definitely used and looks worn. Very cute but don't appreciate someone using this and then mailing it to me.
NOT THE PLUSH FROM SUPERMARIOLOGAN  THIS IS NOT THE PLUSH FROM SUPERMARIOLOGAN! I bought it and it was completely wrong, it's way too cheap, and the appearance is a lot more different, it looks a lot different than from the picture! DO NOT BUY IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THE BLACK YOSHI FROM LOGAN!
TEENY TINY  THESE ARE ABOUT AS SMALL AS A GUMMI BEAR...(POETIC LICENSE)
Buyers Beware!!!  The Princess Poppy doll we received is not a "Hug and Plush" troll doll. It is an obvious knockoff. The attached picture shows a legit hug and plush Branch doll. The tag the Princess Poppy doll came with says DJ Suki too. Terrible scam!
Inconsistent seller.  Ordered both Abby cadabby and Elmo and very disappointed that they are two completely different sizes/styles. Elmo is much bigger, floppier, and fuzzier. While Abby cadabby is a few inches smaller and very stiff. Not cuddly at all.
Item arrived not only dirty, but this has to be the ugliest Tinkerbell doll on the market.  It would have scared my 2 year old grandchild had I given it to her.  The picture does not realistically portray how the doll actually looks.
Looked absolutely nothing like the picture advertised  Looked absolutely nothing like the picture advertised. Still a cool plush but not if you expect it to look like the picture. I was very disappointed.
False advertising not 18 count!  I just opened the bag and only 13 are in the bag. The count in the description is 18, that is not what I received. I'm giving these as gifts for Christmas, to late to exchange in time. Buyer beware.
So disappointed!  This is TINY!  It's about the size of my hand.  It's not worth $19, maybe $5.  So disappointed!
so soft  Look, I was gonna go easy on you and not to hurt your feelings But I'm only going to get this one chance Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble, And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances You were just what the doctor ordered
NOT AS ADVERTISED!!  This product is NOT a talking Inside Out Plush Joy Doll. It seems to have been mislabeled, as the sticker on the doll's tag states it is talking; however, it clearly is not. I will be returning, just a bit disappointed as I was hoping this would be a Christmas present for my child.
Not as pictured  The tiger I received did not look like the tiger in the picture. The nose was squashed and off center. The markings were different giving the tiger a curious surprised/sad look. It also did not sit up properly. Pretty disappointing considering all the positive reviews this tiger has gotten from other customers. This guy is going back today!
Fake. Don't waste your money.  Authentic Pikachu on Left Fake Pikachu on Right  Generic! I would never spend $40 on a plushie unless it was an authentic item from the real manufacturer. The quality of this plushie compared to an actual Pokemon Center Plushie is embarrassing. Bad stitching, misshapen head, painted mega stone, fake Pokemon Center tag, and plastic bits embroidered in the eyes. Don't waste your money.
Cheaply made knock off that was coming apart straight out of the  package.  Go with the higher priced one.
I do not recommend.  Used batteries constantly. I do not recommend.
Not as pictured  The product is not as pictured. It looks much cheaper and more warped in person. Very misleading. The black parts are painted on, and cracked. I was going to give this to someone as a gift, but will probably just throw it away. :(
It's in centimeters, not inches. Sure it's cute, but it's not $10 cute.
Disappointed!  I was very disappointed with my purchase.  Picture shows the official RED tag but my product has a white tag.  Description claims its 6 inches...it's way bigger.  Also, the body of the stuffed animal I received looks much different than what is pictured. Not soft like my other official products....this one is stiff.
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE  UPDATE I have been dealing with V Tech over this toy for 9 months.  They have had the defective one for 5 months and do not have a replacement and are refusing to refund the amount I paid.  This is the worst customer service I have ever dealt with.  They do not communicate with the customer and you have to keep contacting them every step to resolve an issue.  Original review  We bought this for my youngest child's birthday.  The toy was easy to program and he loved it.  He took it everywhere and loves interacting with it.  That said, the standby power button in the ear stopped making enough contact to turn on in standby mode after less the 2 months.  We changed batteries and it still works if you us the volume switch inside the toy to turn it on.  I contacted customer service and stated the issue specifically and was treated like and was told to turn the power on  to make the toy work in stand by mode (it was already on).  After a few emails I finally got them to agree to fix the toy as low big as I paid for shipping costs and insurance.  That ends up being the same cost as just purchasing a new replacement.  When I told them this I received no response.  So much for standing behind your product since a toy should not break that fast when used by the target audience.
MADE IN CHINA!!!!  The description states that the product is made in USA. False! The tag says Made in China. For that price I could get five cuter toys made in China. Polyester filled just like other stuffed toys. Save money on this one because it is not even that cute. Arrived in clear plastic bag. Looks cheap.
Smaller than expected and very cheaply made.
Came apart after 3 days  Not very happy right now. We have had this for 3 days and the yellow strap has already come apart. My 17 month old loves this toy. For the price it should be made better than this.
poor quality  The plush is definitely not 12 inch; it is more about 5 or 6 inch. The quality is bad. The black stripes on the plush were just simply pained over the yellow. I would not recommend it to anyone.
Do not buy!!! When I received this it looked like another dog had already used it and the "fur/hair" was falling out everywhere!
the delivered items are not like the close-up pictures  As noted elsewhere, the delivered items are not like the close-up pictures.  This IS NOT the high-quality X/Y set of Eevee; the labels on the received items are not the TOMY-branded ones we have seen in stores in our area.  The quality is okay, but it was a disappointment to receive something other than the items shown.  To reiterate, this listing is not a fantastic deal on the well-crafted current set of Eevee toys presented by TOMY.  This is a decent price on a cheaper, mid-level presentation.  The group photo may represent the actual items, but the individual pictures are most certainly not of items in this set.
cheap, ear were in the wrong position. returned!
Tiny and not worth it.  MUCH smaller than I expected. I was very disappointed. But, it is still very cute, so I use it as a decoration on my shelf.
Generic Vending machine toy, not actual Pokmon  Very deceptive. Should not have the word Pokmon in the title when this is not an actual Pokmon stuffed animal. At best, it is vending machine quality, poor construction and very dissatisfied with this product
Klingon Sash Causes Product Damage Too Easily  The red shirt was much more durable than this toy.  The Klingon Sash is a non-plush, harder material that easily pulls away from the plush.  I've sewed it three times already...it was ripped after day 1.  It's in the garbage now because I can't keep trying to connect that sash.  The Red shirt is a much better option for durability and life.
Minecraft Plush Set  I thought it was ridiculously overpriced.  Maybe for a small child it would be "cute," but it's being advertised to pre-teens, and it's just not worth it.
Broken vs Possessed  Our 2 year old daughter received this for her 2nd birthday (April 2016). We put this toy away for awhile because her little hands weren't quite strong enough to squeeze his tummy on his own, so this meant she required our help to play with it. So for our mental well being, we put it away unless a baby sitter or her grandparents (who bought it in the first place) were coming over, so they could be tortured, I mean, help her play with it. A few months later, she was strong enough to play with it by herself. However, after only a few short uses, the mouth quit working. If we physically made his mouth start to move, his voice tone changed to a very demonic sounding tone that scared her, and frankly, us too. We changed the batteries thinking this would solve the problem. However, it unfortunately did not. Seeing no other way to fix the broken Elmo issue (other than a possible cleansing and exorcism), Elmo sadly ended up in the green bin outside destined for a smelly grave with the city trash. I would not recommend spending your money on this toy as I noticed other reviews with the same problem. You'll find your money wasted or paying double for a new one (which we refuse to do). She really seemed to enjoy it once she was able to play with it on her own, but if you knew how little she actually played with it before it broke, you would not waste your money.
Sorry, Elmo.  As a parent, this Elmo will easily start to agitate you, so be warned. There is no volume control and once your child stops interacting with him, he keeps repeating himself every so many seconds to remind you he's still there. My child is 2, almost 3, and lost interest quickly. She was more interested in his moving mouth than what he was actually saying.
Did not receive complete product.  I only received one plush toy and it should be a set.
not satisfied  I am not pleased with the product didn't know the size would be this small and the overall quality of the product is unimpressive. only plus look like Dora.
Vader in picture is NOT the Vader I received.  Not that I didn't like the plush in general; I loved the idea of THIS Darth Vader. BUT... I DID NOT RECEIVE THIS SPECIFIC DEFORMED ONE. I got a Vader with a "flat face" and the details PRINTED on it, not 3D-ish like the one on the picture. And I really wanted to feel the details.  So: no, I did not like my order. I wanted this one and not the one I got (returning is not an option, since I live in Belgium). After trying to look up the one I received, I found out it's not on the site, so I find it a curious mistake. (My BF liked his present, though.)  May you all be giving the one pictured and not Darth Faker; after all you paid for it.
its so derpy
Stitching loose in areas
Not a good learning tool  This is not a good teaching tool at all. My first complaint is that you're supposed to bend his legs and sit him on the toilet when he asks you to, but most of the time he'll just keep asking you to put him on the potty until he pees and says he had an accident. This doesn't send a good message that peeing on the potty is an accident.  Secondly, he'll sing the same happy song whether he goes in the potty successfully or not, granted with different words, but it's not a clear difference. I'm not saying he should make the kid depressed when he isn't successful, but maybe only sing the song when he is, otherwise there's no sense of reward.
It's nothing like the picture and looks so janky  I honestly don't even know what this is. It's nothing like the picture and looks so janky.
I love this elephant  I love this elephant, but I completely agree with all the people questioning why it literally doubled in price overnight.  I was going to buy another one, but now I won't.  Too expensive now!  Bring the price back down, and I will get another.  It is a very cute elephant, but it is not worth $16.  They have lost a lot of business from making the price so high...I hope they read the comments since there is a lot of people saying they would have bought more if the price had not gone up.
It was poorly packaged, and the doll's head was stitched such that it was permanently askew.  The stitching around her throat looked macabre.
Her eyes are stickers.
FAKE, looks alright but not authentic
Wow. I got Dr. Who.  Wow.  I got Dr. Who.wtf
Quite disappointed.  This Olaf doesn't tell jokes..it sings and only in Spanish which wouldn't have been a problem except that my granddaughter does not speak spanish. Quite disappointed.
Soft and cute but a bit pointless.  This is just a stuffed animal with a few beads in its tear end. Not impressed for the money. The concept is nice but seems to be able to be done with any stuffed anaimal.
The tail has fallen off, and had to sewn back on
Very Disapointed  This Plush is much more smaller than I thought, I'm thinking the seller sent me the wrong size, because 1 of the reviewers have an image and mine looks nothing like that. My Mickey looks like an old man! I'm in the process of returning it. There's better ones out there.
It's not the quality I was expecting  for almost $10 the mustache comes apart and pieces fall out when you touch it
Computer malfunction  It stutters and won't work every piece the same thing over and over and over do not recommend this whatsoever
Very Disappointed  This Elmo was a very skinny and poorly stuffed toy.  Very disappointed in it and returned it shortly after getting it. Wouldn't recommend it for any age child.
didn't work.  no visible way to change a battery.  terrible
it's "voice" sounded like it was singing underwater  I ordered this toy for a Christmas present for my daughter. She had a Rudolph that sang "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" for a couple of years, but she played with it so much that she wore it out and it quit singing. When I saw this, I was really excited. When I received it, it's "voice" sounded like it was singing underwater. I was pretty disappointed, but my daughter likes it anyway.
Zipper is not strong enough for a backpack.
Very Disaponited  not so much with the toy it self its cute but im disapointed with the quality of what i got 1)there is a sticker on his hand telling you pretty much "Talk" so oviously the push button well that sticker was half way falling off as if someone had been pushing it allot ended up taking it off well now i have nasty sticky glue on his hand that i cant get off 2)when he talks it sounds as if the speaker it self is blown it crackles alot 3)it was missing the baterries the battery cover was off it was with the product but it was off, i thought maybe it wasn't supposed to come with the toy but looked at the description on the bottom of the toy it self and it reads "requires 3xAA batteries(included) so somewhere along the line those went missing 4) the box is taped up keeping it from falling apart the shipping box is clean it looks new so i know it wasn't from being shipped  and may i include that when i bought the product it said NEW on the sticker on the toy it sais NEW and honestly it looks like i bought it at a garage sale, very disapointed with the condition of the toy i cant use this as a birthday pressent like i was planning on doing with it.
too strange !  very odd verbal; goes from sweet female voiced furby to low male voiced who say very rude and weird (kind of dark) things.  My granddaughter who really wanted this for Christmas rarely deals with this thing.  She is disappointed!  She usually puts it to sleep.
Doesn't match product picture or description  The product I received clearly doesn't match the product in the photo.  It appears to be a 2012 model that is smaller and worse quality.  You can see in the picture that the stitching is bad and coming undone, the face is pointing downward and I could not manipulate it to stay up.
Its way smaller than I expected definitely for $8.99 
The item wasn't as lage as I expected. Since it was described as a pillow:
Product was a lot smaller than expected
We saw one at at the store and we loved it but it was expensive  This product is fake. We saw one at at the store and we loved it but it was expensive. We decided to buy this one from amazon and it looked ugly and my son hated it!
Toy had issues with voice box.  Toy had issues with voice box. Does not work when nose is pulled just says things when shaken or moved
Buyer beware  This pillow is a joke, not even close to 8 inches, more like 6 inches. It is tiny!! Even too small for a baby. I bought the strawberry and it was huge, almost 16 inches for less money!!
looks nothing like the picture  Bought from Anime Corner. They are knockoffs, looks nothing like the picture.
Buy two frozen dolls or Jinja, your choice.  its not worth the 25.  but I bought it anyways as it was the only thing that my daughter asked Santa for. Basically a 25 dollar IAP considering how hard and heavy handed this game was pushed. Also, I suspect the fleece used is not thick enough to last.  Comparable Disney merchandise is 15. Both are made in China.
not worth the price  It's advertised as a set of six, but you only receive one. Not worth the cost to return either. The item is nicely package and is otherwise as described, but not worth the price for only one.
Extremely ugly..  This is an extremely ugly plush toy.  This brightly colored Frankensteinish mish-mash of a toy may go over big with the toddler set; however, it repulsed my five year old.  The toy repulsed me.  For the first time ever, a gift received is going directly to the donate pile.  I strongly suggest you purchase this toy only when specifically requested by the intended's parent.
We were so sadly disappointed. The unicorn is so small and not fully  Purchased this product as a gift for my daughters friend who loves unicorns and Despicable Me. We were so sadly disappointed. The unicorn is so small and not fully, it looks like a cheap toy you would get out of a skill crane machine. I would not recommend this product at all unless you want it for decorative reasons but if you are looking for a fluffy stuffed toy to cuddle with go elsewhere because this is not it! The stitching looks cheap and not straight at all its very uneven, the colors are not vibrant and clean they look almost old and faded.
Tiny and not worth the $$$  MUCH smaller than I expected. I was very disappointed. But, it is still very cute, so I use it as a decoration on my shelf.
Does not look like the picture at all  Don't buy from Nicole Hampton, it's not an Original TOMY plush. The item received does not look the same as the one sent to me. It's a FAKE, TOMY brand. The Color of the snorlax is light green and the claws are small. Does not look like the picture at all. It's cheaper but it's not worth it.
The plush I received is definitely cute, but the face and gills are asymmetrical.
The shirt and the stitches are not like the one I got from my daughter  I think I got fake one. The  doll doesn't have nots on ears. The shirt and the stitches are not like the one I got from my daughter. The button to press is very hard.  The little machine doesn't have ribbon to tide in the body. Don't get me wrong it does the job but I got knock off product. I don't even want to give one star.
flying monkey review  My 13-lb. Schnauzer tore the hard plastic nose off, in half, right away and was chewing the eyes off, too, when I took it away from him.  The monkey is a lot of fun, but I think it could be a choking hazard for small children.
This is no way worth it.  Other reviews giving this toy 5 stars must not be legit.  This plush toy is way less than 11" big and no way worth $50.
Way too small for the price
Very Disappointed!!  The idea of this was cute...but when I received the kitties I was very disappointed!!! They really don't look like cats at all, more like a mixture of a wolf/rat/dog! I was really disappointed with not only the way they looked, but that when they came there wasn't a tiger striped kitten like in the picture...but a calico instead! I sent this back!
It means nothing when you say it has 5 funny one-liners if I can't understand any of them  For $26.99, would at least expect to be able to understand what it is saying. It means nothing when you say it has 5 funny one-liners if I can't understand any of them. Chantilly usually does better; have bought many of their singing dolls before.  This is way too expensive for a one time gag! Very disappointing.
soooooo not what it looks like in the picture!!  Very disappointed!!
Nothing like what was pictured.  Completely Unacceptable.  I knew this was going to be small, but what I received was NOTHING like what was pictured.  It is the most scraggly looking thing I have ever seen.  You can barely see the face, the fur is a mess, it is skinny, the feet look different, it just looks completely different.  It's almost like they ran out and substituted it with a completely different product.  I wish I could upload a photo of what I got to show how much it DOES NOT look like what is pictured.
bad buy  First this item took longer than was said to arrive, a week and a half after it was said to arrive given a total of almost a month of wait time. Then When it did arrive the item looked nothing like it does in the picture. Poorly made and the face is distorted. My son did not like it at all.
Not Gund  The Elmo that we recieved does not say "Gund" anywhere on the label. It says "Nanco" and "sesame street." I'm very disappointed and would like to hear from the seller before I return it as to why it was advertised as Gund.
Difference in what is pictured and described, and what you get,  I can't remember when the last time I ever gave one star, if ever. I collect foxes and what I got was not as listed or pictured. That is the reason for the one star. I guess it's cute and will fit in with the rest of the skulk, but to the matter of reasons for the one star score. It is listed as being 8" high. If you count to the tip of the ear, it's 8" top of the head, 7". Very small. The picture shows whiskers, none on this little one, and the mouth and nose are not as pictured. The left front leg is a wee bit shorter than the right so it's a little unstable when standing (sitting) also shipping took longer than expected. It was ordered as prime shipping on March 3, and arrived on March 9. According to the tracking, it left seller facility on a Monday and took till Wednesday to get to the carrier. Perhaps I will return it and let them try again.
I like the plush my only issue is that it could be a bigger talking plush
Used and abused!!!  I was deeply disappointed with this product. My son is a huge fan of Mario and all of the characters. I was purchasing this for his birthday and was in disbelief how awful this was. I was shipped a used and very poorly taken care of plush. It was squeezed into a miniature hard plastic bag so it was quite deformed when I took it out. Then to top it off it had what appears to be permanent marker on the back of his head and hair and 3 stripes down his back!! No tag on the item. Clearly used and abused!! Not at all like it was pictured. Returning this right away! Now my son will not have this in time for his birthday. I don't know how they couldve sent me this item in this condition!! Wouldve gave 0 stars if it allowed me to.
Does not work at all  Sound box does not work. Tried 4 sets of new batteries but nothing.  Such a shame it cost more to return than its worth
It was to small
Disappointed  I bought 2 of these and neither worked after a week!  And I changed the batteries, too!
Not the same as the picture.  The title explains it all. It is a plush toy, but there are many visible stitches all over the toy, even across the face. I wouldn't recommend getting this toy if you want a cute pikachu, because the given product is much more hideous than it is shown here on amazon.
Bad quality  Can tell the quality of the plush is not good at all.  Would not recommend to other kids.  second time ordering the plush of turbo and the first one had problem with eyes are in wrong position.
Most of these are fakes!  Kamek plush we received was a fake.  The glasses have a glued on reflective surface, the colors are weak, and he's just not as cute as the one pictured.  Will likely return.
Makes it seemed maybe used and not as nice to give as a gift without a tag  This Snorlax is clearly pictured with a tag attached to him. I bought mine from the company Sole Trader and there was no tag attached. Makes it seemed maybe used and not as nice to give as a gift without a tag.
Poor quality build, face is very hard to see.
Excellent toy but not durable  This Elmo is excellent, by 2 year old and 8 year old thoroughly enjoyed when they saw this Elmo in action. In the evening, they kept the Elmo in the toy room and in the morning, the Elmo will not close its mouth. Every other function was good except the mount will not close. Seriously, after spending around 50 dollars, who would want a defective product, thus I returned it. Return was very easy,
Dora  The doll was made cheaply and so little  that she does not play with it lately. It is lost easy for a three year old.
Costs more than advertised  My daughter loved this authentic-sounding bird until the batteries died, and alas, the mockingbird would not sing. Due to a verbal contract I had entered into with my dear sweet child, I was sent into a debt-spiral of purchasing progressively expensive and inexplicably shoddy products.
Do not buy. Does not work! Deserves no stars.  Bought this for Christmas and it worked for a few minutes and then stopped. Replaced batteries and still won't work. I can't return because I bought it in sept.
Liked it but battery was dead before Christmas.
Cheap, cheap, cheap!  After just the first day of gentle use, the head started ripping off! It was only held for a few minutes here and there and stays mostly unplayed in the bed.
Itty Bitty Expensive  For the price it couldn't be beat, until I received a stuffed beanie baby that fit into a ziplock sandwich bag.  Disappointed.
Not what it appears to be.  I was not a fan of this stuffed animal. Here are my reasons:  1. It was a different color in person than in the picture. In person it is a dusky dark orange with dark grey stripes. It also has very dark grey ears. Overall the colors were just much darker and not attractive. Especially together.  2. It was not soft. At all. It looks like it's going to be soft and floppy in person but it's not. It is floppy, but it is extremely stiff. The body and arms and legs are almost hard... in a softish way. I guess I can't explain that. It's not cuddly, is the bottom line. A stuffed animal should be cuddly.  The socks were okay. They were just regular socks, in size 6+ months, I would guess. There are 4 pairs total, the fox is holding 3 pairs and wearing 1.  I returned this almost immediately after opening it. It's not really a toy for a baby, more of a shelf decoration for a nursery.
Miyim doesn't care about quality, these will fall to pieces in no time.  I recently purchased both this Winnie the Pooh and also Eeyore from Miyim (Greenpoint Brands). When they arrived I was shocked by the poor quality of both stuffed animals. Miyim claims their toys are durable, washable, and heirloom quality (and maybe that was once the case) but the animals we received were falling apart at the seams (literally) within a few days. The stuffed animals have not been through the washer or dryer and my children are very gentle with stuffed animals ( we have had absolutely no hole problems ever with any other stuffed toy). After less than a week Winnie the Pooh has 3 holes along his neck line and Eeyore has holes along the seam of his leg, and nose and also a third hole right  in the middle of the fabric.  I do a fair amount of sewing and I noticed a few reasons for the quality issues: 1. Miyim is sewing too close to the edge of the fabric, leaving NO seam allowance. Most likely they are trying to cut back on fabric costs by using less without altering size (this cannot be done without sacrificing structural integrity). 2. The fabric/material on it's own is very weak and falls apart easily. 3. The toys are overstuffed (not as big a deal as the first 2 issues) and taking the previous problems into account the stuffing is putting a lot of pressure on the fabric and seams which just aren't strong enough to hold up to it.  Unless Miyim seriously improves their quality (and could prove it to me) I would never recommend a Miyim product to anyone, they are sure to only leave your children disappointed (and you out $20), For now I am attempting to patch my kid's Miyim toys as best I can but I don't expect them to be salvageable for long and then I'll have to deal with the sadness and disappointment of my children when there's just not enough secure fabric left to mend.
C is for cra_  Would have been much better as a plush toy- at least there would have been no expectations.  I should read reviews before I buy stuff- hopefully you do also because I would have held off buying maybe but I got it on an Amazon special for $5 shipped so I can't complain.  Cookie monster stands at about 7" tall which is tiny (HA HA)  Cookie monster doesn't sing- he barely talks at all. First off when you squeeze his belly he goes "lets sing together" "Ahem" "La" (all in A-B-C-D-E-F-G....Z tones) "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La" "La"  If you squeeze him again he will sing  "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me" "Me"  I thought this toy would be somewhat educational and sing children songs or something but this is purely a entertainment toy for your tot. Might keep them entertained for a little while so purchase at your own risk.
DO NOT ORDER!!  Like others, I received a tinkerbell doll that looks nothing like this doll. Was very disappointed as I had ordered to go with a gift of the Little Mermaid. Instead of the trouble of sending it back, we kept it, but super disappointed.
Dont waste your time.  Very disappointed with this item. Not the right size and barely any stuffing in it. Poorly made. I want my money back on this, was supposed to be a present but its an embarrassment.
I'm sure other children might love this, but my son played with it for all of 5 minutes and never went back to it. Today I put it into a box to get rid of it. From a parental point of view, I think it's a great way to help (very) little children with their fine motor skills.
Not for a Child Over that could tell Good from Bad!  Terrible quality, mush not plush!  The design should have at least have a frame within to support this awful excuse for a plane.  I only gave it a star because the review demands one to upload otherwise it doesn't deserve even 1 star.
Hats break too easily for 2 year old to put on and off.
Cookie was Dead on Arrival...  I'd love to tell you that this was great fun for my two year old, but alas, the Playskool Sesame LET'S ROCK! Singing Cookie Monster was dead on arrival. Changing batteries didn't solve the problem, so I put it aside to return it, as my daughter was a big fan of the Let's Rock Elmo and this supposedly interacts with that. Well, Elmo broke the following week, and Let's Rock! Singin' Cookie Monster was being played with, despite his defective nature, so that never happened. Ultimately, I was more disappointed than my daughter, but that doesn't change the fact that Cookie was a lemon.
I thought it wouldn't be too small like everyone has said  Don't buy it. I thought it wouldn't be too small like everyone has said, but it's extremely small. About the size of my hand to give you a visual.
Arrived completely smashed and with a hole in the ear.
one blue and the other pink and this is a sad version of it  Just no. My daughter who is now 10 had (has) 2 of these as a baby; one blue and the other pink and this is a sad version of it. I purchased it for a baby shower gift and I will have to send it back. 1. It looks odd; definitely not the same face or body of the 2007 version I purchased  2. It has a weird smell. 3. The music is not what I would consider lullabies; my 10 year old said its a mixture of wedding and funeral music 3. Why is it in this plastic bag? Where is the original packaging? I could never give a item to a first time parent a gift that was in a plastic bag.  Overall, I'm sad to say I may have to purchase the Seahorse, but I will keep an eye out for the better quality Gloworm.
Extremely disappointed  The only thing more disappointing than the quality and misleading advertisement of this overly priced item is the fact that I bought 2 of them. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Very disappointing, the head had a very odd shape.
It has a frightening sound.  Definitely not a child's you
Not what I expected.
Misshapen. I have to pay more attention to the dimensions of these things. Way smaller than I thought it'd be fit this price.
Poor quality  It is made of very cheap materials. I am pretty sure it's a fake. Don't recommend buying this.
Way too small and too skinny for 8"  They're way too small and too skinny for 8" plush toys. I was expecting something as plush and big as the Barnacles plush I ordered with these. These are going back.
The item looks nothing like the pictures  I was sent a cheap Chinese knock off of the Tomy Charmander. Not a real Tomy Pokemon Nintendo product. The item looks nothing like the pictures. Coloring is off as well as the shape of the body and face. Clearly a fake.
Too small  Too small
Disappointed  I ordered this item twice and both times it came with just the small (calf) elephant. I never received the mother elephant in either order I placed
For the price, this was very disappointing. Picture looked cute, but was expecting a plushy, somehow missed that it was a clip-on. Would never have bought it.
When they said "pull-apart", I thought the pieces actually came apart but they don't. There is velcro and a string between the pieces so they stay together and don't come apart all the way. I think they should have been more specific.
Not what I expected!  Package stuffed in tiny paint can box with no padding or seal. Not the plush toy on the amazon site at all! It was Disney "Resort" not official Disney! Overall bad let down!
His face and legs are so skinny compared to what is shown and I don't understand because the other review pics show that other c  Was not as pictured! His face and legs are so skinny compared to what is shown and I don't understand because the other review pics show that other customers received a beautiful product and mine was....not so much. It looks like he is standing on noodles and his head is so small, it's like a giraffe/hippogriff hybrid. it looks so....derpy...
Cheap. Yes, I knew that when I bought it. Didn't think I would have to sew it up after only a few days, though.
The giftee liked it more than I did  The real thing doesn't do the picture justice. I was disappointed when it arrived, it looked like a cheap knock-off and the quality is definitely not first rate. I'm glad I didn't spend too much for this since it is a classic example of you get what you pay for.  "He looks so defective he's cute'" really doesn't do it for me
What have you done to Waluigi  I was surprised when I received this, to put it lightly. What I got was nothing like the image that the product was supposed to resemble. The nose was, quite literally, made up of a triangle of hot pink felt and two pom poms hot glued to the face. It was so ugly, it was hilarious, but it was definitely not what I expected. I guess it was soft, though.
It was kinda of skinny for what I paid for.
Toy came without a box.  I wanted to give it as a gift - can't without a box!
Refurbished, Not Original Packaging  This did not come in its original packaging and is scuffed and dirty. This is our second glow worm, the first one lasted 2 years but now the face light is starting to go out.  Our daughter loves it so I ordered another, but our original was bought in store. The music on this one is different and is not as smooth or relaxing.  Will be returning.
Cute but small  I don't think you realize just how little it is, until you can hold it in one hand like a tomatoe, it is however great for small children.
Stopped Working after 1 month  my son received this for christmas 2016. It's Jan. 25 2017 and it stopped working. I thought it was the batteries so i spent $9 on batteries and it still won't work. Not sure how to address the issue yet. The item itself is super cute, but it should work.
Better out there  There are other toys out there that are much better. Having to move the mic to Elmo's mouth to get it to play was not that entertaining for my 19 month old.
Not worth the price  Packing was bubble wrap around the toy- not appealing at all. The toy does not seem like it's worth $15.95, more like $6. The seam around the toy is not completely sealed so we haven't tried to use it in the bath tub like it's intended use. I wouldn't buy this item again.
Cute but very small 
Not a good value  I am a avid bird lover and could not resist this cute little bird for my granddaughter for a stocking stuffer.  It is nice as stuffed toys go, but the price is out of line for the quality, I must use the word cheap looking.  I know it is a character from cartoon and such it is over priced.  It should be priced at about six dollars.
I am not really satisfied. When I ordered them it stated that they were the talking teletubbies,but they do not talk.
Really didn't feel like the usual TY material  The material for this beanie really didn't feel like the usual good quality material that Ty toys are usually made of.
Great toy  I have a few of these for both of my kids and they love all of them. They love that they turn into a pokeball to play with and then back into a pokemon animal to cuddle with at night.
No off button  Unless it's in so a secret a place I haven't found it, there is no off button on this. So sleeping with it as indicated in the tv ads is really not realistic. If it accidentally gets rolled around, it literally does scare the hell out of everyone in the house! (sorta funny)  I basically expected tickle-me-elmo in sully form but this isn't anywhere close. Nothing moves as well. You have to really really press hard on the tummy to get him to open and close his mouth. The tummy is the only touchpoint. Our 2 year olds fingers cant do it.  I would return if I could.
Excellent concept, poor execution  I was very excited to get this toy. My 15 month old has been trying to work the buckle on his high chair, and I thought it would be good to get him a toy to work on buckle skills when I'm not trying to feed him. This toy has 3 different types of buckle, and 2 of them seem very sturdy. The 3rd type came broken out of the box and look flimsy enough that even if they arrived whole they would quickly break with typical toddler use.
Awful!  I ordered this item on 03/08/2016 and it did not ship until 03/23/2016. It also did not arrive on time. It was for a gift. To make this purchase even worse, there was a big hole in one of the minions heads underneath the hair. Very unhappy!
Not worth it!  You might be seeing all the TV ads for this product, but I've looked at the real thing, and it's smaller than you see on TV and not very nice. Kids who see TV are going to want it, but save your money for something they will actually use.
Not official and is poorly done  This is a cheap knock off that looks like crap work bad sewing. Don't get this.
I never even got the plush!  I wish I could say that this was an amazing gift to give.. However, I won't even be able to judge it.  I attempted to contact amazon because it said that my item was delivered when it was not!! (I know it may estimate a delivery and may make mistakes but I've been waiting for the package for over a week!)  I could not even select this item when I came to inquire on a refund. I'am greatly disappointed as it is almost Christmas and now out of luck due to budget situations.  All I can say is stay away from Amazon as the seller for this product! I've had great service from them until now and out of all times this is the only way I'am going to be able to contact them.  Hopefully, I'll be able to update this with positive news but until then... SHAME ON YOU AMAZON!!!!!!!!!!!
Tweety  I chose this rating because the item is small, the picture makes them item look larger than what it is.
Very tiny  Very tiny. Not worth the money at all
It's too small, not worth the money!  WAY too small. Embarrassingly small. This would be a rip-off for $10, but for $25 it's a slap in the face.
Don't waste your money  My daughter asked for this for Christmas and I can't believe how much they charge for something so expensive. Looks like it costs 10 cents to make.  It could fit in the palm of my hand.
waste of money  this is small and cheap... not in good shape when i got it... it does not look like the pic at all... mine was flat and not puffy or plush...... i will not order from here again... thank you for your time.... i don't want to return it .. cuz its worth it not to deal with this mistake again........... have a good day
Mehhh  Not as pictured.  Not nearly as cute. We ordered another from a different seller, and it was super cute, and as expected (looked like this picture).  This one also came with a torn hat.  Wouldn't recommend.
WAY TOO EXPENSIVE FOR WHAT IT IS[  received with a kohls tag on it --looks old and used --what a rip off
Very disappointed!  Too small. Not snuggly!
cheap quality
Worked for two minutes Only  Worked for 2 minutes, then totally died.  Bought as a lightning deal from Amazon, and now can't get a replacement without paying an extra $35.  Very disappointing Christmas gift.
Don't buy  It played once then wouldn't play again, even put new batteries in it & nothing.
Not that pleased with this choice  much smaller than I expected .Not that pleased with this choice.  Small hands need a larger buckle.  Priced too high for this item
Don't order this item.  One of the most disappointing things I have ever ordered. After waiting nearly a month to receive it the package was wrapped in a ball of tape. The plush was not completely sewn up in the back. It was supposed to be a 16 inch plush and it was more like 10. My son was extremely upset as this was supposed to be part of his birthday present. Will never order anything like this again.
I'm just so disappointed. My son had been waiting everyday to finally get his Rayquaza but this was what he got. Stuffing coming out of the seams and it was poorly sewn. I cannot believe I paid about $22 for this. And as much as I want to return it my son started crying because he didn't want to wait another week for this so I'm just going to have to fix it for him. I should be the one getting paid for sewing it.
eh  Adorable with fast shipping but sooo small. Pretty disappointed and not really worth the price
Buyer Beware!! Not As Pictured.  The item that was shipped to me was not the item in the picture. I bought this as a replacement for a stuffed animal exactly as pictured, but am very disappointed that the stuffed animal I received isn't close to matching the item in the picture. I am returning this item. I am disappointed also that the pictures of this item offered for sale are so deceiving.
Going through batteries  We Love the Glowworm, however we have to replace the batteries every 2 weeks.  That's pretty extreme considering we only play it twice a day tops.  We have another Glowworm we purchased from another store and those batteries last for months.  Kind of disappointed in the quality.
MUCH smaller than advertised.  As much as I love this, I really want to return it. It was advertised as over a foot tall, and it's the size of a 12 oz. soda can. This thing is ABSOLUTELY TINY. Avoid these. Purchase from the I <3 Eievui collection instead. Double the price, Quadruple the size.
Very disappointed!  Awful knock off! I'm very disappointed in this purchase.  Unfortunately it arrived too late to order an authentic Poppy for a Christmas gift.
The only thing that makes me happy about this item is that my 4-year old niece  The only thing that makes me happy about this item is that my 4-year old niece, for whom I bought it as a Christmas present, loves it just as it is. I am very disappointed that this was not the talking Joy as advertised when I decided to buy it. I thought about returning it but decided just instead to let my niece have the toy since she had already opened it on Christmas day and I didn't want to take it away from her. I would have loved to have given her the talking doll instead, however.
Elmo is NOT friends with XP  Didn't work. And I have the Pooh one too. Neither of the programs downloaded to the dolls from either of my XP machines (one's a laptop, one desktop). And I have an 98 machine that's too old. I REALLY do not want to return them!! I just want them to WORK!! I don't have ANY $$ now to buy something else like this. These were IT for my 3 and 1 1/2 year olds! I even bought them matching Pooh and Elmo slippers. I thought Fisher Price/Mattel was a GOOD toy company. I guess I was wrong! Didn't they TEST this on XP FIRST?? Where's the software patch for this problem?? I'm WAITING!!!!  :::Dec 8, 2006:::  I just wrote one review last night. I have called FP/Mattel and nothing has changed! They suggested replacing the batteries. I did that. Then I re-downloaded BOTH dolls. The only thing now is that is does say "Hello...(my child's name)", but when you push it again, it says about 2 words and then is cut off with some static and nothing further happens. This happened on BOTH of the Pooh AND Elmo dolls on 2 SEPARATE computers. I have Windows XP that has been updated for SP 2. Maybe it's the service pack 2 or even 1 doing the problems. I can remove it from my desktop computer (the NEW laptop from HP has it all integrated) and see if that works. So, maybe with everyone that it works with has vunerable computers since they never update their computers. My 3 yr old saw the Elmo one, and I had to tell him it's broken. Christmas this year will suck for him when he'll get his Elmo slippers and no Elmo doll that he SAW while I was trying to fix it this morning while on the phone with FP today. I even asked for a supervisor. Apparently, they were all too busy and they flagged my "claim" and escalated it to a supervisor. Or so they say. The toys go back tomorrow. I feel like ripping my hair OUT! FP will be VERY busy the day after Christams for those parents that don't program it until Christmas day or eve after FP is closed. Glad I don't work there! LOL! I looked at my reciept..I was mistaken..I wasted over $86 (shipping and tax) on these things. ARGH!!!  :::Dec 12, 2005:::  Update! It broke. I changed the batteries AGAIN! Nope! I Exchanged it for a new one. After trying with the 2 computers at home, I used my husband's work computer WITHOUT ANY service packs. And you know WHAT?!?!  Hot-diggity-DOG! It WORKED!  The other one I have (Pooh) worked the 1st time I tried it with the non-SP2 XP computer.  A FP/Mattel supervisor DID get back with me. I described to her the events and she said that they are aware of it and will pass my info that I provided onward. She is sending me a voucher (for a future FP/Mattel toy) for my troubles. It pays to be insistant! (Others may have called me a different name, LOL!)
Gizmo  This was a present for my son who has never played with this toy because the EARS on it are so hard they poke you.  I would not recommend this toy for any child.
Neck came broken
Fake over priced Pokmon plush
Broken upon arrival...  Cute concept and size but disappointed that one was broken upon arrival.
So sad  was schocked as to how small this is, the button to make sing is so hard to find, my three year old grand daughter cries, because it hard to find.....
Not worth the price  *Update* I went to Target today and saw all of the characters in this set for $8  When I bought Hei Hei it cost around $15, but now I see it's $24. That's insane! It's definitely not the 11 inches the picture says it is. I would say it's around 8 inches. I also think calling it a bean plush is a misnomer. It is stiff and not very soft. I returned it because it wasn't worth what I paid, forget about how much it costs now! Your money is better spent elsewhere.
Overpriced for the size  I bought this toy for my son first birthday. I thought (my mistake should have read the reviews) the toy was a lot larger for the price. Its about the size of your hand and the roar on ours didn't work. In the photo you will see a comparison of the toy (which cost 12 bucks before shipping) and a toy i bought at TJ Maxx for 6 bucks. Definitely disappointed.
it was broken. very dissapointed
VERY SMALL!  Very small.
unsatissfied  you will wait months! not satisfied!
Even my 4 year old noticed it is the wrong color and does not look like a walnut  The walnut from plants vs zombies is suppose to be brown.  This was yellow!  Not even close to the right color!  Even my 4 year old noticed it is the wrong color and does not look like a walnut!!
Horrible! Knock-off toy made in China. Voice is not even Barney, tag says "fire-fighter Barney". Got reimbursed.
Disappointed.  Doesn't work at all, not even with replacing the batteries. NOT worth the 30 bucks. Disappointed.
Looks nothing like the photo, "NOT FOR RESALE" tag attached.  What I received looks nothing like the photo. The tag says "For prize only: NOT FOR RESALE", so I don't even know if the product was obtained legally.  There are some reviewers with 5 stars, but I noticed that some have only reviewed this one doll. I'm reporting this to Amazon.
Very disappointed.  This is how it came out of the bag completely ripped apart.
TERRIBLE  I bought this for my sons 8th birthday.  And I couldn't be more disappointed.  While it does stretch, it doesn't stretch very far. My son is your average size 8 year old. And when he went to stretch his arms out to his side, the arm ripped off at the seam. So now I have a two hour old one armed ninja turtle and a very upset little boy.  I would not recommend this toy!
Fake toy. Bootleg.  If you're thinking of getting a legit pokedoll, don't look here. These are fake, bootlegs from china. The distinguishing factor is the colour on the doll is off and the font on the tag of the doll is wrong. After the words GAME FREAK it is missing the period. The product is not what is advertised and I will be asking for a refund.
I like it but I thought it was bigger.
Cheap quality  Very cheap toy. Wanted looked for this you everywhere . Once I got it for my daughter I was very disappointed in the quality.
Item was dirty out of the package battery was hanging out item didn't work
OVER PRICED
Oddly placed Disney tag made me return it  The product that I received, while still cute, wasn't 100% accurate with the photo. The image shows the Disney logo embroidered on Stitch's foot, and the one I received had a poorly placed tag with the Disney logo printed on it. I would have been okay with the tag if it had been in the back with the others, but this one was on his belly. Since these "identical" items are supplied by multiple vendors, I returned this one to 'In Demand Toys' and have another one on the way from another source. I hope it's the Stitch that's shown, or I'll return the second one too and try for a third.
Looks horrible worst quality will not buy again
I only received 6 of them. Larry was not included.
Not as good as the photo  Looked different from the photo. Shape & proportion is a little off.
Thank God it was on sale so I didn't waste too much money  Amazon deals threw this at me while I was searching for an Elmo toy. Thank God it was on sale so I didn't waste too much money. Way too short and skinny to be of much cuddling use for anyone under 2.
It smells like burning garbage, not bacon  I can't believe I spent $10 on this.  It smells like burning garbage, not bacon.  The smell is so strong we had to double zip lock bag it.  I took it to work to prank some of my buddies, so it was good for that since they were expecting bacon and got a nose full of smoldering trash.  It even made a green beret gag and dry heave.  What a huge disappointment and waste of $10.  If my kid had not destroyed the package, I would have returned this in the first 30 seconds of opening it.  If the manufacturer wants to contact me about this I would appreciate the customer service.
Be forewarned, this doll is TINY! Not worth the inflated cost.
it was like a keychain  Was not how described, it was like a keychain
SMALL SMALL SMALL!!!  This is proof that one needs to read the complete item description before purchasing. I was not under the impression this doll was so tiny.  The description says huggable. It Is by no means huggable unless you are a newborn. My daughter is 9 and there is no way this doll is huggable. I am extremely disappointed and I would send it back except for the fact that I have to ship it to China and will probably have to pay for that. So I'll go to Target or Walmart or a local store around here and see if I can get a decent-sized doll that truly is huggable. Take a look at my pictures to have an idea how small this doll really is. I used the ketchup bottle so that most people would be familiar with the size of that item and then compare it to this doll. I am truly disappointed in this purchase. And it was a Christmas present no less. I don't even think I can give it to my daughter.
Horrible Junk  A  horrible item. Don't waste your money.
one of the eyes came torn
Overpriced and rediculous wasste of money toy.
I suppose I could clip the strings but then it would just flop down and not stand out like the one pictured  I knew not getting the one pictured was a possibility and sure enough it's not the one pictured and instead one you can get at any old walmart. The tail is different and sewn to the body. I suppose I could clip the strings but then it would just flop down and not stand out like the one pictured. I'll be returning it.
5" plush is only 3"  This thing is tiny.  We paid a lot of money for a 3" plush.  The only reason I gave it any stars is that my son likes the toy, but this is definitely false advertising.
We should have read reviews before buying this. The body is completely flat, no stuffing at all. It is not as it appears in the photo. We returned it.
Poor Quality, Fair Item  It is more of a waste of money than anything. Maybe if you won this at a carnival it would make more since to spend time and money on. The sounds it makes are so quiet no one can hear it or make out what it is saying and Olaf is made with really poor quality materials and poor craftsmanship. Just a waste of money.
Not happy, but merry Christmas to my child I guess  Seems smaller, no box, think it's a Chinese fake version.  Not happy, but merry Christmas to my child I guess.
doesn't talk!  The ad said it talked, a few phrases from the movie. No it doesn't. It's not that it's broken. There's no mechanism at all for it to talk. I'm confused, because some of the reviews said it talked, and one other review said it didn't. This is NOT the toy I ordered, nor is it the toy from your ad.
Does not talk, no way to get to voice box either.
Blah!  Got this for my daughter. She loved it, but it was not what I expected. It has a small recorder attached inside on the back, which does NOT sound like Barney at all when it sings. Sounded more like Barney singing as if he was in a race, while the batteries to the recorder were running low.
Perfect! Right before Easter  Said I received this and didn't! I got by other items but this was not in the box! Perfect! Right before Easter! Great time to screw up!
a toy only for hardcore fans  This creepy doll would frighten children, not entertain them.  It will remind folk of the worst SW film:  ol', awful Phantom Menace.  Keep in mind, this character was a slaveowner.  This isn't role model material.  During 1999, some argued online that he was a stereotype of a certain ethnic group too.  I love the bluish-gray color of the plush toy, but that's my only compliment.  This toy would just be for ppl who want to own Star Wars everything.
By the time we got them unboxed my daughter was in love with them and would not let me return them  Both Dolls arrived torn. By the time we got them unboxed my daughter was in love with them and would not let me return them. Played with them for less than an hour and the materials were just breaking down. Unless you are handy with a needle, thread and extra fabric to patch I would not recommend taking the chance on these.
Disappointed :/  My son brought home A's and B's on his report card so I let him pick out a new toy as a reward. He was so happy and excited to receive this, it came today and had a hole in it. Not what I expected for paying $30.
Low Quality  Even though it came "brand new", the stitching was coming undone around one of the buttons.  I didn't want to hassle with exchanging or fighting with my daughter, so I just re-sewed it and re-enforced the others.  Disappointing.
The item arrived promptly Disliked the fact it was dirty and had a price tag with a less amount then I paid Love the jetsons
While I like the product  While I like the product, the Velcro back on both Glow Worms I purchased hardly closes.  If by chance I get it to close it, it only lasts for a few seconds before it pops back open.
Dissapointing prduct, Much smaller then described! Do not buy!
This is NOT the Plush toy as described. It would be better described as a Hard Fair Prize.  This reminds me of a toy you win at a state fair, the kind that is given away as a prize at a booth after winning a ring toss.  The fabric is soft but the stuffing is too firm/hard.  PHOTOSHOP ALERT: Main image was altered with photoshop, the fabric and stitching do not look like the picture.  (see my example photo) This is not a deal breaker if your only looking for cheap decor.  It is still cute and if it was advertised as a decor item I would have given it a better rating.  It is not cuddly soft which is what I expected.  However, it makes an okay shelf decoration so I will keep if for that.  If your looking for a soft stuffed animal I suggest you look at other options.
Fake mainly  The plushes were all fake they had strings and glues showing The stuffing was all wrong. The tags aren't even matching the date they stopped producing the tags they stopped after 2007 but the copyright on the plushes say 2010. Fake bootlegs do not buy.
Really disappointed: ( furby will not power on  Really disappointed :( furby will not power on. For the price of these things a child should get more than a few days of play with them.
Came folded up in an ugly clear bag. Child demanded a return because the doll was dead.
Extremely disappointed  This is all my daughter wanted for her birthday. After taking it out of the box we realized it was ripped. We sowed the area as best as we could and the saw it had ripped in another spot. She hasn't played with it since her birthday since this item is meant to be stretched we are afraid it will rip again.
very very disappointed with this product  This was not a 12 inch plush!!!! what arrived was a 3 inch plush... very very disappointed with this product. 18 dollars for. 3 inch plush... what a rip off.
Voice box did not work.
Way to small for the price. I'm sending it back as well.
So head flops to side like a worn out stuffed animal  Packaging for item ruined it. Was bent double/stuffed in a clear plastic wrapper. So head flops to side like a worn out stuffed animal.  It is a decent size as described but very disappointed.
A little disappointed.  I bought this Domo doll for my sister and received it fairly quickly, so that was a plus. But when I opened the box it seemed small even though the sticker on the package he was in said 10 inchs. So I took out the measuring tape and I was right. Hes about 7 1/2 inches, not 10. So I'm a little disappointed about that. His top teeth are poorly sewn in too. They're receding into the right side of his mouth. So, overall I'm disappointed.
Sound stopped working after 20 mins  Nice little plush doll for my daughter who loves poppy, but after the first 20 mins the sound doesn't work anymore. I'll be returning for a new one.
Quality concerns  Came on time, but with 3 holes in the seams already on one side. Really disappointed.
It was fine otherwise, but not what was advertised  I was looking to replace the original Cookie Monster that my child has and thought this one had plush eyes- not the case. This Cookie Monster has hard plastic eyes. It was fine otherwise, but not what was advertised.
Not what I expected.
The image used to sell this product is not what you will receive. Luckly I found the one I wanted at Walmart for $12. Pictures are of the one I received from here
buyer beware!!  wish i had read the review above before buying this, but unfortunately, i received an email stating that it was on sale, and my son had mentioned that he wanted a sulley plush, so i didn't even think before buying it. :( toy itself, w/out sound, is awesome. nice size, super soft (except for the batter/voice box inside). then, the damn thing gets to talking...and won't shut up!! it's soooo loud, there is no volume control, but more importantly, no off button!!! what kind of devil toy maker, makes a loud toy w/out an off button??! the phrases are limited, it's doesn't switch to the next phrase very easily, you kind of need to shake and shake the toy upside down, in order for it to say something else. did i mention how loud the thing is?? it's super sensitive, you barely move it and it's just constant loud noise, lol, it's funny that it's driving me crazy, but i've already prepared my 6 yr old, and by prepared, i mean bribed, by offering to purchase another toy, as long as mommy is able to take the batteries out of sulley, thankfully, he took the bribe, i mean, he agreed. so, unless you do very well w/ loud ass toys that have no off button, i suggest staying away from this toy.
The item wasn't new.
Very poorly made  It has a hole on its foot! Sadly I can't return it because I need it for a party this weekend and don't have time to buy another gift very disappointed! THIS IS NOT AN AUTHENTIC DISNEY ITEM!!!
FAKE not a Funko product as indicated.....  Well, after two months it arrived, and it is NOT a Funko official product as the image and listing indicated.... The quality looks OK, but it is way bigger than the Funko version. It even has the label from the company that really made it..... My 6 year old won't play with it because he knows it is fake. :-(
It was not the right one I had ordered.....
Disappointing doll...  Elsa came folded in half in a bag half her length! Must have been for a long time as her neck is permanently bent so the head hangs down. Her skin is also pig pink!! The doll should be a natural skin color if only 1 color, then maybe some blush on the cheeks NOT her whole body literally pink!
This is fake !!!!! I'm so upset with this product!!
Hastily manufactured  The velcro doesn't stick that well and the body was cheaply made - I had to take some scissors to the body to even out the hair, some had been sewn down into a "bald spot" so I released it.
broke after 1use!
Poor. poor quality  If I could send back I would!!it was supposed to be a larger stuffed one...My granddaughter was very dissappointed!!!Very saf
Sadly it is broken  This was purchased as a christmas gift.  I did not open the box before christmas.  The baby loves this plush toy but is unable to take advantage of the many features because the USB input on the toy was collapsed and useless. I gave it 2 stars because even broken, she does love the bear.
Very small. Must have measured from tip of antler to under chin.
poor quality  this item is very small also when I received this item there was a price tag on it for $4.00 and I pd way more for it then that do you call that fair
We were so disappointed to receive such a LARGE Tigger  This is NOT a 12 inch TIgger.  It is HUGE,  it is 15 inch from it's butt to the top of the head, not including the long legs.  We were so disappointed to receive such a LARGE Tigger.  You need to change your description.  Even my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter said, "I want a small Tigger".  So not happy.......
Worst purchase I've made on amazon.
Small
Not as advertised  This Peter Rabbit is very cute., but he is really small.  If you are looking for a nice size bunny., look somewhere else.  Definately not  9 inches as he was described..
This doll is very tiny not what I expected at all
Was even smaller then I had anticipated
It's sock because I buy for one week ago it come one month later
It was shorter than I expected even though the seller did provide the measurements. I think I wasn't taking the length of his ears ! He's cute but my grandson ignores him - you can't win them all !
Dissappointing knockoff  Peas aren't yellow...knockoff. Super disappointing.
Shouldnt it be free?
Not happy - feel item was misrepresented  Not happy at all with this item!  Photo makes it look somewhat stuffed.  Not stuffed at all.  Waste of $12.00 !
Cheaply made  very cheaply made. Lasted maybe 1-2 days at most. Our furbaby very disappointed. He went totally crazy over the noisy toys and was sad when they broke and the slingshots broke. Sent back to Amazon ASAP>
very small
Not official pokemon merchendise.  THis wasn't a mudkip, it's a cheap knockoff toy, not as advertised...DO NOT ORDER!!  very unhappy with this...
Cheap  Very cheap
Stunk, dirty much smaller than described & NEVER received call text email or $ back on this or the mold!
Robot monster seller is a no go, knock offs.  The one I got was a knock off plush with no articulation, much closer eyes, fairly shoddy stitch work, and so on. If you check the seller description make sure to not buy any selling out of the US as that is what I got. I may try again with a Japanese seller.
Too small
If you say it's "Halloween Plush" then you send ALL HALLWEEN! Not 2 Halloween and 1 Regular!  I would be more than happy to give this a 5 star rating, but I did not receive all Halloween toys! I got the regular Yellow Bird (Chuck). I am VERY disappointed right now. I did not buy this for a dog, but for my son who LOVES Halloween and Angry Birds, and he was VERY VERY disappointed too. I got red bird and white bird, but the yellow bird that I received wasn't Halloween. My son has all the other normal Angry Birds and was expecting his first 3 Halloween ones.  For people considering this, maybe they'll actually send you the right thing. They're just soft plushy's and VERY cute. I am just disappointed that I didn't get all Halloween ones.
This is not sewn well, the spots don't line up and the legs are all different lengths. It is overall a cute character but not a very good plush, compared to all of our other Mario plushes. I just don't know that I have time to return and exchange before my son's birthday.
Also disappointed that we only received 16 pins and a stack pack.  Amazon was able to offer a discount instead of the four pins which I would have preferred.  The description should be updated
Waste of money.  The picture of the product and the item that came in the mail was completely different. The charmander I got had absolutely no neck, the stitching was off and the claws are crooked. I am very disappointed with this purchase and am looking to return it.
Tiny  This is about the size of a beanie baby. So sad I thought this was going to be bigger for the baby to cuddle with. It could fit in my palm!
Very disapointed  I got this for my daughter for christmas along with the dora for my niece we spent several hours trying to download the info to the dolls. Then I read the reviews. I did found customer service to be quick and helpful they ran the lot number and found that my dolls were defective however I have to send them back to fisher price at which time they will send replacements. This will take 6-8 weeks to get the toy back. I was disappointed that until you contact customer service there is no recall and updates to problems with this doll.
Not what I thought  There is another version of this toy that actually repeats what you say.  I bought this "Talking tom" and the "talking ben" -neither of which talk and they are both being returned
BAD PURCHASE!!!!  BAD PURCHASE!!!! I purchased this (toy) for my three year old granddaughters birthday. The purchase was suppose to be new! NOT!!! It arrived  packaged in a knotted up plastic bag! The brand tag on Barney's hand was clipped in half (the other half was missing)! The so called music box was NOT attached and floated around the  body (THIS IS A TOTAL CHOKING HAZARD!!!) Needless to say this (Toy) will not be a given to my grandbaby but it will be placed back in it's knotted plastic bag thrown far out of the reach of my three year old!!! THANKS A LOT!!!!
Be careful of receiving counterfeit item  I received a counterfeit item, i was not happy about the product I received. The difference in quality between the counterfeit and the original are obvious are clear and too numerous from the stiching, the quality of the fabric,  the mustache being flat instead of being thick.
It's not 16"  Don't be fooled. I remember buying these 20 years ago and like everything else they're downsizing.  It measures just over 12" and I fudged.
And its broken....  Gave this to my son for Christmas, its not even two weeks later and Elmo no longer speaks.  His mouth opens and closes but that's it.  Its such a shame, my son LOVED it, this was the first stuffed animal he hugged and kissed and actually played with.  What a waste.
Did not work, returned it.  Returned it, did not work.
Poorly made product  Works poorly
Great Looking Yoda, Just Wish it Worked  Just received the Yoda Plush today. Even though description says he talks all my Yoda does is growl. Seems to be faulty and will be returning it soon.
Cute but the head broke off after about 1 1/2 months.  Cute but the head broke off after about 1 1/2 months.
The pictured item pretty clearly shows cloth eyes  I read the reviews before purchasing.  Many negative reviews were 2 years old.  I further contacted Amazon to confirm 100% refund if the received item was not what was advertised before purchasing.  Regardless, I am upset.  The pictured item pretty clearly shows cloth eyes, and is labeled as 12 months and over, and a Playskool product.  The item received had hard plastic eyes, was labeled 18 months and over, and was not a Playskool product.  I haven't even opened the package for further inspection, as I plan to return it.  Buyer beware.
This item quit working after a few weeks.  I replaced the batteries and it will not work.
EXTREMELY disappointed. It claims to be 25 inches tall  EXTREMELY disappointed. It claims to be 25 inches tall. It is NOT and is a rip off! Don't waste your money! What was received was MAYBE the 18 inch doll. I could have bought an 18 inch Minnie doll elsewhere for HALF the price, but it was a gift for my niece out of state and they didn't want to deal with the hassel of returning it!
Horrific!!!!!  If I could score this item a -5 I would!!!! Received it and it looked absolutely nothing like the picture! Face was completely flat and the orange parts were like one big giant puffy thing! The flap on the head laid straight down. Company offered to refund me an awesome 2 US dollars!! Wow thanks but no thanks!! Do not buy this item.....run away and save your money!
Cheap knock off  Toy is clearly a cheap knock off of an Elmo plush. Mouth is way to small, and so is the nose. As others have said it is not soft at all.
cheap crap
... neck and the quality of the look was not nice. Bad stitching  It had a hole in the back of the neck and the quality of the look was not nice. Bad stitching
Doesn't look like the picture and can't stand
Vendor great! Product is designed poorly  Nothing was wrong with he vendor, just not happy with how this product was designed
so disappointed  I ordered this cat in the hat doll to be a decoration for my daughter's graduation party. We were incorporating Dr Seuss' book "oh the places you'll go" with her college logo for her graduation party. I ordered the medium doll hoping that it would be an appropriate size because there were no measurements included in the description. It was far too small to use, only about 10 inches long. The legs were twisted and deformed looking. The whiskers were also twisted and deformed looking and the doll is super skinny. It looked nothing like the picture posted. The only positive thing that I can say about this doll is that it is very soft.
Very disappointed.: (  Was not as pictured. Very disappointed. :(
Horrible quality, so disappointing  Total rip off. Within days of my son receiving this from me as a gift, the seams have busted. Horrible quality, so disappointing.
small not worth the money  it was very small for the price i thought it would hold blankets.it won't hold hardly anything. i was very dissapointed
Not the Catbus pictured!  I specifically chose to order from this company because the Catbus pictured was fluffy, something a child would like to cuddle with. The one I received is not at all fluffy, and the eyes are felt as opposed to the woven/stitched looking eyes. The windows are separated instead of one panel of fabric as in the one pictured as well. The legs are completely stitched together. Very disappointed. This looks to be like a consistent issue with this company.
No lo recib el artculo  No lo recib el artculo
I purchased this doll originally from Babies R Us and decided to use it as a lovey for my baby, so I wanted a backup. Went back to Babies R Us, but the one they had looked nothing like the first one I purchased (which doesn't quite look like the one pictured on Amazon). I ordered one from Amazon hoping they would still have the same one I originally purchased at Babies R Us, but it was not. The new version looks more like a cat than a fox and not nearly as cute. In my picture, the one on the right is the one I first purchased and the one on the left is the new version.
Save your money and get a different toy to work on fine motor skills.  Pros:  My two year old son likes the doll and interacts with it.  He actually named it and wants me to give it attention too.  Also, I think it said it was machine washable.  Cons:  The head is too top heavy and it can't sit up without falling down.  The clip you can attach to the back is too easy to remove, so it isn't practical or wise to attach it to your bag to take with you anywhere.  It will just fall off or you will lose the clip.  I spoke with an occupational therapist and these fine motor skills are developmentally appropriate for an older child, but toys like these are advertised to younger kids like 18 months for example.  A kid will eventually grow into these skills and can use the toy for its intentional purposes, but I don't think it's worth what you are paying when you can technically learn these skills in real world application.  Save your money and get a different toy to work on fine motor skills.  I'm not sure an older child would be interested in this toy anyways.
FAKE   So fake not real don't buy and waste time on this item And the staff is about to fall off and the glasses
not satisfied  Cute toy but after the first time playing, it came apart.  Will not be able to fix
over priced  The $45.00 price on this toy is way out of what it is worth.  It was very poorly made and very small in size.
Very small though advertised as large.  The description calls it large, and customer photos make it look close to realistic. It measures 7 inches tall and 9 inches from head to rump. Not anything close to a large stuffed animal. It is very soft and cute, but not the size I was looking for.
Buyer Beware  Item shipped from Amazon was not the first edition with plush friend as stated in the description, but the cheaper second edition doll.
Kind of a Waste of Money  Too high of a price for the lack of quality. The striped seam of Chewy's uniform was sewn crooked and doesn't match up. The defect is very visible, there's no way to hide it. OK as a play toy for kids if you can afford expensive stuffed animals to use for that purpose. A ball would be better in my opinion. Also, it says to shake it to fluff the fur. Not so much - the fur is short and doesn't move.
Exactly as pictured  It was a bit small, but perfect for my 2 yr old. Exactly as pictured, but there were several marks on it once it was opened, after I gave it to my 2. Yr old. Disappointed 
tiny little plush  Too bad they don't appear to be in scale with one another. This guy is only 4" tall!!!! & flimsy! My kid loves him but I don't like that there's no continuity with regards to scale!
Do not buy!!!  Sooooo small how is this $20?!?! It's a keychain! From the picture I figured it would be the size of stuffed animal :(
Granddaughter Disappointed...  After about an hour, it stopped talking. Needless to say, my granddaughter was very disappointed. She didn't throw it around or anything. It just stopped working...
Awful.  I have never written a review before but these slippers are terrible.  They ripped down one side the second day my son wore them.  I sewed them back up and then 2 days later the other side and the other slipper ripped with stuffing coming out.  Terrible construction, terrible quality.  Major disappointment.
WORST MARTIAL AID EVER  The wifey and I kept seeing this on our shopping trips at Target in the toy aisle; I'd cast her a knowing glance, and she'd blush and look away. Well, I got a random itch one day and snuck out on my lunch hour to pick one up. Its plush filling lacked a certain firmness, but its fuzzy exterior offered sensations she'd never experienced before. We're both very pleased with the results, but while it compares favorably to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles practice dojo bo staff, it is far and away a better product than the similarly-shelved "Bat" vehicle with ejecting Batman figure.
False Advertising  I rated the Mickey Mouse doll a 1 star, to stop consumer who wants to purchase a "Authentic Disney Store" doll without the patch.  I purchased the doll twice from this supplier and both dolls were missing the patch advertised on the web-site.  No I would not recommend purchasing the Mickey Mouse doll as advertised
Junk  Took forever to arrive and within five minutes of my kids playing with them, the head on one almost came off.
Small not large....
Not the same as the one I bought before.  We bought one before labeled "TOMY" "POKEMON" and it was pretty good quality. This one came in a different color and size. it is a little larger, but the stitching was really bad on the back. You can pull some stuffing out. There was also uneven stitching around the bottom and legs. If you look at it from the back, his left arm isn't balanced with his right and there was no stuffing in it. I had to push it around to fill it. Now it looks like he has a bent arm and an indentation around his neck. Not as cute as the first one we bought. Even their manufacturer's tags were different. This one seems to be a knock off. it didn't come in a TOMY box. It was squashed in a plastic bag, but in good Amazon packaging. Our first one had the tags you had to cut off and came properly boxed in an official POKEMON BOX. Great for gifting. This one has the feel of a carnival prize.
Very disappointed, do not recommend  This toy was not waterproof. It filled with water on first use. Very disappointed, do not recommend. After looking closer, I realized many of the reviews for this item were not actually for this product, but some copied and pasted to boost ratings.
Not worth the price knock down the price between 50 and or 70.
Not worth it !  Very disappointed, it is very small !!  Not worth the money !
Free shipping ??  Everything's good, however I want to know why I payed for shipping and handling after it says it is going to be "free shipping."
Furby stopped working after 1 day of putting batteries in!!!!!
Terrible quality. Very disproportional.
poorly made  This toy was not made well my daughter had it in her hand and the foot fell off!!!!  and there was like fur coming off the face, you can see the glue around the eyes and strings are hanging off the neck.  I don't recommend ordering this.  I was really excited to get my kid a gizmo she loves the movie but im going to fix it myself so i know its done right sorry for being so honest but don't waste your money
Don't waste your time and money. Broken switch. Poorly made.
Flingshot toys were very disappointing.  Do not buy  Awful toy... it broke within a couple of days.
Bob the Builder doll  Love the idea of a Bob doll, for boys and girls. However, the price was cheap and so is how the doll is made. Wish it were of better quality even if the price was more expensive.
It is not 8 inches!!! It is tiny. Not what I was expecting for the price. Very dissapointing.
You sent us a fake. I am the son of who bought this to me. the mustache is fuzzy, and does not look like Luigi. It is supposed to be made of polyester. The eyes are worse than the picture, his ears are stickers, and the feet too. The tag has an ortographical error, it is not shiny like the other plushies. His feet are not filled with beans. Bought it for my birthday in 2013. Do not buy this item!!!!!! It is a bootleg! In January 2016 my mother will buy the official to me and I will donate the bootleg to charity. Please look at the item before selling. I am Brazilian.
It isn't Christmas yet.  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. It is not Christmas yet, so he has not opened it. I find it appalling that these are not sized, and seem to be one size fits all. We all know that is not true. I hope he will like these as they were on his Christmas list. Ask me again after Christmas.
Too Small To Cuddle ... Save Your Money  I ordered this for my Moana obsessed daughter. I wish I had realized the size of it. I thought this was like the larger plush Disney princess dolls that we've had in the past that are really nice to sleep next to. This is similar in size to Barbie (too small to cuddle with,) and isn't particularly cute. Maybe a toddler would like it, but for the price I was expecting something a bit bigger, so I'm likely sending it back.
Sadness  Mine do not look like the picture. Gosh darnet why get something and then it dot be what your expecting. Sure buddy thanks a ton for annoying the gel out of me
Child was extremely disappointed. Not what the he picture described  I received the stuffed fox and based on what showed up was a floppy fox that can't stand up. Child was extremely disappointed. Not what the he picture described. Would not buy again from them.
Disappointed  Parts of this toy fell off during mailing.  We glued them back on but very disappointed that is was so poorly made
Toy is poorly sewn but still a great novelty
It was a big disappointment.  It was a Christmas gift and it stopped working LITERALLY (not figuratively) within the 1st minute of play. It was a big disappointment.
Disappointed...  I did not care for this product.  It was poorly made, and was not like the photograph.  The mouth was not even visible.
Ripoff. Not authentic.  It is not the same as in the picture. The walnut is huge and bright yellow. It is not even the same shape. It is nothing like the photo and looks nothing like walnut from PVZ.
doesn't look exactly like the photo, much smaller
It was supposed to be 15in X 15in X 15in. it's only about 4in x 4in x 4in.
Small  It had a fowl smell, like old smell. The head was not as round as the picture.
I assumed it would have been bigger for that price but it is super small.  Tag on the item read $13.95...my son paid 26.99 total.. I assumed it would have been bigger for that price but it is super small... I should have read the dimensions..thats my fault..big rip off!
This toy comes straight from hell  Whoever made this toy (hint, he is red and has horns) did so with the sole purpose of torturing parents with the sound that never stops and can't be turned off, until they are on the brink of madness.  My little one got this for her 2nd birthday, and on the 30 minute ride home with this evil thing sitting in a bag on the passenger seat, it went off continuously. There was never a second where it wasn't making noise at a high volume. I packed stuff on top of it, that only seemed to amplify it. If I listened closely enough, I swear I could hear Lucifer chuckling. I tried pushing all over the surface in vain, hoping it had some internal off switch. No such luck. Then I tried squeezing it as hard as I could, trying to break something to make the torment stop. This thing is indestructible. I even considered throwing it out the window for a second, but I am no litterbug.  When I got home, I informed my wife that this would be getting "lost" immediately. I put it in the basement and every slight breeze or vibration sets it off. We will be "gifting" it to a relative we don't like soon -- I can't bear to donate it and curse some stranger who doesn't deserve even a second of this evil.  We have received lots of noisy gifts since my daughter was born. LOTS. I can deal with most, and the ones I can't quickly lose their batteries. This thing can't be disabled by mortal means. Hands down, this is the worst by a million, no a billion times. No off switch and a seemingly infinite sensitivity to movement? Diabolical. I swear if a butterfly flaps its wings in China, this thing will go off.  Even for your worst enemy, this is a punishment too severe. All I can hope is that my home and family are rid of this cursed item soon. DO NOT BUY!!!
Just a black and white plush toy  Doesn't look like a boston terrier, sent it back
Not as described.  I chose this item because the description stated that you could speak into a recorder and the talking tom would repeat what you say. However, it did not work that way at all. This plush toy only makes a few redundant sounds. My 3 year old niece was initially intrigued, but that ended just as quickly.
Dog is cute, but did not work at all.  Tried two sets of batteries and still would not walk.  Had to send back.
... after we received it but kept it because we like Elmo.  Stopped working shortly after we received it but kept it because we like Elmo.
Disappointed  I paid $28.03 total for this and am thoroughly disappointed. I purchased it as one of my two year old granddaughter Christmas gifts. First of all it was all squished into a small plastic bag and second of all it didn't work when I pressed the hand. Do they not check these things before shipment? I do not want the hassle of having to send it back. :(
Way too small.  This is a cheap knockoff and nowhere near 12 inches. Bummed because I got Branch (the real one) elsewhere and wanted to give the set to my daughter for Christmas. Now I won't have the set. :-( grrr! Very frustrating. False advertisement.
Very small, not worth the money.
Defective??  Package seems a little questionable. Tear and tape in bottom. Sealed in plastic. Not sure if its working correctly. Looking for directions. Might be sending back
FF fan looking for offical plush? This is not it, do not buy.  I guess it is cute in its own derpy way, but I would not recommend this to FF fans looking for the offical plush. The chocobo I received looks nothing like the one in the picture. The coloring is off its more of a fluorescent yellow, the eyes are way too far apart and its a light blue instead of a dark blue. Overall, I am disappointed with that I received.
very ugly  I bought this on the basis of the reviews so I was really shocked when I saw it.  This doll looks and feels like a nylon sock doll. The expression is obtunded; not at all perky and spritely like a fairy. The very skinny legs dangle bow-legged about 9 or 10 inches below the body.  The wings seem too small and they are unimpressive.  She looks gawky and awkward to me. I'm requesting a return. a grandmother
Received stained item, not licensed by Disney  When I received this item, it had a large reddish-brown stain on it. It was still in the factory packaging, so it wasn't something that happened in transit. It also does not have authentic Disney Store tags. The tags have the letter "D" in Disney edited out, as well as the Disney logo. The nature of the stain was concerning to me as well.
This was a true disappointment! Doll is tiny and doesn't look like the one advertised. The hair is scimpy and not styled like poppy! Not worth the money.
Cute Toy, Poor Construction  My boys love Mario, and have at least 20 different plush toys.  This is one of the worst constructed of them all.  After one day of play, the seam split in the crotch and stuffing was falling out.  It is hard to tell which toys are officially licensed, and this one is not.  The Chinese knock offs (like this one) fall apart quickly.  Two stars because it was the right toy, and my kids like it, but it definitely won't last.
Bad  toy  I ordered this toy for a present for my grand daughter. I did not open it until the 30 day return period was up. It did not work when she took it out of box . Both of us were very disappointed.
Inspect before using!!!  Product came cracked on the outer layer and not the protective layer that houses the batteries. I noticed it once the batteries were in and I was setting the screws. My son was already intrigued so I went ahead and gave it a go but I don't expect this product to last long. I bought it as a bath toy and I suspect water will find its way in an ultimately damage the toy. Well enjoy it while it lasts but I will not be purchasing another or recommending this
Cute but stopped working  Stopped working the second day.
Twice now I tried to get Dr. Whooves, and twice I have received this weird ugly greenish-khaki bodied plush. Buyer beware here as there have obviously been other knock-offs or defective merchandise thrown into the pool.
Poor quality  Quality not so good- had for only 6 days and stitching on Marshalls head is loose:( you get what you pay for. Recommend buying a different set
Worst Knockoff Ever  DO NOT BUY. The worst bulbusaur knock off I have ever seen. It is NOTHING like the picture. The green cabbage on his back is not even the same color green as in the picture. Sorry for lack of a better word to describe Bulbusaur's cabbage.
Cheap and very small
Not worth what I paid for it  Not worth what I paid for it. Pretty small. I could of bought a larger doll someplace else for this price. Disappointing.
Cheaply made  Seam split after one day.
misleading size  This thing is tiny, more like 3 inches not 7! Very disappointed. I expected it to come in a box at the very least. Ugh.
The quality is not great either.  So disappointing, did not realized that the Snuggly soft Labradoodle was size 5.5".... way too small for what I was looking for!!! The quality is not great either.
It's not great quality, but my son is happy with it.
DERPY LOOKING KNOCK-OFFS  The plush I received did not match the picture shown AT ALL. Jolteon's face was a huge round blob, and was very misshapen all around. Whatever you do DO NOT buy this product from the seller "getwhatulove".  As an added info bonus, I bought THREE plushies from "getwhatulove" and they were all cheap knock-offs (picture included). Along with this Jolteon I bought Espeon and Glaceon (&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Espeon-8-25-34-Mini-Plush-Pokemon-Evolution-of-Eevee-Series/dp/B00MEVQQS8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Espeon ~8.25" Mini-Plush: Pokemon Evolution of Eevee Series</a>&nbsp;AND&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Glaceon-9-5-34-Mini-Plush-Pokemon-Evolution-of-Eevee-Series/dp/B00MEVQX4A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Glaceon ~9.5" Mini-Plush: Pokemon Evolution of Eevee Series</a>&nbsp;).
FALSE ADVERTISED KNOCK OFF  does not look like the picture at all. complete knock off
Furby does not talk  After one day using my Furby it does not talk, we have refresh the toy but still does not talk, we need a solution or a replacement of the furby. Thanks
"New"?  It's the one I wanted for my son's birthday after he fell in love with the same one while visiting his cousin so I ponied up the insane price for a stuffed doll from China but the condition is poor for a "new" toy--let alone an overpriced one. The zig-zag stripe around his shirt was all cracked around the back  and nicked in one spot. Definitely not worth the 30 bucks I payed. I notice it has dropped 8 dollars from when I bought it a month ago. For the condition I received it in, I'd expect to pay 5 dollars from a second-hand store. Somebody has got to be making a killing.
poorly made  Product not PRIME...LOOSE OR BROKEN STITCHING on Elmo shirt--back. Sadly, product not ready for child loving play.
This was not worth the buy. Leafeon was severly distorted, others were very cheap and crappy. this should be a $18  Buy due to all of the mistakes and cheap fabric. the only good ones i got were the Flareon, Jolteon, And flareon. Umbreon, And espeon are very cheap and poorly made. And you don't even get the lps toy. I do not suggest getting this, not a good buy.
Cute but poorly made.  My kids love PVZ and wanted to get some plush toys. This one was a huge disappointment... it doesn't stand upright, and the barrels splay out in random directions (rather than aligning to point straight out like in the photo). This may be partially due to the way it was packaged (flattened in a plastic envelope), but we haven't been able to recover its shape no matter how much prodding and arranging we do. My kids finally put a rubber band around the barrels to keep them from splaying out!
Poor quality  Poor quality
Good quality tho  Bought the the pig and the chicken. Both are much smaller than expected. Good quality tho. Just beware these are very small.
Doctor Who Plush Tardis  I was disappointed when I received this item. It did not work and I was hoping for an exchange, instead all I was offered was a return.
Disappointed in quality, already has hair falling out and they've only been played with a handful of times.  Not great quality. Cute idea. I bought these wanting to have elves that my kids could actually touch and play around with as opposed to the "Elf on the Shelf". They showed initial interest, but the hair was falling out and they are so lightweight that they don't sit up or anything. It would be better if they had little beanies in the body or something.
Not a quality plush  I've purchased several Pokemon plush dolls and this Dragonite looked noticeably worse quality than the others.  I'm guessing it may be a knock-off because the coloring was pale and the fabric was thin, compared to others I've ordered in the past.  It looked like someone had left it out in the sun too long.
Fraud, scam, ripoff!  The doll that is pictured is not the doll I was sold. Rather than receiving a quality Disney product, it's more of doll you'd win at a county fair. I've contacted the seller and have heard nothing.
Sorry, Chewbacca. You're going home.  There was absolutely no stuffing in this toy! I was sadly disappointed and had to return the product right away.  (The only bonus was that it was delivered and returned in a very expedited manner)
Got the wrong item.
It don't look good on my grape  Does not look good when wearing....
Tiny  Absolutely tiny For another $5 you can just get the huge one at Walmart witch now I have to
Not worth the price.  It started coming apart at the seams after about a week.
I hated to even give one star  I hated to even give one star.  My son noticed right off that it did not match the quality of the other "Officially Licensed" one we bought. This one did not even come with the box and when I asked they responded with it was removed to ship.  What a joke.
False advertisement  Please listen to me. I don't usually try to write bad reviews. I normally don't write too many reviews at all. I'm not picky and I'm easily satisfied able to overlook minor flaws. Don't buy this. It's false advertisement. It looks nothing like the picture they have posted. I'm not even sure that plush is from the same company. Because what I received was very furry, small beady eyed, big headed plush with a droopy tale. I give this 0 stars.
not accurate description  Not the size as described- smaller
Not item that was described  This spider is much smaller than was advertised. It fits in the palm of my hand.
Returned broken and dirty
Disappointing purchase; dead batteries  The batteries/speaker was dead and had to rip apart on Christmas Eve so it didn't terrify my toddler. Batteries were over $20 so we took out the entire speaker and sewed back up. Poor construction. Very disappointed.
Does Not Stay Upright When Playing  We bought this for our granddaughter as we had seen it in a store in Tennessee.  The one in the store sat upright while flapping ears - so cute.  The one we ordered just fell forward as soon as the ears started flapping, then rolled to the side.  I think it was defective.  We returned it.  Would like to purchase again, but a little apprehensive now.  It is darling if it works properly.
What can I said  My order was incomplete, the ones that arrive are adorable But Really, I don t have time to claim, and claim So I prefer to give up
It's great but it's not that great  If you're going to the parks anytime soon , save your money. The price is literally doubled here. It's great but it's not that great.
Too much money for the item, its less at Borders  When I looked at the item I thought I was getting the free shipping because I purchased both at Amazon, but somehow it came out that I got it from another bookstore. I was disapointed because this gift cost me almost twice as much as if I had gotten it at Borders.
Not worth $8.99!  The hair is all matted and it is not soft at all.
Don't buy!  I thought this toy repeated back to you what was said. I obviously did not read the other reviews. I will take responsibility for that mistake. However, this toy did not come in a carton like shown. Could be used. Who knows. Also when you push the paw to hear the recorded sounds it sounds like the batteries are dead. Poor product!!
Price gouging  Love the elephant but cant stand the pricing fluctuation. Well worth it for 7.00 but not when its double and triple.
I got scammed  SCAM My daughter wanted a peach to go with her Mario and Luigi. What she got was a fat peach with no loose dress and the head was all wobbly.
Didnt get this until the day before Christmas Eve and the roar noise on it didn't work so I ended up paying for an overpriced stuffed animal that I couldn't return instead of a stuffed animal that had sound.
The picture is misleading.  My son was pretty upset when he waited all that time for it to get here and it was only the star.
Nicely sewn but worthless in practice  Looks better on picture sound is very low and hard to press.  Little kid cant make it work.  Not worth the money at all.  Do not recommend.
Not a "Disney Store" Large/Jumbo 22" Olaf the Snowman Plush  Disappointed it was not as described. Did not have the patch on foot nor the satin tooth. I received a knock off. For what it is, the quality is okay. The size was as expected. Amazon worked with me on the price, so I did end up keeping it. I would ask the seller(s) questions before making a purchase to make sure it is a Disney Store authentic plush, as was/is advertised. Overall, my 3 year old Grand Daughter was happy with it. I personally would not purchase again.
Not happy.  product was not as described  Product was not new.  Did not have tags. Came very dirty with dog or cat hair.  Not happy! Product was not as described.
Elmo NEVER makes it to the potty...  Great product idea, but as other reviewers mentioned, Elmo doesn't know he's on the potty no matter what you do, so he only sings the accident song. This is very confusing for our potty training toddler, so Elmo is going to disappear. Don't waste your money.
Not at all as discribed  Product Description From the Manufacturer This Frozen Olaf Plush comes to life as he says iconic phrases from the movie. Collect them all to take a trip to an enchanting kingdom in far away lands. Product Description This Frozen Olaf Plush comes to life as he says iconic phrases from the movie. Collect them all to take a trip to an enchanting kingdom in far away lands. Approximately 8"  The doll we got does not say iconic phrases it says nothing at all, hard to return when the child has seen it all ready, I'm upset and want the correct doll as discribed sent.
Don't waste your money  Broke the second day!  Don't  waste your money!
Not as Advertised, Not Hasbro.  Extremely disappointed, After waiting for this Christmas gift it arrived January 9th. It is about 3 or 4 inches tall and is not a Hasbro product but a cheaply made product shipped directly from China. I will stay away from ANY product made or sold by KBBST.
Very small  I purchased this cute little bunny for my grand daughter's birthday. I was so disappointed!. The fabrication was very soft but the overall size of this bunny is so small!
Not as pictured  I bought this elmo as a back up for my son who will not go anywhere with his. However the elmo that came was not the elmo pictured. This elmo is taller than 9 inches and has hard plastic eyes. I am returning and feel the product should be removed or the picture should be updated so people know what they are buying.
Not as shown  The doll did not come with the racoon friend, all our other Animator dolls have come with the "friend" as shown in the picture. Our child did notice that. real shame
I want my money back. This was false advertisement  This was a scam the dog was the size of a keychain.  It was such a disappointment I was laughed at by my friends who said I was taken. It cost ;more to send it back than was worth it. Do not post this keychain sized dog on your site anymore, it is simply false advertisement. The dog is actually and literally the exact size of this photo.  I want my money back
way way overpriced  Amazingly cheap and shoddy. Claw-machine quality.
I am so disappointed in this doll. It's fur is patchy and hard, the face is hard to see through the poor glue job of the doll, and it does not look like the picture. If you love Gremlins as much as I do, buy a different mogwai. This one is not worth it.
The lightsaver was missing  My son was very frustrated that the lightsaver was missing in the Angry Bird and since it was Christmas we didn't have time to return it.
Horrible expensive Smallest plush ever bought ever Bad product not official brand I would have bought it on the street and would be cheap and best quality
I thought it was going to be double the size.
Great product crappy customer service.  Super Cute elephant I originally bought it at a great price ( under $7) then they recently doubled the price due to popularity. It seems very unfair to price gouge the customers. Great product crappy customer service.
Bad conditions of plush
NOT really as described  For starters the item was described 8 inches.  Its not. Its barely 5 inches. its small and fits in the palm of my hand.  I expected a small 8 in plush the size of bean bag animal and got half of that. Otherwise good quality. Its soft and my son will love that it can hold on to his favorite stuffed animal.
OK  My child loves Shrek, however, was afraid of this doll.  It was cheaply made and the fabric is scratchy.  I wouldn't recommend.
BEWARE  this is not as appears in photo  Frustrated!  This is not the product that appears in the photo.  The product I received had a painted on face not the 3D face as pictured.  I didn't have time to return since this was a gift-- I see now that another reviewer has already pointed this out and they have not changed the picture.  Change the picture Amazon!!
FAKE!!  This Poppy is a knock off. It is much smaller than the real doll. Even the tag is wrong. Her tag says DJ Suki, but the real Dreamworks DJ Suki is on the right in the picture. On the left is a real Dreamworks Harper, notice how full his hair is and how sparse Poppy's is. If I knew the quality would be this bad, I would've never paid more than $5 for it!!
Not a Funko Plush  Claims it is a Funko plush but is a fake
4 months later....  I love it, I'm just disappointed with the quality. I got it for my girlfriend who loves moogles, but not even 30 of having it and his whiskers fell off.thus making the girl a little sad. Oh and don't order from square-enix, prior to ordering from amazon I waited 3 damn months for them to lose my order them cancel it altogether.
Small  I got this for my 4 year old granddaughter for her birthday. It doesn't hold very much at all. Too small
So CUTE
this is obviously a bootleg  no eevee nor eeveelution pokedoll should come with the pokedoll tag all eevee and eeveelution dolls have a tag with the matching character be warry of the pokedoll tag
Very disappointed.  Doll came with dead batteries. Put new batteries in and only the feet light up. Found all this out when my 3 year old daughter opened the gift for Christmas.  No options available to exchange, only return.  Daughter loves the doll so I can't just take it away from her without a replacement in hand. I wrote this in the return discription but neither Amazon or the seller responded.  Very disappointed.
Not very happy with the toys  Not very happy with the toys.  The creeper looks like a green dick with 4 balls.  The enderman is more like a squid with a long body.  The picture looks better when what you get.  I would not suggest on getting these.
High price because of name "Disney"  Bought for Granddaughter for Easter. Doll's face is pretty. The rest of her body is flimsey and small..more like a ragdoll. Also she speaks in the snowman's voice. I would return it but my 2 year old would cry. Too much money for too little doll.
Furby moves and opens eyes mouth etc, I hear his mechanism running but he makes no sound!!!  I've heard about this from other people and there is no solution for this problem. This toy has several problems. The worst is that my little girl is dissapointed because her christmas present doesnt work.
This bear is cute and we love that it knows my daughters name and the holidays  This bear is cute and we love that it knows my daughters name and the holidays. It says things strangely thought like, "let's have a snack, I want Mac and cheese and pizza." Or let's play or let's have a party at 8pm at night. At the same time it also will say it is sleepy and let's go to bed. There must be a glitch. It doesn't do everything she is supposed to do and randomly turns on as if possessed. This is quite a fright at midnight!
Disappointed not good quality  It looks cheap and poorly made.
two times i buy this one but the sell give me different one
Head broke off after a month.  One month after my 2 year old daughter received this as a birthday gift, the plastic head has broken off at the neck. The neck is hollow and the head and hair are too heavy for the neck. I am very disappointed. My daughter absolutely loves this doll.  She also received an authentic Anna plush from Disney Store (online). The entire doll is plush. It's actually cheaper than this Elsa is currently ($34). I would recommend the Disney Store 18" (maybe 20") dolls instead.
Broke after one use! Went back.
definitely not a tommy product as advertised this is a Chinese knockoff head is twice the size of body I still like it because it looks kind of like a chibi character but as I said not as advertised so im only giving one star.
Pretty cool to have  Pretty cool to have, but after barely a week of use the clasp already popped off and won't stay closed anymore.
Disappointed  Colors are way off... Not to mention the stitching coming apart. Waste of money do not purchase.
so much smaller than I thought it would be for the price. I guess that is what you get for not looking at the measurements before ordering.
I'm not lovin it!  It's on me for not paying closer attention to the details but seriously didn't think I would receive the equivalent of a Happy Meal toy for $17.
Not Impressed  She was smaller than I thought and she came all balled up in a plastic envelope. Not impressed!
Broke after a couple times of playing with it.
Hats do not work...stuck on cowboy
Ripped in the first 18 hours !!!!  My son was so happy to get this item. It ripped within the first 18 hours and my son was sleeping for most of that time .... not happy !!!!
Lovely but cheap quality...  He is very cool, unfortunately, he stopped singing after two weeks. Batteries were fine, so he really died. Parcel for sending back to us was 15 ;( until today I didn't receive refund. Hopefully he will land soon...
My grandson received some understuffed zig-zag earred yellow thing that doesn't look anything like the picture  DO NOT ORDER!  My grandson received some understuffed zig-zag earred yellow thing that doesn't look anything like the picture. Total disappointment for his birthday and this should be pulled.
Broken seams  It came broken in the mail. The seam on the neck was ripping
Don't by from solo toys, they will rip you off.  Do not by from seller name solo toy. I was very disappointed when I receive this, The listing said it was 5 inch this looks more like 3"  not worth the $13 I paid.
Smaller than advertised
I still have. It received this order after almost a month month and a half
Perfect but....ITS YELLOW  this wallnut plush was yellow not like a dark yellow no a supper light yellow! It looks like a sun more than a nut other than that its amazing
UGH!  Throwaway toy ?  Poor value, cheaply produced, don't let it suck you in.
Was Not as I Expected.  I've been waiting for this plush FOR 13 DAYS! Next thing you know, it shows up in my mailbox in a small packaging. I bring it inside and open it. I could't believe  my eyes! It was just some stupid cheap looking plush. At least I could take his shirt off! Turns out, I only like this guy a little bit.
dirty, ugly    use, dirty , ugly  
What you see is not what you get.  I don't know what happened to my other review but, the Doll pictured is not the one I received, there are slight differences and quality is one of them. other things of note is the tail does not extend above the head, the doll is only about 6" tall and the facial expression is completely different. If it's a knock-off then it's a decently made one but I do not like Seeing a picture of a product and not getting exactly what is advertised. I wanted what was pictured, period and I did not receive that. I'll never order from this seller again and I plan on ordering all of the Evee plushies eventually.
NOT WORTH THE PRICE
Received a rabbit???
Don't Buy - It doesn't work or download  I bought this via Amazon.com for my daughter as a Christmas gift. I spent an hour and a half trying to get it to load the personalized information from two different computers. Every single time I got a "Download failed: Please check connections, and try again." message. This doesn't work on either XP or Windows Server 2003. Frankly, I would expect better from Mattel but it is obvious that these bozos never bothered to test their product. What a joke.
arrived 4 wks past expected date and was not 26 inches.  It was 6 inches...very small
Pretty disappointed. It arrived with a hole in it and has within a week of our son barely playing with it has another hole in it.
Wouldn't recommend it.  I thought all of the appendages would pull apart, but unfortunately only the nose and the mid section of the body.  Wouldn't recommend it.
It came Broken  Was excited to get it today but it came Broken  Im very upset I want a refund
11" at BEST. 30% shorter than advertised.  I was disappointed at the size of this product. It is NOT 14". From top to tail it is at BEST 11". Realistically I would call this 10". So this dinosaur is 30% shorter than advertised. I am not at all happy with this purchase or this product.
It was much smaller then I expected!
its fake
Not real!  Arrived about 4 inches tall!
... bunch o laughing I don't even remember him laugh like that in the movie  My daughter absolutely loves this movie the plush toy looks ok but out of the five phrases he only says one thing (moooo) the rest is a bunch o laughing I don't even remember him laugh like that in the movie....definitely not worth $20
Pay Close Attention to the Size (I didn't)!  I didn't pay attention to the size of this plush (which isn't the seller's fault).  But, when it arrived, I was totally floored--$23 for an 8 inch plush!  I paid $20 for the 18 inch version.  I will be returning these.
He looks like he had too much to drink  Eyes and mouth aren't aligned right. He looks like he had too much to drink.
Poor quality  This product was not as expected quality-wise. The sewing on the shirt is terrible, and it was dirty. Definitely not worth what I paid for it.
Disappointed  Disappointed:( The Elmo giggle is barely audible when the red furry ball is bounced.
Gets so dirty. Not worth it.  Gets so dirty so easily. Gets all kinds of stuff stuck in its fur/hair and then when you wash it: the stuff doesn't come out: it gets even more stuck. Spend the extra $15 bucks to get a nicer one like we finally did after going though 3 of these in 2 months. The better one has latest 4 months now.
Not what I expected.  Not what I expected. Doesn't work very well. Makes a lot of knocking noises when hand is squeezed. Supposed to talk. Comes wrapped in a bag so does not have the box as shown. Seems to be used. I am quite disappointed.
The dragon was made out of dark blue material instead of black. Seams were off.
Not licensed product, Doesn't match all the other Paw Patrol pups we got from Toys 'R' Us. Seams are also crooked.
Not what is shown. Missing other 6" plush.  The product I received looks different than what is pictured. If you know this character from the anime, the head should be circular, but the head is oval on the plush that I received. Also, the mouth on mine is outlined in thick black, which changes the overall look significantly. The black robe that it is wearing is significantly wrinkled and it is hard to arrange it to make it look normal.  Most importantly, I DID NOT RECEIVE the additional 6" smaller plush that is listed in the description.  Other sellers are offering this same item. If you want to take the risk, buy it from them and avoid this seller.
Disappointing quality!  Very disappointed! When the song would play, it was very muffled and crackly. It sounded like the batteries were about to be dead. I was hoping I just got a dud, so my plan was to return it and try to buy another one. However, now the price has increased almost $5. Not worth it! Especially if I get one of the same poor quality.
Wonderful!  They were just what I expected, my granddaughter loves them and they even came earlier than I expected.  Wonderful!
It didn't look nothing like the picture  It didn't look nothing like the picture. Also the price tag on the toy was a lesser price then what I paid for.
Do not waste your money on this.  What a joke! Tiny and terrible.
isn't what it's made out to be  I bought this for my friend because she absolutely loves hello kitty, and this one was described as 19 inches tall and when it arrived it was barley a foot tall, it was very well made but we were upset about the false description.
Wrong item!  When I opened the box trying to start wrapping for Christmas, there was a completely different item in the box! Really???
Completely wrong product!  Orderd once and it was the plush that just made the noises and not saying the catch phrases, got a refund to order again to make sure it was the right one, and again it's the one that makes the sounds even though both packages says he says the 5  catchphrases, this item clearly needs to be removed until the right one is listed!
Took forever to arrive, cheep junk  Took forever to arrive, cheep junk
These are NOT the evolution of eevee plushes if you buy these DO NOT expect to get those in the mail. They are less quality hardly stand on their own and the ears don't stand up at all. Umbreons markings and espeons red dot are both stickers. Dont waste your money here unless you want a complete set all at once. again NOT THE ACTUAL evolution of eevee plushes.
Nothing like the picture.
its not what was advertised
DO NOT BUY! Fake, cheap copy.  This is a cheap copy of the Disney one, looks nothing like the picture. DONT BUY THIS.
was not the same doll as in the picture. Came with poorly made eyes, leaf, and also has no clasws. I am very disappointed and feel like it was a waste of money an time.
Don't waste your time or money!  This is ridiculous! Looks nothing like the picture and is super small. Not happy at all with this item.
MY DAUGHTER IS SO DISAPPOINTED!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!!!  When my daughter saw it she said "Its HIDEOUS!!!!! I waited all this time for it and its horrible!!! Its like they were making fun of umbreon and Its one of my favorite pokemon!!! We're returning it right now!!!" Yeah so wanna buy it for someone or for yourself? BAD IDEA
KEYCHAIN, NOT CHAIR  THIS IS A KEYCHAIN, NOT A BEAN BAG. DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE FOR $30.00. I may have accodentally ordered the wrong thing, but do not put yourself through the pissed off-ness I am experiencing right now.  I also checked the measurements before ordering and it said 30in x 30in x 30in, which would make sense for a been bag chair. Even if it was 30cm x 30cm x 30cm, this doesn't come close. I  going to try to return or exchange it, but I am seriously updet by this order.
Poorly made.  Poorly made. Stitching came off in no time.
Just ok. The rubber cushion doesn't fit properly
uselss  After less than two months of owning Elmo, his jaw no longer moves. Now he's just an annoying voice box.
Poor quality and shockingly high price.  This plush developed a hole along the back seam within hours of being removed from the packaging, after only gentle handling. It's shocking to pay this much for a plush this size, the poor quality on top of that feels like a real middle finger to fans. My daughter spent her allowance on this. WTH, Scott?
Horrible  Horrible paid for the 4 piece plush set only got one dog which was not what picture showed. Noway to contact seller. This is for a handicap child.
Cute but terrible design!  My 2 year old son absolutely loves this Daniel tiger. He received it as a Christmas gift. Unfortunately a month later the little tiger stopped lighting up and he cried and cried because it was broken. The store where we originally purchased the toy would not return, so we ordered a new one from Amazon. The light in the one we ordered from amazon quit after 2 weeks. I think this has a terrible design. Will be returning to Amazon and will not buy again!
Disappointed  She came very dirt
Nice Quality materials, poor execution- leg sewn on backwards  I was excited to get these for my daughter's birthday. They arrived one day before her party but Elsa's leg is sewn on backwards and it's pretty noticeable. I'm disappointed.
like I had assumed  Was not alive, like I had assumed.
Poorly made  Junk!  Mustache was sewed under, uneven and poorly made.  I wouldn't give this to a child.  I returned mine.  Save your money.
The doll is 6 inches taller than described!  Very disappointed in the product.  The doll that arrived was not a 20" Elsa doll, it was 26" tall and much taller than the companion Anna doll we ordered (which actually was the stated 20" high).  By the time it was opened (as a gift) and the difference from the product description was discovered, the return period had already expired.  We are extremely disappointed in this product.
...what  .... how?
Worked less than 5 minutes.  I purchased this back on October for a Christmas Present, Never opened it to see if it worked. Of course it did not work. Put batteries in Elmo and squeezed him and Elmo's mouth got stuck open (which makes for a creepy Elmo). Did not hug at all, kind of waved his arms. What a great Christmas Present a nonworking Elmo that does not hug and keeps his mouth open. To bad I can not return it, this is what I get for buying Christmas presents early.
Did not meet my expectations.
Blanket is really small and not as soft as I expected.  Doll is okay but fabric feels cheap.
item is bunched into a ball and stuffed as tightly into a bag as possible.  It is so horribly out of shape that I can't imagine that it ever actually looked like the item pictured. such a scam. Boo amazon.
Don't waste your money  Tsum tsum came with a chain and fake tags. Clearly not an official Disney Store tsum tsum. Don't waste your money!
China knock off. Not DISNEY  Not marked Disney. Very small throw was thinking we would be getting much more for the cost. Don't waste your time or money on this one.
This is NOT a Sanshee licensed product. Complete at home made knock off. Beware.
Read the dimensions before purchasing  Be sure a read the dimensions....doll is cloth and Very small
My daughter loves Yo Gabba Gabba... but hated this Plush  I purchased this for my daughter, who is a huge fan of Yo Gabba Gabba, but unfortunately she hated this plush.  She has the beanie babies for the other characters (which she loves), but this one feels like cheap leather/vinyl. Not only is the material less than stellar, but the Yellow and White markings peel off fairly easily, as if they are melted on with thick paint.  The hat is the only "soft" part of the entire plush.  It's not the worst stuffed animal I've gotten her, but it is definitely not one I would recommend to others.
the quality was not very good and it arrived torn.
Walking talking Olaf is dead!  I bought two for Christmas. One was shipped directly to Hawaii. I love Amazon prime! However both olafs didn't work even when new batteries were used. We are returning both for a replacement. If the new ones don't work I will refund and get my near 100$ back!
My son seems fine with it, but this toy arrived and is dark brown....what happened to orange Mub?
This is not worth the money.  Returning mine for full refund.  Fur sheds all over and I only pulled it out of the bag it was stuffed into.  it's just not worth the money plain and simple.
The ears and tail are really poor material, unlike the picture  The ears and tail are really poor material, unlike the picture. The light blue portions are somewhere between felt and construction paper. The dark blue squares are like a waterproof version of blue painters' tape. Spoils the whole thing.
Cheaply made . Eh.  The only reason that this is not showing up as a verified purchase is because my mother ordered this for my sons and had it sent to us. That being said, The Review:  This minion toy arrived and when I opened the mail package I found him in a clear plastic packaging. Upon first inspection my thoughts were that he was cute, not like any other minion plush I have seen, and perhaps cheaply made. Once I pulled him out of the package for further inspection I  immediately noticed his cheap, plastic hair. It is already falling out and all I have done is gently removed him from his bag. There are slight dye imperfections on mine. The stitching is wonky and cheaply done in spots. His tag suggests that he is licensed but I do NOT buy it. The tags design is even out of focus. He came from China and I am pretty sure he is a knockoff.  THAT BEING SAID: My six year old will love him like any other stuffed animal. It will be loved intensely (though, probably short lived). For the price of a minion plush , he is a pretty good size. Just do not expect great, or even good, quality.
waste of money!  I got this bear in the mail it was fine when I took it out the box, I hooked it up to my computer and it said it sync on there but nothing. I could not do anything went on vtech website to personalize it I still could not do nothing, I only had it four days and now it is skipping and not playing the song.this was such a waste to buy and I love vtech products,I am still going to buy but check reviews first because this bear a lot of people complained and I still bought it.money wasted and will not buy it again
Price over Quality. You get what you pay for.  First off, if you didn't already guess, THIS IS NOT the official Pokemon Center product.  For the price, I got exactly what I paid for, bootlegs. Compared to the official products which their tags claim to be, the stitching and structure are completely off, very little attention to detail and overall sub-par quality. Speaking of the tags, if you inspect them closely, the font, sizing, and art are notably different.  Probably due to the many deformities, the size of each plush is smaller then it should be. None stand correctly and never will unless you manually fix them from square one. However after attempting so, the amount of material I was to work with was less and cheaper then given with the official counterpart. Furthermore many threads are botched are stick out all over many of the pluishies' bodies.  As an avid collector of all types of plush items, I knew from the start I wasn't going to get THE official product. This is a review to help others know exactly what they are buying. If you want a cheap bundle, congratulations, you are in the right place! However if it is quality you want, buy from trusted vendors of the official product.
Defiently not funko, don't risk it
Horrible quality. Not the right item.  Don't buy this. I'm asking for a refund because it's the wrong item.
Don't waste your money  This thing was hideous. The wings never fully opened and it is cheaply made. I paid $10 for it and had to pay $6 to ship it back. What a jip.
defect?  Received and place in the batteries but the doll can't talk. The feet lights are turn on all the time unless u press her chest. No sound can be heard except click click sound if u hold n press on her chest for a long while. Is my item defect?
Counterfeit Little Buddy  Although these are official Nintendo products and seem to be decent quality, they are not Little Buddy. They need to be advertised as miniature Mario and Luigi. My mom ordered these for my son because he asked for Little Buddy Mario and Luigi for his birthday. He was VERY upset that they were counterfeit Little Buddy. The Little Buddy Mario and Luigi have stuffed mustaches and the tags say Little Buddy. These mustaches are flat and the tags do not say Little Buddy anywhere.
Wrong height listed!  I'm disappointed that this dimension of 11" is listed as the height. It is NOT 11" tall!!! It's tiny. I'm probably going to return this item.
DO NOT BUY  Do not buy this. Mickey that was received was not the one advertised. Authentic Mickey that is advertised is on the right (I purchased it tonight after receiving the Mickey that was ordered yesterday). Mickey that was received is on the left. I was extremely disappointed with this product.
Poorly sewed and not symmetrical. Not high quality at all.  There was a problem with this plush. The circle on its head was not symmetrical as seen in their original image. In fact it looks it was not sewed properly. Also, the zone regarding its nose, to mention the right side is not properly sewed and looks shorter than its left side. Also the decorations on its extremities did not look symmetrical. Well, clearly it does not look the same as the image.
CUTE but poorly made  This Gizmo doll is so cute, but it cannot be used as a toy.  We got 2 for our daughters & as soon as we gave them to them, the hands & feet all fell out.  They weren't even attached, just stuck into the fur.  It is very poorly made.  Very disappointed.
Disappointing, to say the least  We got the Brachiosuarus 12" from Douglas Cuddle Toys for my son's 6th birthday after seeing it in a local toy store. My son opened the gift, squeezed the toy, and it made an awful hissing sound, not the dinosaur growl like the one in the store. What a disappointment for him.  Advice to Buyers - If this is an absolute, must-have for your child, don't buy from Douglas Cuddle Toys on Amazon. If you do, test the toy when it's received and be sure to give yourself plenty of time to have a replacement item (or two) shipped.
Authenticity is questionable  Arrived in a tightly compacted bag instead of a box. Due to the bag so so tightly wrapped around the plush it damaged the swing tag. This is a BAD thing considering I was going to add this lil guy to my collection.  Authenticity is questionable as well seeing as the swing tag image appears to be scanned then printed bc the image itself is pixelated except for the G and A in "Mega" which appears to be added after the scanned image was taken. He measures only 9 inches tall.  Item was shipped from China. Not Japan.
Feels like a "knock-off" compared to the one I found in store. Also has perfumed smell that won't go away (a couple of months later!). Wish I hadn't missed the return window.
False Advertising!  I also purchased this item along with the "talking ben" item and both were in plastic bags and were not "new" as described in the add.  Neither of them worked and if my daughter had kept the packing slip and told me before she gave them to my granddaughter that they were not working "AT ALL" I would have sent them back.  Will never use this vendor again, poor quality, false advertising!
Please do not buy this for your child. Bought and it didn't work so took it apart and the wires inside were exposed and really hot. If it had been placed in the tub with child, it could have severely hurt the child. STAY AWAY
Poor Workmanship  On day one, a seam opened up, and I had to hand sew it closed.  I thought Gund was made better than that!
Poor Knockoff  Completely undersized. Looks more like a knock off then anything else. Just spend a few more dollars and get the original version instead.
DO NOT BUY  Do not waste your money on this. They will send you a completely different product.. wrong size and cheap. Not from Pokemon Center.
Just really small!
He was smashed flat when I got him...  My daughter wanted this so bad, and it was such a disapointment when it arrived... the texture of the faux fur is nappy and rough, and the ears, hands and feet are Hard plastic. She had it for less then a day, and the hand fell off due to poor glue job. It wasn't worth the cost of shipping it back, so we just glued it. Cuter in the picture then real life. There was nother plush about it.. M
FAKE PRODUCT  What I received was a HUGE plush (13 inches at least) that had no tags and no "TOMY" label at all. Apparently fake. It is soft, but as another reviewer said the ears do not stand up.
Does not come quite as pictured- you get what you pay for.  I will start off by saying that, the reason this is not a verified purchase from me, if it says that, is that it was given to me as a friend, and purchased off of my wish list.  THIS IS NOT AN OFFICIAL POKEMON PLUSH!!! I knew this originally, being that it was so cheap, but not everyone is so wise. It has no tags, and is made very poorly.  There is a reason this plush is less than $10. The craftsmanship leaves much to be desired. It does not stand up on its own, the seams were slightly pulled apart in the front (and unfinished on the neck) when I got it, and the head is extremely floppy. The dark blue spots on the side that you can see in the picture, on my product, are almost half covered by the yellow belly, which just shows haphazard workmanship and a lack of care for the product in general. The ears/horns are pretty odd looking- she looks more like the Dovahkiin than Lapras. The face is also really crooked, not quite as cute as it is in the picture.  The plush was also squished- yes, literally squished- into a box that was much, /much/ too small for it. Probably about 3 inches long and 1-2 inches tall. The plush is roughly 6 inches by 6 inches, so... Yeah. Forcibly crushing an item down to more than half the size it's supposed to be is going to cause it to get a little messed up in shipping. I assume that may be why the head is so unstable, but nonetheless- not great treatment of an item.  The item was ordered for me on June 5th, and it got to me on June 23rd. So about 2 1/2 weeks later, which I think is reasonable from a plush coming from Asia. Again, I just wish it would have been packaged with more care.  The material is soft, but that's really all the praise I have to say about this.  If you're getting it for a child, I'm sure they would love this all the same- but I'm an adult, and I like my plush toys to have a little bit of quality to them. Me giving this a 2/10 it being extremely generous.  Again! You get what you pay for.
Arrived broken
Mini doesnt describe this item accurately, microscopic is more like it. It is still adorable which is why Im not giving it 1 star.
Quality is not so funny  Fabric on this version of the laughing pill is thinner than another similar one purchased at a hospital gift shop for less money.
Not 9 inches!!!!  It is a little dink of a thing... daughter very disappointed. That will teach me to read all reviews. NOT worth the price!!!!
Disappointed, small for price and already thread coming out  Son loves all star wars products, this seemed VERY small for the price and the material seems like cheap china, doubt it last long
$10 bird that my daughter begged for and it's in the bottom of her toy box. Itty bitty, too expensive.
Falsely Advertised  Falsely advertised! It came as a WHOLE different looking doll AND it was only 16"! Not 20"!
waste of money.  I bought this for my daughter and she opened it up on Christmas morning it worked once and it hasn't worked since changed the batteries and it just says she's holding it to tight and she isn't even holding it. So I would say it was a waste of money.
Initially fun, but loses appeal rapidly!
Couple Key Flaws  My son (now two) has loved Elmo for a while. This Elmo is a cute idea in theory, but even once the child knows where to push to make Elmo sneeze it's very hard to accomplish and my son is pretty big and strong for his age. You have to push the nose, but that's easier said then done for little ones. I also didn't like that the eyes are hard plastic on a stuffed toy that is geared towards young ones. Overall I think it's OK, but I wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
Save your money  Super disappointed! Starting coming apart 2 minutes after it was opened.
This was a knock-off.  Not authentic.
I like it because it is educational  The buckle toy was for my grandson's birthday. He really likes it. I like it because it is educational. Packaged well. Timely delivery.
Doesn't work with newer kindles.  Doesn't work with the newer fire tablets.  Kids were disappinted
Infant version of the product Photo  The photo on this page shows an 'evolved' version of what is shipped.  Look at other comments on this page for what you really get.  Sadly my son wanted the mature version, he received the 'baby' version.  Big bummer.  We donated ours to the salvation army. hope some one else will enjoy.  Al least they will know what they are getting.
cheap construction- not an authentic feel  This item did not have the authentic feel of a nintendo plush that my kids are used to.  For example, the eye brows were simply pieces of felt that were glued onto the head.
Late and customer service didn't care  Ordered before anything else at Christmas and got it last.  It was delivered a long time after Christmas.  I asked for compensation and was offered  nothing.  Not even an apology.  Terrible quality.  The  hats came off immediately, which wouldn't be bad, but the elf it bald underneath.
DOLL  Bought this for my daughter and my wife was very upset at the appearance of this doll.  Not sure what the kid thinks yet.
buy the other brand of this instead, this one is cheap  cheap, started to fall apart quickly. Doesn't make noise like all of the other ones. ok just to look at but not if your kid wants to play with it.
Small but cute  Small, but cute. Using in sons nursery.
It's not Mudkip - don't buy!!!!  Awful product, terrible quality, took weeks to arrive. Company is not responsive to complaints.
Terrible, do not buy.  Terrible, one arm is bigger than the other it's hard as a rock and looks like the "special" zombie. Took almost a month to get here, wouldn't recommend or buy again.
Way smaller than you think!  Such a dissapointment. I saw a decent sized one 8 n person that said it was 24 inchs so when i found a 30 inch one online i was really excited. Jowever it was 3 times as small as the one that was 24 inches? How is that possible I don't know. I was very disappointed.
It Was Okay  I am giving this 2 stars because Bonnie's eyes are derpy and they are not derpy in the pic but it's really soft so buy if you want!
Poorly Made  The dogs are very poorly made. Upon arrival, they were falling apart.
A "BEAVER TRAP"/DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE PICTURE  Received this a few days ago. It is not as nice looking as the picture: fur is ruffled, matted looking. You can barely see the eyes and nose. It does NOT sit up as this picture leads you to believe and it is not "soft and cuddly", nor very "plush" (which all mean squeezably soft to me) as described.  The teeth are too big and stick straight out to the front, not down; they are just white felt, by the way. I would not buy this if I had to do it over again, but the shipping cost of $4.99 will not be refunded; compare that to the cost of the beaver and cost for return shipping and I would be in the "hole"; i.e., the shipping to me and return shipping would cost more than the beaver.  So, don't be fooled by the picture nor the description. It is not the way this item really looks and feels.  Don't fall into their "beaver" trap.
the nose and the lips didn't match up and the color was all wrong
Matted and sad looking  This bunny looks old and matted. It is not suitable for a gift. Maybe a small child would love it. However, it looks quite cheaply made.
False selling  Plush is nice, but my plush also did not come with a card for the in game character or skin.
This doll was a lot smaller than I thought it would be.  Also, the quality was lower than I expected.  It was a gift and I was a little embarrassed to give it but not enough to deal with the hassle of returning it.
Completely wasted $6. 00  Listing claims stickers are reusable so I bought three different books. They are NOT reusable! Once you stick it to the page, that's it! Completely wasted $6.00!!
Does not look like psyduck
Please check before giving to your child  We purchased this toy for our toddler who loves Shaun the Sheep. She does love it and she plays with it a lot. However, the first time she played with it I noticed that her hands were all blackened and realised that one of the sheep's arms was leaving black dye off. I washed my child's hands and used SEVERAL baby wipes to clean the dye off the toy's arm but while doing so, I noticed that there was a steel wire coming off at the armpit. That hurt my hand while I was touching it. We decided to not return the toy as it was too much hassle for the price of it and we washed the toy in the washing machine to make sure that the dye would not come off anymore. We washed it with the wool cycle. When the cycle was finished, one of the arms had come off. This was disappointing but at least in this way we could see what is inside the arms and we could fix the problem of the wire (we used a plier to twist the steel wire until it was harmless). Basically if I had known all this I would have bought some other sheep in a toy store where I could check it out but as now the toy is fixed of both the dye-casting and the wire hazard, we are keeping it. This review is just for you all to know so you can check the toy before you give it to your child.
Terribly disappointed. Gumball machine quality for $17  Terribly disappointed.  Gumball machine quality for $17.  Fur matted, cheap plastic. Bad purchase.
Very disappointing.  Dont like this one at all. I don't like the hard eyes, and I hate the fur. Its shiny and there are spots where the fur is all sewn down or are otherwise bald. Going to have to try something else.
Should have paid more at store  This item was in a tight plastic bag with the instructions thrown in.  I couldn't even tell if it was the right Elmo it was tangled up in the package.  I took it out and I had to stretch the arms and lay him flat like the instructions said it should have been.  It had no batteries and I put some in and he was freaking out.  I turned it off and left it flat for a few hours and tried again and luckily it worked.  Next time I will beat crowds and pay extra to get in store.
The Great In-Betweeny  It's still Elmo, so our son still wants to love him. However, this iteration seems to occupy the gap between a decent plush toy and a decent educational toy. I'm just not sure this gap needed to be filled.  Let's Imagine Elmo is simply too hard, stiff, and heavy to really love on. A bit of a disappointment for our little one. On the other end of the spectrum, Elmo is capable of some interaction. While Elmo's three hats may make it feel like he is really providing a range of interactive capabilities, there is an awful lot of overlap. Playing along with Elmo gets repetitive quickly and just doesn't provide fodder for extended interest; which would be okay if, after getting bored, a child could just snuggle with Elmo, but this Elmo is not for snuggling.  Our son was pumped to get Let's Imagine Elmo out of the box, but seemed pretty disappointed after just a couple of minutes. I have to admit, witnessing the rapid decline in satisfaction was a little disappointing for me too.
DEFECTIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I ordered this toy because my 7y/o son with Autism has been saving money to buy one. As soon as he got it the foot fell off. I would put it back on & it would fall back off, I tried to fix it by using some adhesive then the fur started to rip. I would love to return it & get my money back to get a different one but my son has grown so attached to it that I know it would create a bigger problem then it is worth to return.
Product cool.  Delivery a issue.  Hard to deal with seller.  I get a lot shipped from EU and should never take this long. The product is cool and our child enjoys it.
Even I know they're knock-offs  I bought these as Christmas gifts for my nephews. But  even I being a pokemon novice know they are knock-offs. They are cute enough and for the price I am happy with them. But come Christmas morning if my nephews don't love them I will be back to update.
Misleading picture  My daughter really wants to keep this item, otherwise it would be going back.  The photo of the girl holding the Dory is not an accurate size description.  Dory is very small, like a mini version, certainly not worth $20.  I would recommend going with another vendor.
tortured by a furby. life ruined by a furby.  Subjectively speaking, this is not an enjoyable toy. Its incredibly obnoxious.. Subjectively speaking, that is. This toy ruined my life. The events that spawned from a seemingly random action by furby, dominonically ruined everything. Its a waste now. Now my life is in a wasteland. Thank you Hasbro. You created a demon.
This toy is not at all what is described in the description  First of all I waiting a long time for this toy and way so excited! But when I opened the package I was disappointed in the product. The seller provides a picture where they are pinching the carrot or doing something to it so I assumed it could be removed but only the three "snow ball" body parts come apart and it is NOT on a string like the photos show , which I didn't mind it is Velcro but It still IS NOT what the seller is claiming it to be. Also, this plush has NO SAYING AND NO PLACE FOR BATTERIES!!!!! The middle section of the body is a squeakier toy! WTF? I got this toy for my daughter not my dog! This is a total rip off and will def be getting my money back DO NOT GET THIS TOY FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!!!
Not a good buy in the long run.  My five-year-old daughter got all 5 charactertoys for Christmas in 2015. They were amazing when she got them. All the toys said cute phrases and Seemed to be made of good quality material. Fast forward a month to today and only one toy of the five is in working condition. We have tried to replace batteries, we thought that may be the wiring came apart with all the playing that she does with them. But nothing seemed to make them work again. This devastated her! If I buy these toys over again I wouldn't buy the talking toys i would go with the plush toys that you not have the option of talking. Paid wayyyy to much for them not to work!!
only received 1 NOT 2
I was disappointed to find out that the product was nothing like the picture. It was much lower quality. Not worth the money.
Does not walk only plays music.
Yo Gabba Gabba Foofa  Shipper was great! It got to me within a couple days. Was pretty accurate description. Was just bad judgement on my part. Toy was more like a stuffed doll from a claw machine. Not too loveable. I just didn't want to pay $50 for a real Foofa doll. I got what I paid for. My daughter played with it for 5 minutes on her birthday.
It's bad dude  The color is wrong, it's face is smooshed and it looks more like a dog. I wish I would have read the negative reviews before I purchased this. I highly recommend that you do not purchase this from this seller. Try finding a more reputable source.  I hope that helps.
DO NOT BUY!  What it looks like in the picture is not how it comes! It looks like a 3 year old put this together very unhappy will never buy from this seller again!
Terrible
Bummed  Disappointed! We ordered the set and we are missing Toodee. I contacted toy planet and they never responded. I even gave them a week. After contacting Amazon they helped me out. My daughter was really bummed to not see toodee in the set. She loves the others and they work perfect. Just wish it came complete and I that I would have had a response from toy planet.
Arrived yesterday, and Yoda is broken. Does not talk, does not make any sounds. Checked the batteries but no luck. It is a cute plush doll, but arrived broken. Returning.
To small for my crafting use
This is not what I ordered  Bait and Switch, I just got my Gru plush and its nothing like the one pictured. The one I received was cheaply constructed, no jacket, arms sewn to his side and screen printed face and features.
do not buy this particular item!  Very generic, this scared my grandson and he LOVES Barney!
Not satisfied  The plush looks cute but I am dissapointed with this purchase. When it arrived it was squished into a tiny plastic bag so the fins around her face were rumpled. Also it smelled of mildew. It is poor quality as the seams are splitting in different spots everyday, my daughter is not rough with this doll, she is dissapointed it is not holding up well
Not Crinkly  I ordered the bee for the crinkly wings.  When I received the toy the wings were not crinkly.  I'm not sure if I got a defective one or if the description is incorrect.  The toy is well made but without the crinkly wings it's pretty boring.  I returned it.
Too Loud  We returned this. It seemed way too loud to place it in little one's crib with him.
Peek a Boo a bust  Not happy. Her arms are way to short to play Peek a Boo. Can't cover her eyes
Very awful construction  for starters..why the hell is his hair blue?? In the product picture his hair is clearly gray/ almost silver. just arrived and his kunai knife is already spliting into layers. clearly they didn't spend enough time making this product correctly.
It was way to small and not what I paid for.  Got the wrong product.
Smashed Face and crushed spirits!  His head was smashed in and we didn't realize it until we unpacked it Christmas Eve to put out for Santa.  We told our little girl Santa must have set on him.
Buyer Beware!  I purchased this toy as a gift, but before wrapping checked to see if it needed batteries. The good news was it came with batteries, the bad news was the batteries were corroded, & it didn't work. I have ordered several interactive toys from Amazon in the past & experienced disappointment with damaged or malfunctioning products, therefore no more Amazon shopping of this sort for me!
Broken when received  Cute,  but broken when I received it. Says it suppose to makes sounds when the wand is waved & the one I received makes no noise at all
My child will not be happy with this  I ordered a woody tsum tsum and received a buzz lightyear. My child will not be happy with this.
not great  VERY SMALL , my son won't even play with it.. I was hoping for a larger one to throw on his bed..
not good  nose is upside down and missing eye
Small.  Smaller roses.
Loved the idea  Loved the idea, but the music does not play long enough for my little one to fall asleep too! Would be nice if they could add elmo's lullaby with Andrea Bocelli too it
This stupid bird I want to kill Stella
Disgusting. Quality is nothing like what is shown  Disgusting. Quality is nothing like what is shown. Reviews must be false. DO NOT BUY What I received was a dirty fake toy with boobs and bad stitching. I would laugh if it wasn't so terrible.
No sound as advertised  I bought this under the impression that it made sounds. Unfortunately it does not and thankfully my son still liked it anyway.
A lot smaller than I had liked, My child still loves it  A lot smaller than I had liked, My child still loves it. For the price I wish it was a bit larger, its the equivalent to a prize in a kids meal.
Decent Imitation  I was very disappointed that this was a knock off. They say it's official, but it came with no official tags and is under the name Scott Hawthorn not Scott Cawthon. Just buy the FunKo Brand for the same price.
It was a counterfeit ugly doll. I ordered a few directly from the ugly doll store while ordering Trunko and there were very noticeable differences between the real ones and this one.
Great toy but did not come in box or did not have a tag. Could not give it as a gift
Not 9.5"!!!!  Item is not at all 9.5"!! Its actually closer to 6"...
Diminished quality  I've recently bought 2 because the first worked intermittently after the first 3 months . The second one stopped working altogether after 1 month. Really disappointed with the quality. I had bought one about 7 years ago and it was dependable & a favorite toy of my granddaughter.
Not what it says  While this deal sounded great, it did not include the extras I paid the extra money for.
Stained When Received :(  Arrived with numerous stains.  Sent back for a refund without issue.
Not Impressed  Purchased this for my daughter(age 7) on a lightening deal for Christmas since she loves to play with just about any toy. Regardless if it's a coloring book & crayons or Barbies. After downloading the App & naming her Furby. She played for 3 rounds of hatching eggs, having the Furby use the restroom (which the toilet slides off the screen to "pretend" the Furby is using it, then the toilet comes back on the screen to show you what the Furby has done(quite disgusting when a HUGE TOOSTIE ROLL looking image appears)), showering the Furby, feeding the Furby. After 30 minutes my daughter got up from the table & told me to have fun with "that Stupid thing" & walked away never looking back to play with it. As of today it's still sitting in the box, it's on the regift list. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY, it's a good thing it didn't cost me full price cause I would have been returning it.
Unclear presentation  The descriptions seemed a bit misleading. There were other similar toys with varying prices so that it was difficult to determine which one had which features.
Not as advertised  Items listed as large plush but are not. They are the smaller stuffed toys.the upside is they arrived early.
Beep sound too hard to push and locate for a child
That is NOT going to look great under the tree on Christmas  Product did not arrive as pictured.  It is clearly shown in the box,  yet mine arrived shoved in a plastic bag.  That is going to look great under the tree on Christmas.  So disappointed!!!!!!
My chuld hardly looka at it and he loves buckles. He stands foreve at his highchair playing with the buckle. But he doesn't like this toy and the plastic the buckles are made of is really think and weak.
Poor quality  Cool you, seam busted on first playing.
Cute!
item not as shown in the picture. dissapointing
When we received this it was broken and didn't even play music.
YCK  I made the assumption that Elmo would sing a song.  All he sings is la la la.  Yck!!!!
The product is great but you can get at target or walmart for $6.99
Child can pull out the strings  This item is dangerous to children.  The string come out all over. Red thread can be pulled out by the child and the child can choke on these if swallowed.
It has a short  It is the most annoying thing ever!  When you press it does not finish and is like a broken record.
Cheap looking  Not worth the price, smaller than expected
Not what it appears  I was SO disappointed in this stuffed animal and now I can understand why it was much less expensive than the original Plush Llama Llama.  Even though it says that it's 2 inches bigger than the original, it's probably a fourth of the size, meaning the girth.  It's a floppy, dinky stuffed animal and was almost laughable when I opened it.  The description should specify that although it might be longer than the original, it's quality falls well below.
Definitely not worth $60...
Misleading  A lot smaller than I thought or hoped. Plus I didn't know there was going to be a suction cup attached. And some strings weren't even sewn in all the way. Only benefit is that it is very soft. I honestly don't even think I received the correct product??
Bad communication  Even in a room with no noise, iPad2 turned up, and Furby Boom very close to the iPad2, more than half the interactions between Furby Boom and the app have to be repeated. Not sure if I have a defective model or what. Returning it.
Sad child  The seems were not sewn properly, the stuffing was coming out. I had to sew them so my son could even play with it.
I got a HORRIBLE Charmander! The face is disgusting  I think the seller does not have the ORIGINAL TOMYS anymore. I got a HORRIBLE Charmander! The face is disgusting!! It does not have a tag and in the white one near the tail, it does not say TOMY. DO NOT PURCHASE!!!!!
My toddler would feed this 6" airplane to the cat.  Ridiculous price (~$15) for a 6x3x3 plush toy.  The seller was honest about the size, but the toy looks as if it was marked up from 27.  The word for this product would be chintzy.  Any parent who wants a product like this ought to read the price and description carefully.  A child old enough (+2) interested in real airplanes would be deeply disappointed. I fiound one product that is large enough to satisfy a little boy's imagination. It's a 13" multicolored plush plane and it's a reasonable price ($15) but an airplane pillow needs to be maybe 18" to be big enough to snuggle with.  Not worth 1 star
Not worth the price  Super small not what I was expecting for the price is not worth buying it... wish is cheaper sorry but not worth the price. And also was defective stitching was not made right.
Very disappointed as it was a Christmas gift for my grandson  Did not work. Did not light up or play music. Very disappointed as it was a Christmas gift for my grandson.
She was slightly disappointed height was 5 inches  There was no info on-line regarding height of this toy. My daughter was hoping this toy was at least 7 - 9 inches in height. She was slightly disappointed height was 5 inches.
Very ugly and cheap and ripped with holes I got two and tried to let the seller no and won't respond to fix issue.  Don't buy not worth a penny
Don't waste your $$  This is the second one I've purchased that has arrived with holes. Will not be purchasing again. Extremely disappointed!
Tore VERY easily .. even though it is supposed to be a stretchkin!
gizmo  not bad for the price but i don't like the color of the hands ears and feet it was off from the picture i also notice a lot of glue around some of the ears mouth and eyes all and all not bad
Non talking plush doll  I was sent a plush doll that does not talk. I am returning it to Amazon but am now afraid to order another one because I don't want another non-talking plush doll that we will have to again send back to Amazon. Trapped in a vicious cycle!  AHHH!!
Shockingly TINY! Really wish I had read the reviews first!! Can't believe I paid $18 for nothing more than a desk toy. Was going to be a Christmas gift- but is only barely worthy of a stocking stuffer...
Overrated  Bought it as a Christmas gift for my niece. Cute idea to have hatchlings etc but didn't hold my niece's interest for very long. 1 week was all it took for Furby to claim its space on the toy shelf, never to be touched again!
Most Annoying Toy Ever  HORRIBLE... This has to be the most annoying toy that we have ever had in our home, and that is saying a lot. We have 4 kids, so we have had our share of those loud toys that drive us crazy. This one takes the cake. My kids had to have this for Christmas last year. After one day, they hated it. It is loud, annoying, and won't stop talking until you pull his tale and hold it until you count to 10 and it falls asleep. We had to put it in the closet.
Bought two and neither one worked out of the box.  I got one of them to work, although it makes a grinding noise, and the other still refuses to drop when you clap your hands.
Small for the price.
the battery  is dead on the Snoopy and it has no opening to replace the battery or are you suppose to be able to replace the battery...
it looked like trash and the wing was stitched to its butt  not worth the money at all... it looked like trash and the wing was stitched to its butt..... i cant believe they sold this product to me in such a condition.
just a collectors item not a real toy... there can be only one.  I ordered this with the idea that there were going to be 3 of them like it says in the description. There was only one. I was planing on giving one to my niece one to my friend who likes gremlins and keeping the other for myself. like I said there was only one when I received it I wrote Neca they told me that they would give me a refund if I returned it. I needed the one for a Christmas gift so I kept it. They were only slightly cheaper from the other sellers, and I would have wasted more to ship it back. Gizmo's ears are way too hard to give to my niece anyway. And I will just order me one off ebay after Christmas.
Deceptive  The picture is real deceiving. The actual product has the quality of a doll you'd get from a claw machine.
Toy fell apart and became unsafe  My daughter received this toy for a gift. Loved it but was not able to play with it more than a couple times due to the quality and subsequent safety concerns. Disappointed in this for the price of the toy.
It's cute, but only half the size listed in the description. Very disappointed! I will not be giving it as a gift like I had planned; I am returning it.
Cute but not great quality  Very cute. Baby likes it. Poor craftsmanship. The seams are coming apart one one of the ears and along the back. Maybe used twice? Unsure how to contact customer service regarding this issue.
Not quite what I expected.
Cute by boy friend loved it
How does the price double in less than 2 weeks :(  The elephant is super cute I bought it on March 17th,2017 for $7 and some change and honestly thought it was going to be larger than what I got, yes I read the dimensions so i new it actually size, but now it has DOUBLED in cost and no way I will ever purchase this again. Which is a shame because I was just about to order 5 more for friends
Disappointing!  I read the raving reviews and also a few poor reviews but I took a risk and bought one for my 2.5 year old son when Big Hugs Elmo went on sale. After reading the reviews, I made sure to take Elmo out of the box and install batteries before presenting it to my son so he could be greeted with an interactive Elmo. My son likes Elmo so it seemed like love at first sight. He instinctively ran up and hugged Elmo when I handed it to him. At first, he pretended to feed Elmo, talked to him, and asked me to help him put a diaper and baby clothes on Elmo. My son danced and jumped with Elmo and almost fooled me into thinking it was a winner. He thought Elmo was a hoot when he fell asleep and started snoring. Then my son thought it was really weird how Elmo sleeps with his eyes open! He got past that abnormality and fell asleep holding Elmo the first night. Then day two...he saw Elmo, walked right past him and played with his other toys instead. It's been week and Elmo hasn't had any other play time, even when we bring it over for him to play with it. I was rather disappointed too since he's not as "huggable" as I had hoped. Elmo has relatively soft fur but his torso is comprised of a hard box. He's top heavy so he doesn't sit well and he has big, hard eyes. My baby daughter was sitting next to Elmo smiling at him talking to her until Elmo fell forward hitting her on the forehead and making her cry. Unfortunately, this toy turned out to be a huge disappointment, even for my son who used to be an Elmo fan.
Fake  This isn't the real Ender Dragon. It's a knockoff. Yes, it is neat, but the material isn't the same as the real one, and the colors are a bit off. My son is 5 and noticed right away.
Still not getting it  When I posted a negative review of a toy HIV virus last year, my fellow Amazonians accused me of lacking a sense of humour, not understanding the educational value (!) of the product, etc.  I admit that I still don't get it. What so fun about Mad Cow disease? It can be transmitted to humans, and is fatal. Other "educational toys" in this product line include "Flesh Eating Streptococcus", "Multiple-Resistant Staphylococcus", Lyme Disease, Swine Flu, Food Poisoning and - wait for it - Ebola.  This is supposed to be fun?  Call me old-fashioned, but I think giving the kids a toy symbolizing a deadly disease is...well, sick. Or at the very least, diseased.
Lugia pokemon plush  The plush I reseved does not look like the one in the picture also The Lugia plush I have is more of a blue then white and his face is weird and looks smaller. its kinda expansive for the condition that it is in.
Disappointed.  Cute doll. I ordered a boy doll. Girl doll was sent to my grandson. Disappointed.
Poor quality
Not a black Yoshi  Received my purchase on time... Did not receive a back Yoshi, I received a grey Yoshi.
badly made
Nice character but shipment was missing Mario the lead man. No resolution to date
disapointed after seeing so many good reviews :(  yes it's soft, cute, and small. But what is horribly wrong with this plush is that the mouth and nose are uneven. The lines that connect and "lips"/ mouth are not connected at all. The plush looks too weird for me to give it as a present :( I was going to order another one but i'm scared it'll come in the same condition.
Dont waste money  Very cheap.  Dont waste money
Looks nothing like the picture.  the actual item is poorly marked and looks mean like a weasel . Not like the picture at all. Giving it to my dogs instead of my friend. .
Not as pictured!  Do not buy! I just got mine and it looks nothing like the nice one in the picture. It is much smaller than you would expect, and it is scruffy looking for a lack of a better word. Like cat in the hat with rabies. It's not cute as pictured. I am not happy and will be returning!
it turned out to be a huge stuffed animal!
Really small
Don't Buy..  This thing looks big in the pic, but is only 5 inches high in real life... Horrible, I wouldn't reccomend.
The picture is deceiving. They are tiny and fit in the palm of your hand. Not worth the money
Looks nothing like a picture  This s*** is ugly. Looks nothing like a picture.
Cheap  Cheap and very small
Slow
lame  not what i expected...the sound coming from Olaf is very faint. Not worth the $30 I spent at ALL!  trash.
I'd bought a much larger version of the same toy in a chain store for my dog.  He loves it and  I thought I'd replace it  alines it was old and tatty.  I should have checked the size online.  This one is very tiny and way dearer than the larger one.
Save your money.  I wish I had spent the extra $2 for the one from Walmart which was twice the size of this thing. I received this shopkins plush a day late which wouldn't be too big a deal if I wasn't PAYING for two day shipping. That aside the dimensions listed in the description is 3.5 x 7.5 x 10 in. This is not 10 inches tall. It's barely 8 inches. I'm very disappointed with what I thought was a good deal. Instead my niece gets a mini doll for her birthday. And as much as I'd like to return it, she's been expecting it and doesn't want to wait even longer for a larger one.
Do not buy: cheap poorly made knock off  The face is nothing like the picture, the ears are smushed over its face, its got little pieces of fabric to decorate the ears when thats not accurate to the character, the neck fluff is detachable, its tail is way too big for its body, its much smaller than expected. I got it for my girlfriend who loves Pok&eacute;mon, and she loves it anyway because its special, but I was disappointed and honestly embarrassed to give it to her. You should never have to apologize when giving someone a gift. Look at the pictures others have provided, these things are knock offs. DO NOT BUY
Would NOT recommend this item for this price  Very tiny and worth probably $1 at the The Dollar Tree.  Paid $15.  Would NOT recommend this item for this price.
Wtf is wrong with sasuke  The face is messed up and the head band does go all the way down and the shorts aren't even other then that it came fast and it's a good product I love my sasuke plush
counterfeit  Not official mojang ghast
FAKE reproduction. Not authentic Poke Canvas.  This is NOT a Pokemon Canvas plush but a fake reproduction. Do not be fooled by this seller. :/ I have a version of the real authentic plush, and this is a not-so-well made imposter. They must have clipped the tag off a real one and just reattached it. The markings are fabric-painted on instead of embroidered like every other Canvas plush, and the stitching is frayed and cheap.
smaller than it looks  my son loves tigger so we bought this its really small and seems more like a dog toy but we kept it because you cant find much of tigger
Affordable but it came with stains  I was excited that this was an affordable Elmo toy.  I am disappointed that it came with two stains on the doll arms and eyes.
Not like pictured  Looks nothing like this... It fits in the palm of my hand... Poorly made... Also says it's still shipping... I received before Xmas. It looks like it's been stepped on and smudged.
took very long time to get it and very poor made
Do not buy from Fantasycart  First off the product smelled horribly. Secondly the coloring is the wrong shade of Yellow, beak is upside down, eyes are wonky and spaced too. If you are looking an official one this is not it.
Smaller than expected  Very disappointed. Was a lot smaller than I was envisioning. I realize the measurements were posted, but it could've been a lack of reference point in the item image that made it deceiving. The "roar" sound is an annoying "beeeeep."
Within a day or 2 of my son having it Mario's nose started coming off.
don't waste your money  Horrible quality, cheaply made, very disappointed.  Not same as one pictured, even the tag is different.
Though it states a DVD is included, one was not.  I emailed stretchkins twice, no response
elmo's got a glitch  It is soooo irritating to hear people who got the "functional" elmo dolls calling the rest of us with the "glitch" dolls, crazy for leaving bad reviews.  It isn't our fault that Fisher Price screwed up and a ton of these dolls & that they do not work with certain service paks or have malfunctioning usb cables. Fisher price is sending me 2 dolls, but only after i send back the broken ones- its Thursday and my daughter's party is Sunday!  I'm extremely disappointed with Fisher Price and i'm sure the functioning elmo dolls are a wonderful toy- wish I had one.
This is not the real nemo tsum tsum! colors are faded, fur is not even soft.
The company sucks!  I ordered two items, they sent the first one pretty quick, but the Flingshot Flying Monkey never came. I wrote a letter to complain, the company replied they already sent it. Now almost another month left, I still didn't get anything!!!
Do not buy it looks horrible
adorable but very fragile  I saw a friend with this & LOVED IT... HAD TO HAVE IT...  However, adorable.. But my son knocked it over while it was in play mode a few times & now it doesn't work properly... It's a shame cause it's a really neat toy
To small don't waste your money
Great product, our daughter is going to love her nes dolls!  Shipment isn't guaranteed. You may need to contact them several times before they get around to shipping it. Good news, it eventually arrived and they refunded our money for being unprofessional.
After reading all the reviews it suddenly dawned on me!  Do I want my little guy getting hugs from a robotic toy? THIS MAKES NO SENSE!  I will buy a Gund stuffed Elmo with no batteries....
it is small
Very cute and great quality but wasn't as big as I was expecting  Very cute and great quality but wasn't as big as I was expecting. Maybe the size of my hand.
What?  Had a chemical smell. Item was tossed in a box. Had no plastic around it. Not fit to give a child. Needed washing.
Dosent come with Dick...Grayson  Does not let me strip him naked
Beware  The product I received was clearly counterfeit and was not as described nor as pictured. Not an authentic product. Does not have Disney logo on foot, received today and top button already coming off. Eyes not the same as picture. Cheap fabric. Disappointed after paying $25!!! Consider yourselves warned!
does not look very good
The dogs destroyed them in one sitting  I bought these for my dogs, thinking they were like a set of Angry Birds someone gave me awhile back..  These were cheap and sleazy and got torn apart almost immediately.
BUYER BEWARE  Nice product but multiple errors in the order made the buying experience a total pain.  I ordered one but ended up receiving three & that's just the beginning...
Frustrated!  We bought this for our daughter's birthday. It took us a really long time to wake Olaf up. We would put the remote above the middle button just like it was stated in the instruction manual. We would press his hand and push all the buttons. Nothing seemed to work. After playing around with him for a while, he would wake up and sing and dance. The kids really seem to enjoy playing with him but then he would suddenly turn off for no reason. And then we were back to where we began with trying to figure out how to to turn him back on. Very disappointed. But luckily my kids don't care and they just love having Olaf around.
... Tsum Tsum and you only get 1 not both like  Not real Tsum Tsum and you only get 1 not both like pictured
But I like how its nice and fluffy  It's ugly in reality. The picture is kind of deceiving. But I like how its nice and fluffy.
... leaves 300 miles away from me so was really disappointed  I sent to my niece for her birth day and when she got it was messed up no battery and rip on the back but she leaves 300 miles away from me so was really disappointed
Damaged goods  When I got this, the one foot had a huge tear in it
Downloading fails  I found the USB cord supplied very wobbly and my computer would send messages that the device was detected then that it wasn't.  The data downloaded and the bar indicating that download would get to 100% complete and then a window popped up that said it failed.  I too tried different batteries.  The download had succeeded to a point despite all the above.  The doll would say "Hi, Elise" and begin a song and then stop in the first verse.  Then Elmo would be like dead, no button or squeezing produced any result.  If I'd take the batteries out and put them back in sometimes it would then say "Let's play, Elise!"  It seems clear from the letters here that it is not a user problem, the device has defects.  I have Windows 2000XP but doubt that matters since there is partial capture of the data, I suspect the Elmo's chip.  The Fisher-Price website has a page set up that awards replacements with the receipt, so it must be a fairly large problem. Yet, when I asked the phone helpline if the problem has been fixed, they said "what problem"!
Not worth the price  Poor quality.  Crusty glue on hair accessory of plum doll.  Stitching coming apart on lemon doll with stuffing pulling out.
Horrible quality!  Horrible quality! The eyes on Luma are lopsided! This was supposed to be birthday present for my daughter. Not worth the money at all. The feet aren't filled with the stuffing & its head (point) isn't either. Very disappointed!
Nothing in the description says it comes with just one. The picture makes you believe there are two! Way to expensive for just one!!
Not Pleased  My shipment arrived with dvds that I ordered which caused the wings to be bent and crushed. Too many tags were on her. I would not advise anyone to buy this unless it was by itself.
... grey portion of the tail was cracked and looked terrible.  The grey portion of the tail was cracked and looked terrible.
Inaccurate Product Description!  This product is not 7" in height as described. It's 5" if that. Item returned!
... this item as a surprise Christmas gift and was disappointed because when received "it did not work"  Was looking so forward to receiving this item as a surprise Christmas gift and was disappointed because when received "it did not work"! Will not reorder.
Cheap  Cheaply made and very slow delivery not what I expected at all.  Wish I would have gone with a different toy.
I was very disappointed thought this was a big blanket
Not 9.5 inches  This plushie is only 6.5 inches. Walmart carries these for $12. I over paid.
Do not purchase this Chica  Horrible! It was not authentic. No box, cheap...a complete rip off.
Hole  Would have been great, but it came with a small hole on the top of its head.
VERY poor quality.  The fibers are coming apart and the detail on the doll is just plain awful.  :-(  I hope my little one likes it.  I can't let her play with it, as the string and fibers end up in her mouth.  DO NOT BUY FOR INFANTS!
... only gave this one star because I was extremely disappointed when this item arrived  I only gave this one star because I was extremely disappointed when this item arrived. In October I ordered a Large Pikachu plush & it was great. This time however, I also ordered a Large Pikachu plush & got this. At best it's a medium plush, but I don't have any more time to waste by returning it. I won't get a new plush in time for my granddaughter's birthday.
Not happy - Packaging was HORRIBLE!  I am giving this 2 stars because I adore the actual Buddha. I received one as a gift from a friend and when I needed to buy a baby shower gift, this was the perfect present for my fellow yoga teacher's baby. I received the box last week and set it aside. When I took it out to wrap for my shower tomorrow, the box was ripped in multiple spots, the corners were smashed, the actual Buddha fell out as the box opened. I am mortified that I have to give a gift in this condition. I will NOT be purchasing this again even though it's a great gift idea for adults and children. I wish I had taken pics before I wrapped it. If I didn't need it for tomorrow, I would be returning it. This is the first negative review I have EVER given on Amazon. Not happy at all.
Not life size roses that's for sure...  9 inches long. Very small! The actual bud of the flower is very tight and awkward looking. I will probably use these for a craft project for pens at work instead.
FAKE! FALSE ADVERTISING!  NOT A FUNKO ORIGINAL! FAKE!! MY SON SPENT ALL HIS BIRTHDAY MONEY ON THIS FAKE CHINESE KNOCK OFF!!!!
Bummer  Bought this toy because it stated in talked...not growled.  I am so upset about this purchase...it was bought for my 5 year old grandson who loves YODA and he liked it but was not excited!
Bad.. But not terrible.  Well.. For starters they are DEFEINIETLY not as the picture shows. Espeon looks super weird and its dot is a piece of red felt that looks super glued, Flareon just looks like a recolored Eevee, Umbreon's yellow marks are sort of plasticy and stickerish, Glaceon has a giant forehead, Jolteon's nose is not where it's nose should be, Leafeon's tail is pealing in some spots and has a hole in its head, Vaporeon's frill is huge, Eevee's tail looks a tumor, and Sylveon's ribbons are all darker then the rest of the body . But despite ALL the negatives, the shipping was fast, they are super soft, all 9 showed up, kind of cute, and will eventually grow to love them.
Absolutely a waste of money  Extremely small and cannot hear the giggle. Unfortunately I was out of town and the 30 days for return expired. Absolutely a waste of money.
the toy was torn and sloppily sewed.
Disappointed in the size of Elsa.  I was totally disappointed in the size of the doll.  I bought all of the plus characters for my granddaughter, Elsa was the most expensive and she was way smaller than the other plus dolls.  For the price I paid I feel that the Elsa doll should have been the same size as Anna.  I bought Sven and his size was great for his price.  Just feel we got short changed on the  Elsa doll.
looks cute and hops cute but sound is nothing like a bunny - the first time it was turned on, it started making a "sound" like it will not last long
It was working great when I received it  It was working great when I received it, in fact the mailman said he heard it during his whole shift, was so excited to give it to my nephew for Christmas, that I gave it early. He had it in his possession for all of 15minutes, then it stopped working. All i did was pull the tags off, and it never giggled again. There is also no way to get inside the ball to check the batteries, unless I rip through the stitching and then put it back together. Im really upset, but not worth the money to return it for another at this point.
The elephant is great, soft and loveable  The elephant is great, soft and loveable.... but I want to buy more and they doubled the price. I will look somewhere else.
hairless  After a few weeks princess leia's hair bun's seams have come off and I've had to try sew it back. I checked the stitchwork on it and it's pretty shoddy. I have 3 and 4 year olds who like to play with it. They don't really pull the bird's hair out, they just like to throw it around so I was surprised that they damaged it already.
Worst quality. Definitely not a product of Pokmon  AWFUL! Who in the world is giving this thing good reviews?! One leg is falling off and the seam on its throat is completely unsewn. The horns are completely bent and sewn on crooked. Multiple seams are barely stitched along the body. I ordered a replacement to see if I get lucky on one that isn't garbage but not going to hold my breath. It came smashed in a bag with Olia Designs stamped on a sticker. Olia Designs has got to be kidding me.... Check my pics because Im not exaggerating. It only gets one star because I have to give it a star to come tell you how bad it is. Edit: I reordered hoping for a decent one. Its also coming unstitched with horribly misshapen horns. Theres no way Im paying $25 for this piece of junk
TINY  Read product description very carefully.  It's TINY and the first picture is deceiving. The toy I received isn't as nearly cute. I was going to return it but return shipping was going to cost almost 1/2 what I paid for the item itself.  I didn't seem worth it in the end. I'm so disappointed.
We did not receive a Funko product.  We received a Sanshee plush, the eyes were cockeyed and it is just a mess.
Knock off  This is not an authentic Funko product as advertised.  It took a month to get here and my daughter was very disappointed when she opened it. It is smaller than the original Funko plushies and has a strange looking face. Do not order this if you are looking for a Funko product!
wasnt what i expected  Way to small!
I have a very disappointed child.  Fake.... I bought one from a different seller last month which was a "real" Poppy and then bought this one for my other daughter as she wanted the same. Its much smaller and cheap looking as well tag says DJ Suki. I have a very disappointed child.
Believe the negative reviews when you read them!  Believe the negative reviews when you read them. So disappointed that the Elmo is NOT the correct height in length advertised. It's 17in and not the advertised 20in. I am only keeping and not returning it because my husband threw the other Elmo away that was torn up and I need this replacement so my son won't have a fit; otherwise it would be going back to Amazon.  This is my second disappointment with Amazon three strikes and they're going to be out - meaning that I won't be renewing my Prime Membership :(  Gave it 1 bcs I had to. Rating is really a negative 0!
My grand baby liked it.  Very small. My grand baby liked it.
Desappointed  When it says "talking" tom I expected the toy to talk the same as the app but no, doesn't talk like that.
Junk!  Horrible!!!! This toy came in a plastic bag inside a box........ it was for my granddaughter for her 2nd birthday and it NEVER worked! A very disappointed little girl and a mad grandmother 
waste of money  would have been cute if i received it
Not as described. Terrible quality. Flimsy factory work. Worth 25 cents.  Item was not as described. Flimsly put together. Terrible worksmanship. You could get similar quality item out of a claw machine in an arcade for 25 cents instead of paying 20+$ on it.  Absolutely outraged we paid for such a terrible item.
Received different dolls  Dolls shown in item description is not what I received. The dolls I ordered were not as cute.
$50 for a small stuffed animal that looks and feels super cheap? But no  Bought this for a friend for Christmas. When I saw it I thought it must be a mistake. $50 for a small stuffed animal that looks and feels super cheap? But no, its real. So not worth it.
Bad speaker  Received it and thought the battery was dead so I went and bought new batteries. Nope it's the speaker that is bad on it so it's sounds crappy when the button is pressed.
Not original Mickey  Not original Mickey, I have more Mickey plush and the material are really different, Is said Disney was the seller I thought was original.
but what arrives looks nothing like the picture  For $5.99 and free shipping you can't expect much, but what arrives looks nothing like the picture.  Looks like an elementary school project gone wrong.  See for yourself...
ANDDDDD amazon charged me 7 dollars just to return the useless item.  way over priced!  ANDDDDD amazon charged me 7 dollars just to return the useless item.
Never received  Estimated delivery time stated 5 (business) days and here it is the 19th day and no package. Amazon makes it impossible to contact them to resolve the issue, all you'll allowed to do is select the 'pre-selected' problems. Mine don't fall into any of the 4 I can select.  Would appreciate a resolution to this issue since it was ordered as a Christmas gift well in time to receive to gift...however the tracking package button states it's stuck in New Jersey, one state away. Argh.
Strange  Opened package to find writing all over the chest and side. It was a series of numbers which made no sense.  Thought I would keep it since she saw it and got excited but after finding the voice box sharply placed in his upper chest and did not play it needed to be returned. How could a new toy have a series of large numbers written all over it and why not play it to see if it works before shipping?
Very disappointing item. Having trouble returning. Never again!
The side coconut already ripped it's only been 1 week with it
Toy was a waste of time  I bought this for my daughter who absolutely ADORES Flower, well it came with a hole in the tail, and the person I bought it from REFUSED to help me. I ended up throwing it away as it was unfixable :( It was soft from when I got to hold it, but the was to try and fix the tail, and then to throw it in the trash!
It was much smaller than I thought.
Don't catch this one  I was really excited about getting this, especially with the month long wait on shipping, but now that I have it, I'd return it if I could. Don't get me wrong, it actually is pretty good quality, great soft material, but the color is way off. It's more yellow than brown, and even the tag shows Eevee's real color doesn't match. This looks a bit more like Jolteen if you ask me.
This is TINY not medium......  this is no 'medium' size...it's about 6" tall. Bogus listing!
Over priced
Like a prize you would win at a fair  Quality felt cheap to me.  Like a prize you would win at a fair.  Maybe worth $5; definitely not worth $40!
Not what was on the picture or disc.  We did not get what was pictured there was no scuttle or sabastion or boat. One of the dresses can barley be put on Ariel as the sleeve holes are too small for Ariels hand.
bad plush, do not buy expecting it to look like picture  the doll I received is not vibrant in color, the hat is different and the glasses are different. my kids were very disappointed in the quality of this plush. I contacted the seller and they have yet to get back with me regarding my complaint. I have been waiting 3 days.
Incorrect item  This item was listed as a large plush, but is actually a small one (like 6 in x 6 in). I wish this had been represented correctly, but I kept it anyway.
... son LOVES little blue truck and this was his favorite toy opened on Christmas  My son LOVES little blue truck and this was his favorite toy opened on Christmas... but within a couple of hours the "beep beep beep" button no longer works and there is no way to change batteries.  Extremely disappointing!!!
Have a sewing kit handy  The toy was a nice size but when we opened it out of the box it had two holes in it already. My son didn't even touch it and we have to fix it already..
Deceptive seller  Advertised as 11 inch but actually listed on the invoice as 9 inches, but after measuring it's closer to 7.  False advertising.  Deceptive seller.
Disappointment  No off button. Your child has to grow muscles before he is able to press this thing to make any sound. Very expensive. Have to keep the screw driver next to you so you can swixh the thing on and off. I wish i can return it. Most waisted 40 pounds of my life.
A lot small then it said it would be
Not thrilled, think she is used.  Unprofessionally packaged, handwritten label.  Hair a total mess, hair falling out and who knows what in the hair!  Thought I was ordering a new product.
arrived dirty  Arrived in a sealed plastic bag, however there was a black hard substance stuck to the elmos face and the item looked dirty. Definitely returning asap.
Its just OK.
One leg fell and one arm has fallen off so far...
When my nephew opened his gift, the Rudolph stuffed animal was broken. The battery exploded inside. I'm really upset about this. Wasted money. And it looked like it had been rewrapped.
very cheaply made  very cheaply made. not a good value at all. not a great resemblance either. too bad theres not a whole lot available this is best i could find
What a disappointment! And now I look like a  This is a lie, this one don't do the play customization, I bought it for my nephew. What  a disappointment! And now I look like a lier
Defective  It did not speak from the time we purchased it. Defective.
flying monkey is adisappointment  The description said it would make noise as it flew through the air...it did not. my grandson still played with it for a while... it was just not as fun as your description implied
Piece of Junk  The idea is cute but the execution is poor.  One of the arms ripped off after a few uses, save your money, the quality is poor and the product doesn't stand up to the intended use.  This product lasted less than one day.
Dnt buy from JCT Supply  The one I received was fake
nothing is mached up  it looks like I have a drunk frog eyes are looking opisit ways and one is higher, mouth is a inch off from the front and one side is all bundled up because of it. don't waist your $ on this one
Not what I expected but it was cute. I returned it.
extremely overpriced  be warned - this stuffed animal is extremely overpriced - as mentioned in other reviews, this is a tiny size, which cost $10 - $15
Looks nothing like the one advertised  It took three weeks to get here, and when it did, we discovered that it looked very deformed and ugly and nothing like the Charmander pictured here. Its head and eyes are misshapen, its mouth is very strange, his hands and feet are all wrong, and his stomach and tail fire are all wrong too. I guess some people got lucky and got the right thing, but I (among others) did not! Very disappointed. In the process of trying to return this.
Most annoying toy ever  Make the noise stop!!!  We received this as a gift and initially thought it was sweet and easy for an infant to use.  After about five minutes, we realized there was no variation in the sound nor any sort of off button.  And it had a motion sensor fine tuned enough to guard the Mona Lisa at the Louvre. It was left on top of a shelf and when the heat turned on in our daughter's room, the flow of air would make the wand sound.  Over and over again.  On top of that, there seemed to be the world's most powerful batteries included.  It.  Just.  Wouldn't.  End.  Finally, my husband cut the toy open to remove the batteries before throwing it away.  We didn't want to torture people as the toy made it's way to the city dump.  It is cute, but it needs an off button.  That would make a world of difference.
doesnt do what i thought it was going to do you have to use the remote the whole time
I feel like I got ripped off  What you see in the pic is not what you get. I feel like I got ripped off. I would not order from here!!!!!!!
Not as pictured  The bunny in the picture is not the same bunny I received. The one I got looks stoned. Droopy eyes and cannot stand upright. Very dissapointed.
ornament??  My boss had me order these for her three children...total waste.  These things could very easily be hung on a Christmas tree.  She had me return them.
Bootlegs!  Please be aware, this is 100% a bootleg product that is NOT AT ALL endorsed by Pokemon Center!!! Lots of people are complaining of the shoddy quality that they are receiving - the toys are not authentic in the slightest. The easiest way to tell for Mega Charizard is checking its toe claws, if they are made of stiff fabric (not stuffed) it is undoubtedly a fake. If you're just looking for a plushie to own, it's an acceptable choice (but please be aware you're supporting an unscrupulous business) but collectors should be aware that this is very fake, and all the many flaws people are reporting are bound to come with it.
This is not the item I ordered.  I ordered this as a gift for my sister the med student. It was advertised as a single, standard-sized plush. Instead she received a "petri dish" box of small plushes. She loved these, but I could have gotten a petri dish box for less than half the price!
I purchased this for my 2month old nephew who lives in another country and he loves the blanket. The only issue is he didn't receive the book with it. Very disappointing
Fur was matted and smushed and stuffed animal was super small and had different types of fur on body than head...not what I expected at all
Cute, but the marterial started falling apart in just 2 days.
Sheriff Woody Plush Toy  I did not like this  Sheriff Woody Plush Toy, I thought is would be bigger and it was not what I expected, I returned it.
Not a good buy  You cannot just sit Elmo on the potty. You have to forcefully hold him there and make sure is legs are straight out. Very discouraging for a small child learning to potty train. My daughter couldn't understand why elmo still "had an accident" even though she placed him on the potty. Not a good buy at all. Very disappointing and not worth the money spent!!
Poorly made  It's so cute but there is a hole on the back with the stuffing coming out :(
Severely disappointing. Purchased as gift and received Chauncey pokemon instead of advertised Psyduck.
Poor workmanship  The stitching is coming undone on back.  Found a 1/4 inch piece of needle stuck in the head of the doll.
i thought that the cookie monster will sing but it just says dah dah dah da, i was dissapointed.
It looks small but nice
It I'd very quiet which can be a good thing for kid toys that talk but you have to put your ear against it to even hear if there is other noise in the room.
ONLY LASTED A WEEK. Beware!  CRAP!!!! Lasted a week and used it maybe 4 times, thought it was the brand new batteries, nope it's JUNK. My 3 month old baby Loved the 4 times we used it. DESERVES NO STARS
The real thing is fantastic but this is a bootleg!  The Gift black butler plush Nendoroid Plus series are very cute but the ones pictured here at amazon are bootleg copies and are well below the authentic quality. Most telling signs (there are more): Paper Tag - wrong tag for Ciel, it says Sebastian Michaelis. There's also a red ring around the main text not present in the authentic tag. Brown boots - the original are in a leathery material, attached but is a separate entity to the actual foot, this one looks like it's just coloured feet. The scruffy effect - this Ciel must have been dressed by a bootleg Sebastian.  Granted, they are a lot cheaper than reseller current prices and are even below the original RRP of  3675yen (that's about US$46) when it was not rare. You may be getting this at below half price but what you pay for is also below par!
NO way  SERIOUSLY 40 bucks?!?!?!' What are you thinking!?? It should be 10 dollars I mean there cute but seriously that's the last thing I would buy.just wasting my ' money  ''.
Arrived out of box with no tags and was ripped. Luckily I could see it and he was pleasee with it.
BUYER BEWARE!  I purchased this bear as a Christmas gift for my daughter.  I paid over retail for it because I could not find it in any store locally.  I received the bear quickly but it was clear that it had been used.  It was dirty and worn.  I did contact the seller and was offered a refund, however my daughter found the bear before I could return it and wanted to keep it so I let her.  She did say (and she's 6) "but can we give him a bath because he's dirty" so she clearly saw the signs of wear as well.  BEWARE when purchasing from this seller! I find it completely unacceptable that this item even left the store.
Fake toy
Not too thrilled with this  I expected from the picture that this item would be more plush. I even exchanged it thinking it was defective, but the replacement was the same! It was practically flat!
There are tiny. Way smaller than expected. Still cute but not what I had hoped, esp for the price.
disappointed  I was very excited about this purchase as present and was very upset to find a chunk of silver missing out of one of the minions goggles
great
Disappointed, received wrong planet  I did not receive Jupiter, but venus... It was a coming home gift for my 3 year old after delivering my newborn.  She kept saying it wasn't Jupiter, and just today I see the writing on the foot "Venus". Disappointing.
its a bootie  this is a bootleg item. the tail is sewed on wrong so it cannot stand up at all. cute, but i'd rather have my money go towards legit merchandise instead of funding these people who make cheap, poorly made copies.
NOT the item described  This item was not what was described. It is barely 5 inches tall and has a strong and suction cup as if meant to be hung on a windshield. It also has no indication that it is made by Tomy. It is the quality of a carnival toy.  I will say Amazon was great about taking care of the issue and offering free expedited shipping on the correct product.
I am very displeased. I got Baloo... not Rashka the wolf. Yes they are both grey but look extremely different. And they accidentally picked the woman who loves wolves to make this mistake.
Cheap  Best way to describe this toy, is it looks like it came out of a kids meal from McDonalds.
needs to be bigger  Too small...I would have like it if it was bigger! I didn't realize it was this little. I returned this item!
If I were still obsessed with SuperMarioLogan I would have been upset. But I just wanted this plush to go with my collection.  Is not like the picture
Save your money. Remote barely worked.  It does what ever it wants to do. Don't worry about the remote control. It won't do what you control it to do anyway. It started to get creepy. After Christmas was over I took it out back, put a bullet in it, and burried it. I told the kids it ran away.
NOT fluffy or cute  Looks like a rip-off, but has official movie tags.  Yuck! It is part of a gift basket and REALLY needs to be replaced. I hesitate to spend more because it looks like they all come from the same source.
Dino disappointment  Was much smaller than I thought it spyglass be especially for nearly $15.
Trunk was not sewn on.  Extremely poor quality! The elephants truck was literally hanging on by a thread. I had to take it to a seamstress to attach the truck before I could give it to my granddaughter.
FAKE PRODUCT DON'T BUY!!! I got a chinese mockup version without the genuine Disney product tag on the foot. The item should not be $16 and should be sold for only $9.95!
Nope  Dances and wiggles and makes horse sounds but also has the most annoying fake southern accent guy singing this god awful song and you just can't turn it way down. Also it just gets drug around since it doesn't walk very fast at all
not what I expect  The doll is not what i was expecting, to start the it came with a dress, not the pant and the long tshirt. It came on time and with no delays or anything else, but it's not what i wanted. The original idea of choosing this doll was the custome, and i'm very unhappy with the one with the dress.
VERY SMALL & WAY OVER-PRICED!  Much smaller than I expected.  My grandson loves it, but it is way over-priced.  Not worth the price they charged.  I would love to return it, but since my grandson loves it, will have to keep it.  NOT worth the money.
CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP  You pay for what you get. The cow stopped mooing after only being thrown a few times. Not worth the money.
My great-nephew lov d them.
Don't waste your money!!!!!!!  Doesn't sound close to barneys voice!  Cheaply made!!! Better off to spend a few extra bucks at toys r us. The toy also didn't show up till almost 2 months!!! Was suppose to be a present.
... OF A FAT PLUMP PLUSH THAT DONT EVEN LOOK LIKE NOPE I AM DEFINITELY NOT BUYING  $200 FOR THIS PIECE OF A FAT PLUMP PLUSH THAT DONT EVEN LOOK LIKE NOPE I AM DEFINITELY NOT BUYING THIS
Top Heavy!  Item looks as described and is official Mario labeled. However, the plant had a very small, yet noticable hole in the side of the "pipe", but that wasn't the deal breaker. If you hold this thing in your hand, the plant's head is heavier than the "pipe" and it will not stand upright! It is completely top heavy rendering it useless. IT WILL NOT STAND UP LIKE THE PICTURE. Buyers beware.
$800.00  Why?
LIES. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.  The pikachu sent was a knock off swapmeet looking pikachu with no tags whatsoever from the Pok&eacute;mon center.  DO NOT BUY. Dont waste your money.
Wrong item shipped twice  The doll I received was only 12in, not the 20in advertised.  I called, dealt with customer service, they sent out another doll the next day.  I got the same 12in doll!  Obviously the doll is labeled incorrectly in the warehouse.  Sadly my daughter never received the proper 20in doll.  If it were advertised as a 12in doll, the price is too high.
Not worth the price  Smaller than I thought it would be for $12. Only keeping bc I don't want to loose more money on return shipping.
Suspect it's counterfeit~  The Ender Dragon I received did not have Minecraft Mojang cardboard tag attached or with it. I does not look like the one we have from Toys R Us. The tail has 8 felt tabs rather than 9 and is much shorter. It is overstuffed and hard. Crooked and disproportional. Wing span is shorter. Wings are shorter. Paper tags are on the side of dragon rather than underneath the tail and have different numbers on it. Stitching is different over entire product and of poor quality. I have filed a claim and am waiting to hear back because I want a full refund and to not pay shipping to send it back.
Malformed item - Does not look like the photo  Horrible item.  It was CRAMMED into a tiny little cellophane bag which was then crammed into a tiny envelope.  The head is malformed and it won't even sit up.  I cannot give it to my niece.  Worst yet, there are NO RETURNS ON THIS ITEM!!  And it is a AMAZON PRIME ITEM!!  So I'm stuck with this worthless item.  I am very upset to say the least.  The return policy is not listed so BUYER BEWARE.  Also, the item is very small, like a beanie baby size.
Much smaller than anticipated.  Barely fits on my son's putter, yet still tight and difficult to get on/off.
Too loud
Disappointed  I was very disappointed with the quality. My son had been wanting these for quite some time. He wore them once and one of them stopped working. They are also sized smaller than other slippers/shoes.
Junk. It stopped working minutes after its first use.
Soooooooooo Disappointed  I thought this was a plush toy but it was made of cloth and looked like something that would be given with a Happy Meal at McDonalds very small, and very bad value for the money
Does not talk...  Talking sonic ? Um, no! He does not talk !  Very, very misleading. 4 year old wanted this for his birthday & looked very disappointed when he realized that sonic did not talk, just plays sound effects. Spent $20 for this & it was definitely not worth it....it's also very small.
Unhappy Purchase  I am not pleased at all that this product for the following reasons:  1) it was shipped from China and I am scared to open the package and give the baby toy to my baby, 2) the rest of my orders arrived the first of November and this just came in.  Not sure if I will purchase from Amazon again since I don't have time to study and make sure the items come from USA!
Knock off :(. But a good one.  This is a total knock off but my kid loves it and it's totally huggable.  It is a nice soft material.
Rip off  It looks like it's been returned already :( the tag was torn off already.
I love Snowby! But $76. I bought mine at marshalls for $5.99 lol
Too Small
What is the purpose of this "toy"?  This toy sucks. The voice is ridiculously annoying and I don't know why the toy-makers felt the need to make Elmo a baby or give him a cold. I'm hoping that my 17-month old son will forget about this toy soon and I can "disappear" it as it's one of three Elmo toys that he received from various relatives over Christmas, and by far the most annoying and least educational.
Batteries didn't work  It was a gift and came with dead batteries.  Gloworm is adorable, but it should come with batteries that work.
Not what is described  Not the color in the picture! Its supposed to be brown and the one I received was yellow! If I knew it wasn't a legit PVZ toy I wouldn't have purchased. Very unsatisfied
Very disappointed little boy  Should have opened box when i got it. Gave it to my son for Christmas he opened the box and started crying as soon as he took it out cause it was ripped under the arm :'(
Awful, did not receive what was pictured!
Don't Buy !!!!  Very poorly made. Seams are not sewn well at all. It also had loose threads and is very lopsided. I would not order from this seller again.
bootleg?  It feels like a bootleg, "audrey sophie" purchase. Use PokemonCenter direct next time. Wont make this mistake again.
Not what I hoped for  The phrases are not anything you would hope for. Typical boring phrases such as:  1-"It is a good thing I do not have to go the number three. It would not be safe for you." 2-"You see? We thinks the same. Eh, different speeds of course." 3-"Humans are more complicated than it said in the pamphlet." 4-"It is like looking at a completed stranger!" 5-"I will shoot forth the lasers from my eye balls!"  There's another one out there where Oh says, "Moooooooo!", boov death song, Oh screaming because of his makeover, "Fa daa!", and Oh laughing extremely hard and snorts.  The plus of this one is you can take the voice box out (especially if you have a kid and get sick of hearing the same phrases on repeat).  It only gets two stars because although it is soft and plush which is what the second star is for, not overall pleased with the phrases. I would recommend it if you don't mind the above 5 phrases, able to easily take the voice box out (requires a screw driver to get the battery out), and it is very soft. If you're picky like me, I do want the other phrases but it wasn't a complete waste of money.
not as awesome as it should be.  The togepi in the picture is as adorable as the one on the tv show. I wanted that one. What I got was a misshapen egg thing that was scowling. It came on time, which was great; honestly the shipping part was the best thing about it. When I opened the plastic, no box, just plastic, which had a tear in it (possibly from the mail person carelessly shoving it in the box) I was disappointed to find a lopsided creature who was all out of whack. Now I have to figure out how to mold him back to normality or just start calling him 'Togepi's special cousin, Greg' or something because who I got is not Togepi. I do not recommend it. But I guess I should've known better: you pay cheap, you get cheap...
Not an authentic Minecraft item  This is not an official Minecraft item.  There was no tag on it.  Stitching is poor quality and stuffing is coming out everywhere.  It is different than the  official one sold at Toys R Us.
Size was incorrect  Description said it was 12 inches but it was only 4 inches.  They must have meant centimeters.  Otherwise, it was delivered on the day promised.  I returned it that same day
Cheaply made...disappointed as it was not that nice but granddaughter still liked it.
Poor quality .
Too small  Its way too small for its price.
This is cute but having to push hard on the tummy for sounds makes it difficult for a tosdler
MY FURBY NOT SPEAK, AFTER INSERTING THE BATTERIES HE MOVED BUT NOT SAY ANYTHING. WE ARE IN BRAZIL, HOW DO I MAKE THE SWETCH?
IT DOESN"T WORK  I sent Elmo to my grandson for his first birthday and it doesn't work.  My son tried different batteries and the unit never has worked.  How do we send it back to you and have my credit card credited?
I don't like  Disappointed the knot is awful and the material not great.
Disappointed because I thought that I was getting a pink poodle but got a brown dog instead.
Dont buy!  NOT OFFICIAL PRODUCT! CHEAP, TORN, NOT EVEN IN PACKAGE
NOT A GUND BEAR.  NOT A GUND PRODUCT!!! It's a decent Pooh Bear but $30 is what you would expect to pay for a premium product.
BOUGHT THIS AS AN ACCENT PIECE FOR A LITTLE GIRLS ROOM,  DOES NOT STAND AT ALL  THE PICTURE SHOWS IT STANDING WITHOUT SUPPORT.
Nope.  Would not order again..is not a licensed product and looked nothing like the picture shown.
Smaller than expected.  not worth the money
Cool Concept . . . Bad Plush  If this thing was like $5 or $7 that would be alot more reasonable. Unfortunately i bought this thing for almost double that price. Its alot smaller than you imagine, and the detail on it is very "Meh". All in all i would take your Dosh elsewhere and get something more mathematical!
My son was excited to see what it was only to be disappointed when he tried to make it sing  This was the smallest item ever and it was broken, not singing at all when I received  it. Took over a month to receive it! My son was excited to see what it was only to be disappointed when he tried to make it sing .
Would not buy  I bought this for my daughter's 2nd Birthday and both the play setting and the sleep setting plays sleep words and songs.  It is constantly saying good night and not playing at all.  And now, 2 months after her Birthday, it turns off randomly and does not work at all.  Unfortunately, I am proactive and bought this a couple months before her Birthday, so now it is not returnable.  If it worked how it is supposed to, I am sure it would be a great toy, but she gets so bored with it so quickly because all it wants to do is sleepy time stuff.  Not happy.
It's cute, but the head is not sewn on properly there is a whole in the back and a whole on the side. Yes, i can fix the wholes myself, but they should not be sending me plush with wholes in it. Also the plush comes vacuum formed and is squished so it comes out all wrinkled. If I did not need this plush for a cosplay this weekend I would return it.
Product probably great, Beware of seller nothing ever came  The item looks good a friend of mine has one. seems to be a great plush of no face. My friends does sit on its own and seems really nice. The no face look is just classic.   But mine never came :(
It didn't not come when it was supposed to. Not the same item in the picture. Very disappointed
Decent, but not authentic.  My friend bought me this as a gift, he bought it from the seller "Kimily." Although the plush is pretty decent, after watching a video comparing a fake Yveltal to a real Yveltal, you can really tell that it's fake.  The face itself is very different from the real plush. The line coming to, and covering, his nose is way too thick. The eyes also have a very thick black line around them. The material around his neck is too fuzzy. The pattern is crooked on his chest, and head.  But overall, he's decently made. I would recommend buying from the actual Pokemon center though, as buying bootleg products actually hurts Nintendo, as several articles have said.
Not the activity toy I had been looking for.  I remember playing with an activity doll when I was young and enjoying it.  I thought this giraffe was very cute and had all the activities I thought my daughter would enjoy.  However, the way the giraffe is made does not make this doll useful for small children.  The snap is nearly impossible to undo.  I could hardly get the button off.  The zipper took my two hands and a lot of strength.  Even the velcro was so sticky, I had problems getting it to release.  The only part that I was easily able to undo and redo were the shoe strings.  This is not a toy for a small child to use to learn how to do these activities.  Try something else.
Didn't even get sent the right product.  I was looking forward to getting the nice big spider for my son. He had seen it in the store and was very excited. I opted for this one because it saved me a little money. But instead I was sent a mini one with no tags or box and it could fit in my hand. Needless to say I'm very irritated. I'm just gonna go to the store and buy the right one. What a waste.
jayden
Not what I expected!  This was way too small!!! Very disappointed!  I found this same item at Walmart and could have save some money.
itty bitty is right tiny 3"  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gund-Itty-Bitty-Boo-Ballerina-Stuffed-Dog-Plush/dp/B01N2U58WV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gund Itty Bitty Boo Ballerina Stuffed Dog Plush</a> itty bitty is right tiny 3"
Came a little bit dirty from the head  Came a little bit dirty from the head. I am not sure if I am gonna return it and whether it is worth it or not. I just cleaned it with some wet wipes.
Needed Stitches  Just like many of the other customers I received this product in the mail with a large hole under the neck and one of the arms were hanging on by a thread.... I was going to return it but my daughter begged me not to so I stitched it up instead. I sewed it up better then the manufacturer made it LOL now that it is good as new she absolutely loves it - the whole thing is flexible so you can mold it into  position and she won't put it down!
Not what i was hoping for.  Poor quality. My dog likes it though.
not very big, bought one twice the size for half the price at a different retailer
We have no idea what language this dog is singing but our one year old doesn't care.  The only two words we could make out were "Ching-Ching" at the end of a phrase.  The song gets in your head and you can't get it out. It is annoyingly fun.  Recommended for purchase by people who want to drive their friends with kids crazy from the sound.  I thought about returning it, but somehow the thing grew on us. I'd really like to know they lyrics so we could sing ali
Looks worn.  This stuffed toy was not as good as others. Returning it.
Do you people actually READ Dilbert?!?!  Alice is the most talented engineer - ENGINEER - in the company. Whoda thunk? Female in comic strip HAS to fit the gender role festering in your brain. CAROL, the only "secretary" featured, usually outsmarts pointy-haired boss, too. Change your description or I'll inform the author.
Not happy with 2nd purchase  I bought 2 and the second  does not work . Not happy with 2nd purchase
Boaring  For a 1  year old who had no interest in it at all,  also had a party and none of the babies were interested at all.
Lemon Alert  First time I've ever done a review and I've been buying from Amazon loyally for years.  It just completely doesn't work.  We've changed the batteries a few times.  Normally I'd return it and that would be that but my husband through away all the boxes etc after Chanukah.  Very disappointed child.  Do not buy this!!!
Fur was coming off and faded. Cookie monster eyes instead of Elmo.
Price doubled  I LOVE these elephants! They are adorable, but now the price is too high! I will change my review once a stable price is established. If it doesn't than I will search elsewhere for my elephants.
Poor. One of the wings came off the next day after we received it.
The plush is actually glued together, not sewn so by the end of the day it was coming apart. It also comes vacuumed pack.
May be a fake, poor quality.  The tail ripped after first day of play.
Don't do it  I waited 6 weeks for a knock off.
seems kind of skeezy to just through a - just one at the end of that when you have a picture showing all the mochi's.  1/10 will not buy again.
Wouldn't recommend. Junk.  Lights up well for maybe 2 seconds then goes super dim. Definitely not as advertised.
Seams ripped after 3 months  OK, the twins LOVE Elmo.  It was their second word.  These were their gifts for Christmas, and they have been carrying them around quite a bit since, but not every day.  I was shocked to see that the back seam was coming out on one.  Then a week later, the other one showed the same flaw.  The stuffing is now everywhere.
Dear whom this may concern I was pretty disappointed when my Eevee finally came in the mail  Dear whom this may concern  I was pretty disappointed when my Eevee finally came in the mail. It arrived on time, however, I noticed a huge hole that had ripped on the side.
Half The Size Stated!  I have done very few reviews, but this one is being returned. The description stated 12 inches and it's 6 1/2 inches max. I would be fine with a small difference in size, but a variation of about half the size in the description is too much!
This product looks sorta like the picture  This product looks sorta like the picture. Mine has a mouth sewn on that makes the face look off/weird. The body of this plush won't even try to stand up without being leaned against something else. The legs and body look very off for this pokemon. I would highly recommend  finding the Tomy version of this instead. (it's sitting but looks soo much better and actually like the pokemon)
HORRIBLE  Waited a whole month for this doll and it came in a small plastic bag and smelled like wonton soup. The toy is microscopic not worth a penny
OK OK types  The grass is always green on the other side.
Do not purchase  The doll looks nothing like tip. The picture shown here doesn't resemble what you actually get. The clothes fall off the doll and are poorly made. Horrible
Dont Buy  The wand and the crown are really cheap and don't keep their shape.
So so  Dolls were advertised as 'exclusive' Frozen dolls. When I received them in the mail, after waiting for months (placed the order in April and didn't receive until August) they were less than expected. They don't look like authentic Disney dolls at all.
Not well made.....  Item received was not acceptable based on seeing the bottom three photos in the product description...  Bottom photos show a detailed figure in a full box ready to wrap as gift or save as collectable... what I got was in the second from top photo...  more of a child's playtoy that seemed more homemade than anything.  Some photos of this item seem to show this figure instead of what I received; <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/JOHN-CLEESE-AS-THE-BLACK-KNIGHT-12-Inch-Monty-Python-and-the-Holy-Grail-2002-Sideshow-Toy-Collectible-Action-Figure/dp/B000EIDV9A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">JOHN CLEESE AS THE BLACK KNIGHT 12 Inch Monty Python and the Holy Grail 2002 Sideshow Toy Collectible Action Figure</a>  Came in only a plastic bag without printed box.  Sword is VERY bad, piece of thin cardboard with vinyl cover,  handle end isn't even shaped, just a squared off end that will not hold shape under the belt.  This MIGHT be fine if you know what you are getting, but no excuse to include photos of a better product in a collectable box if it's not what is shipped to customer.  Good for  a little kid to play with, but not many little kids even know about Monty Python.  Now YOU might find it acceptable, but be sure to compare photos to know that you are getting the plush "doll" shown and not the better looking plush "figure" in a box.
Don't spend the money  My parents bought this doll for my son for Christmas. He hasn't seen it yet, oh course. But, I have, and it honestly looks like those cheap toys you get out of a crane game. I'm so disappointed! I'm just glad my 3 year old won't care.
I ordered 2 different shopkins 1was as ordered the other was a ripoff. It was very small and was charged the same as the larger one.
Warning: Do not but it!  What was deliverd is hugely different from advertised pictures. In short, different design and cheaper materials.
the arms look like they were sewn on backwards  Mine just arrived and it's laughable how horrific it looks. I was surprised at how cheap it was online, and looking back on it, I'm not at all surprised at how cheap it IS. Wings are mangled and out of place, the arms look like they were sewn on backwards, some of the pieces are missing, the shoulders are lopsided (One has a protrusion 1" above the shoulder blade, the other doesn't have any at all!) Not to mention that the eyebrow was sewn OVER TOP the eye almost completely! This is just horrible quality and I'm incredibly disappointed.
Furby doesn't talk  I bought this Furby when I openend and test it, what a surprise! It didn't talk, the speaker is broken. I'm outside US so, it was a very bad buy.
Soft but poor quality  My 2 yr old got this as a gift for his 2nd bday 6 weeks ago. It is soft and plush but pretty poor quality. My son only uses this at night before bed while we're reading stories. He does not even sleep with it. There is a 1-2" rip already on the seam where it was sewn.
Cute but too small  Much smaller than I expected.  Cute but too small.
Really Tiny & can't return!  So Tiny, strange looking, don't waste your money! I bought the 18 inch Aurora mermaid with brown hair (different seller) & ordered this 1 because of the pink hair. The description says 10 inches, really stretching it, fits in the palm of my hand (it's narrow) & head about the size of a golf ball. Worst part It is NOT returnable!
very bad quality and size. very dissapointment.
Would not recommend for larger dogs  No squeaker as stated.  Not very durable.  Have purchased ones in the past that have a plastic shell on the inside with no stuffing.  Would not recommend for larger dogs.
May not work  The laugh button in the foot did not work.  I cannot recommend this item.  Be prepared to return it.  Item is below the standard Amazon quality, in my experience.
After getting the wrong item I was excited to get the real thing. Thank you.
not as pictured  Item I rec'd ( after 2 orders ) was not the bee doll that is pictured. The one I got was a cheaply made version.  It even says on the tag "this item may not be sold for retail". I have already had to repair it. Can't take it away from my son now.
Broke after a week and the batteries suck. I'm emailing TOMY  Why would you ever make a toy with those tiny flat batteries that don't even sit right, rather than a triple A..?  Broke after a week and the batteries suck. I'm emailing TOMY.
It sounded like it was stuck and made a small noise  It's cute, yes. But the talking mechanism broke after about 5 presses. And it's not that it just stopped talking. It sounded like it was stuck and made a small noise. Disappointed but luckily my nephew didn't really care about the talking part.
Awkwardly proportioned with a really creepy face.  This took about a month to get here, luckily I ordered it in time for Christmas! The quality of the toy itself is very poor, it just feels cheap and there was stuffing leaking out of the seams the moment I opened it up. The eye brows are slanted at different angles, not like the picture at all, and it's tail makes up most of the weight, and is wider than the actual head. Where the tail meets the body, it's sewn together horribly and I was terrified that when my daughter pulled it out of her stocking that the the tail would get left behind. Luckily there were no casualties, and she loves it (for now), but I'm still very disappointed in the quality of this thing.
Gund Sesame Street Elmo 13' Plush  The product arrived looking different than the photo.  The mouth is totally open forcing the head back.  There are no hands as pictured.  I would have returned this product, but it would require being sent to China.  Gund Sesame Street Elmo 13'
Neckline started ripping within the first week  It's an awesome plush, good size and all... But the neckline of stitch started ripping within the first week. I had to take it away from my daughter so it didn't get worse. We'll try to fix it when we have time...
so I was relieved & amazed @ how quickly it was delivered  My 7yr old son was so excited about the "red tail catfish" plush toy arriving, he literally couldn't hardly sleep, so I was relieved & amazed @ how quickly it was delivered, but, sadly to say..all excitement vanished just as fast, when examing his new addition... it's missing an eye!!! how could something so obvious go un-noticed???
disappointef  I was disappointed at how small it was when I got it. It is pretty much the size of a washcloth and I was expecting something like a baby blanket. Deffinately not worth the amount I paid for it.
Very different from the picture and kind of creepy.
Pay attention to the size listed on this mini-plush mole; much smaller than I thought it would be from the picture - especially for the price.
don't catch this Charmander  The "Charmander" that arrived does not look like the picture, at all.  My children were very disappointed.  I was very disappointed.  I wasn't expecting perfection, but this was not even convincing.  The kids didn't even want to keep it. I would not recommend this to anyone.
again a very poor made product
Very Poor Shipping!  When I ordered this item I wanted it in TWO DAYS, I am a prime member and yet I did not receive this item til a week later. When it did arrive it had black hair on it and dirt. This was to be a gift for my 9yr old niece, to bad she never got it!
Beans in butt beware  Product is adorable However disappointed as there are beans in the butt. This Is not safe for young children under a certain age. Product says for kids over 1. no bueno Will be returning and find safer product
Bowser jr.  We were hoping that this Bowser jr. Was equivalent  to the last one, and it was a lot smaller, and not as well made
Very cheap and poor quality.
My toddler would feed this 6" airplane to the cat.  Ridiculous price (~$15) for a 6x3x3 plush toy.  The seller was honest about the size, but the toy looks as if it was marked up from 27.  The word for this product would be chintzy.  Any parent who wants a product like this ought to read the price and description carefully.  A child old enough (+2) interested in real airplanes would be deeply disappointed. I fiound one product that is large enough to satisfy a little boy's imagination. It's a 13" multicolored plush plane and it's a reasonable price ($15) but an airplane pillow needs to be maybe 18" to be big enough to snuggle with.  Not worth 1 star
Buyer Beware on this  The Quality is not very well on this. My Kamek's wand is not at all like pictured, the robe is flimsy and his face is kind of not sewn properly. One of his nostrils is off. Now, I might of gotten a factory defect or something (a risk one takes while buying on line) I would buy in person if you can with these. He's very small for the price. If his face wasn't proportionally off i wouldn't mind the smallness of him. Kids might not care about this, but as an adultbuying this, i want what i pay for, and i want the authenticness for what i'm buying.  I just realized there is a LARGER doll of him. One that stands about 8 Inches tall. So if you want a big one, talk to your seller before you buy it.  This doll is not really a toy for kids though. It's more of a display me on a shelf doll. He doesn't look like hecan take any kind of wear and tear from kids play, so unless you have very considerate and careful little angels who are oh so gentle with their toys, I would excerise caution.  The education value for Kamek? It's a colorful toy so young kids can point out colors and shape. A clothing history can be talked about with Kamek (Back in the medival times, people wore robes....) Name other wizards who share Kamek's Look (Harry Potter, Gandolf, etc) What games is Kamek from? What moves can Kamek do? Does Kamek have a phrase he says? (For all your Super Mario RPG buffs out there, he does say something when he makes a box materialize!) What game does Kamek first appear in?  There are lots of great games to play in that regard with your child. Older kids might like interacting and making a story about Kamek. Parents might remember Kamek from their own games as kids and can talk about what games they first saw Kamek in (Super Mario World! Lemmys Castle! Do you remember those days? :) )  A great way for the old and new generation to mix.
Smaller than described  This is significantly smaller than the dimensions listed in the product description. It is 7-1/2 inches long, 5 inches wide, and 4 inches tall. Pretty disappointing since the product description clearly states 12 inches. The product itself is great, but the disappointment factor makes me want to get it zero stars. I added an additional star because my kid loves star destroyers and he doesn't know how big it was supposed to be. I would have still purchased it if I had known the true size, but it just did not live up to my expectations.
More like pillows than dolls  Item not as pictured. More like pillows than dolls.
dull colored. Not worth anywhere close to  Tiny, dull colored. Not worth anywhere close to $20
Fakes, don't buy  That are fakes, and awful ones at that
Small, they're charging arm and leg to return item  Very small, plus, they're charging over $6 to return!
too small  This is the smallest plush for such a high price.
too small for scale. a little disappointment!  another tiny, TINY plush that does not appear to be in scale with any of the other pvz. Sunflower and disco zombie are only like 4" tall!??? Gatlin peashooter is as big as gargantuar, really!??? Some of these must be bootleg or fanmade becuz there's is absolutely no continuity to scale here. Unfortunate!
Cute, but shoddy  Cute, but shoddy. Have had it 2 weeks, and the tail is falling apart, and I have already had to sew the seam on the back of the head closed again. Not worth the money.
Broke as soon as we opened it.
It was made poorly   It is very flimsy and there is a hole under the arm of the doll.  Trying to find out how to return.
Buyer Beware  Buyer beware. The ghost crab I received today does NOT look like the one pictured. There's no yellow shading under the eyes and the claws are completely different. I'm so disappointed. Sending it back.
This is way too large. Won't fit small frame ladies
It teared off!  I actually bought this elephant from Target but I thought I should still write a review here since Amazon gets a lot of traffic. I bought this elephant for my twin boys who are 5 months now. I was very excited since its a pritty big toy and they like to hug it and cuddle. My boys loved it because it had a little bit of everything. But unfortunately l cannot give it to them any more because it teared off at the arm where the rattle is. If you re putting a rattle at a toy you should expect that it is going to be pulled so the stitching should be very good. Well this toy only lasted for less than a month and it was not constantly played sincel like to rotate the toys so they don't get bored. I should mention that l have a similar toy from Lamaze for longer time and it is still in one piece (captain calamari l think is the name), so get that instead!
It was to hard for her to make it work
Not happy  Not satisfied with this product. I hate to write negative but it's best to let others know that the item doesn't match the picture showed at all. Plus it arrived very late & not on time as it stated it would.
The box was broken and he wasn't attached to the box
Cost WAY WAY TOO MUCH for what you are getting. Only reason I bought it was because I spoil my kids too much.
Deceiving picture  I'm kind of really disappointed. The plush I received looks NOTHING like the picture! He's not terribly hideous and I'd rather have the one I got than nothing, but I'd much rather have what I THOUGHT I was getting than this other one. What happened?!
Too small  Too small..very disappointed
Overpriced  Product is overpriced for sized.
Wow! What is that?!?!  Officially licensed by who?  That is the scariest, most absolutely not Agnes looking doll I have ever seen!  There are literally hundreds of Agnes dolls on amazon that actually look like Agnes.  This thing is hideous!  What's disgrace amazon allows this junk to be sold on its site.  It's becoming more and more like EBay here, every day! Terrible!
too mold to play  Disappointed, it is mold when it arrived. The color is different from the description when mix it together
Fun for kids but very bad quality!!  Its very cheaply made. Broken after falling once.... Screws already coming out when took out from the box.
Doesn't sound like barney
Not as big as I thought...  When I was looking up cute pokemon plushies for a gift I found this cute adorable plus his that I knew for sure they would like. So I ordered it and it came in early (as usual) and I opened the package but what I got was the size of my hand! Would not have bought it if I had known how big it really was!
Avoid, poor stitching, not worth the cost.  This product dis not meet my expectations. The stitching was loose and tore immediately when my son shaped it. The quality of the material is low. The articulation does not reach the tail (short by 5 inches) and there is no structure in the arms to position them. Lastly the mouth has no stitching so it is a big pink puff and looks like it is being choked.
Buyers beware  Beware, not all 24 are included..
Fake!  Avoid  It's a fake knock off.  Falling apart super quickly.  I have 2 other Yoshi's (the real, official ones), and they're of much higher quality.  Spend your money elsewhere!
My son was so excited for this purchase but it said it was delivered but till this day there's no plush.
Dont recommend doesnt hold up even for a week  My son whom is 8 has had this for only a few days and it already has 4 holes in it.
Buyer beware!!!!  Disappointed. Did not receive the doll in the picture which is the original. I was sent the 2nd edition which does not include the animal friend. I sent it right back. The same doll was at the Disney Store for $20.00 dollars. I was willing to pay extra for the original.
pretty cheezy for the money
Just not enough qualiy built in for the price.
Don't buy this!  Ridiculous price for a 2 inch doll.  The description said it was over 10x the size.  This should be illegal.  Since I purchased it, the description has been re-written.  I should have read the reviews.  I wasn't the only smuck.
Ghost Boo  Bought this for my grandson for his birthday.  I didn't like it, but he did.  White is just not practical for an active 7 year old.  This would be better as a collectible up on a shelf.
Very cute, but I won't be buying any more until the price gouging ends.
Not for kids  This is a kids jump rope if your kid is 6 feet tall.  I am 6'2" and this 'kids' jump rope is longer than the one i use.
Junk
Very disappointed  This thing is so tiny and cheaply made. Very disappointed
I expected better quality  Had two holes in it. I expected better quality
Not pleased with the mixup  I ordered this triceratops and received a green and blue long neck dinosaur instead. Not pleased with the mixup.
Wrong brad shipped and POOR quality  First off it was not the XY tag flareon. Second after a week the head tuff came unglued, they GLUED the head tuf and tail on not sewn. Now I replaced it with one bought in store that is the proper brand.
It is a piece of junk.  It ripped open with stuffing coming out after one day
Minion Review  I was not happy at all  when my package arrived at my home because it was in a beat up box. Also, the minion is too light in color. I thought that it would be darker in color.
Not big  Wasnt even 5in. Very disappointed
Still have not received!  Still has not arrived....  I ordered this item on July 1st, it was supposed to be here on July 11th, and today is July 21st and I still have not received the item.  The seller took a week to respond to my query and still only said its on its way.  This was a birthday present for a small boy.  I would never buy from this person ever again.  Too bad you cannot give a company zero stars!
Better for an older toddler  My 2.5 year old likes the Elmo character, but really doesn't pay attention to this toy. For one, the hats are tricky for a 2 year old to take off and put on independently. There are only a few programmed "games" and he doesn't engage with Elmo for long. I'll save the toy for when he's a little older. My main complaint is that there is only one volume and it's a little loud.
Not as advertised! Dissapointed!
Terrible quality  The same day my niece received this toy, the dolls arms and legs started to come in sewed. We are sewing it back instead of has selling with a return, but I wouldn't purchase it again.
A huge disappointment, very unsatisfied  The plush I got wasn't even the same leafeon, it was a cheaply made and the tail was peeling of paint, and there a huge blob of hard glue on the back for no apparent reason.
Very poor quality  Very cheaply made. The quality is equal to something you would win at a fair or from one of those claw games. The seams don't line up and the fabric is puckered along some seams. You can see the stitching. I bought this as a gift but I would be embarrassed to give this to someone.
Dont buy this!  Looks nothing like poppy from the movie. Super disappointed!
cheap looking
Meh  Didn't come with suction cup. Wanted for car windshield.
Beige, really?  Photo looks great, but not what was received. It actually is beige in color and the graphics on top of the beige really looks bad.
Do not get it.  Awful. Jewel's mouth is open permantly. Looks very weird
This is ONLY 1 Toy of the Lot Pictured!  Highly disappointed with the misleading image...I could've paid $10 more for 6 in the lot, not 1 out of this lot!  Plus the wait time to find out?!?
I love it for the duration it was a keychain.  It fell off of my keychain only after two days of having it. It flew off and rolled around. I thought I caught a pokemon. (Which, to use a masterball, it better have been a legendary. ) But, yeah, it fell off after two days. Makes me rather sad. Wasted master balls are no joke.
Twice now I tried to get Rarity, and twice I have received a pale blue mockery. Buyer beware here as there have obviously been other knock-offs or defective merchandise thrown into the pool.
Did not light up  So cute and soft!  However, after I placed the batteries in the back, I was not able to get it to light up.
tummy stuffers  it was not as big as my daughter and I thought my daughter was disappointed on it size she thought she could fit her blanket and jacket in it I got it for her birthday so she was bummed thanks
very annoying and it does not have an option to turn off. Also stopped working after couple of months. It just sounds horrible
Barely 5" it is so small.  Not worth it whatsoever.  Will definitely return it.
Yoda looks pretty strange.  This is a very tiny toy.  Yoda looks pretty strange.
Be prepared to hear  AAAHHH CHOOO a lot  My 20 month old son received this product through Amazon Vine about a month ago. It's very cute, soft and cuddly, especially for an animatronic doll. He fell in love with it immediately.  While the product description says it can help kids understand being sick, I disagree. It does have cute phrases, but being only 5 different ones, they wear thin on adults very soon. If it had the ability to put a tissue up to his nose and make a blowing noise, that would be educational. Also, my son decided that AAAAHHHH CHHHOOOOO was hysterical and keeps repeating it over and over (it was adorable to begin with but is a little tiresome now). My son also wanted the bathrobe "oss" (off), and it is not removable. I did give it a star back for the phrase "Elmo loves you" which prompted my son to say "Love you, Melmo."  There is no way to change the battery, as the Amazon product review states. Once the battery is dead, Elmo will no longer work. This is a huge drawback, especially if he is attached. As an example, we also have the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sesame-Street-Count-And-Crunch-Cookie-Monster-Plush/dp/B004S6ECLU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sesame Street Count And Crunch Cookie Monster Plush</a>, which he loves. We've already changed the battery twice, and while he eventually broke the gears in Cookie's mouth, he can still open and close the mouth manually and the phrases still work. The Feel Better Elmo doesn't have that longevity.
Not satisfied  I received it in a open envolope with no tag or anything it smells and I am not satisfied
Well...  She looks just like her very well made, but 1 problem... why is she a light blue!!???? I Did not spend this much money on a stuffed animal to get one that isn't even the right colors.. I don't have a phone currently so i can't up-load a photo. But she is definitely not white. I don't wish to discourage anyone from buy her, she looks wonderful, and if u don't mind getting one that is off colored,  than this is the best i've seen yet. (other than the blue....) UPDATE: i tired to buy her a second time MONTHS later.... YET AGAIN she came in light blue and not white..this is very aggravating... again.. just be aware u may have to try a few times before you can get a white one... or just keep getting blue ones.... :/
Ripped product  Product had a huge tear in the back when it arrived.
Bad Quality  Within 24 hours of my daughter having this I noticed the stitching starting to break apart.  I give it another three days before her hair falls off.  I am really dissapointed.
NOT NEARLY AS CUTE IN PERSON.  NOT VERY HUGGABLE AND REJECTED BY MY GRANDSON.
I don't typically do this, but why on earth is this $74?? I know this is probably a well made doll as all the Disney soft dolls are, but the price gouging for a stuffed animal is absurd.
It was much smaller than expected but good quality.
Different from image  My son received this stuffed Horton for Christmas.  The picture on Amazon makes it look like this is made of a very soft material, however it is not.  I was very disappointed with how different this toy was from the picture.  Contemplated returning to Amazon, just wasn't worth the hassel.  Would definitely suggest looking elsewhere for a Horton toy.
Looks nothing like what is pictured  If I could give zero stars I would. The plushie I though I was ordering looks nothing like the one I got. The one in the picture actually looks like Charmander. The one I got is a really, really bad knock off that doesn't really resemble Charmander, and definitely does not look like the Charmander in the picture. It cannot sit, at all, as the tail is coming out of the bottom of the poor thing. It's so bad, I'm laughing. I'm not laughing that they are doing false advertising, as that's not ok and I'm going through Amazon to get my money back, but sometimes things are so ridiculous you have to laugh. Don't order this.
Not as entertaining as I had hoped  I purchased this for my 21 month old son after reading all of the good reviews on here.  I was hoping this would keep him entertained in the car during a road trip.  As soon as he saw this toy he acted excited about it (I think he liked all of the bright colors).  I gave it to him and he started playing with it.  He immediately started pushing the shapes and trying to make it play sounds!  He looked disappointed and said "off? off?"  After I explained that it didn't make sounds or anything like that, he quickly lost interest.  My 4 year old daughter looked at it but deemed it a "baby toy" and didn't play with it either.  This seems to have been a waste of money for us.
hated it.....wasn't comfy at all....would rather have a pillow pet  I found it awkward, uncomfortable, and the neck appeared to be broken....sent it back and bought a pillow pet that is soft and cushy!
It does not look like on the pic, the color is off and it don't look as cute
My daugther saved for 3 months to buy this and it worked for only 30 min. Im so mad with Hasbro !  My dauther saved and waited for me to go on a trip to USA and buy this toy. I boughted trough amazon, send it to my hotel, brogth it back to Chile and it only worked for 30 min, after that the toy stoped talking, I did everything Hasbro says in their site to solve the problem but is useless. It moves and sometimes it makes a little noise an thats it. Dont buy this toy, it only brougth lots of crying and frustration to my daugther who is 7.  I Hate Hasbro for this, now I can not only return the product back but I have to deal with my daugthers frustration and crying.
Kinda disappointed in it it's size
You could tell this was a 'second' from Disney and wasn't being sold by them.  Something looked off when I first got her and I probably wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't previously purchased a couple other princesses directly from Disney.  She didn't look stuffed all the way and her feet weren't going in the same direction.  Her tag didn't even say Disney Elsa.  Very miss leading.
very disappointed in this product  Totally not what was advertised , very disappointed in this product . I definitely won't be ordering anything through them again !
Cute but very poor quality!!!  Poor quality product that was delivered dirty, missing parts and without instructions on two occasions.
Boo  Doesnt look like the picure
What I received is not what is pictured! Luckily my daughter still likes it but it is a cheap knock off!
White Snow Owl  Like something you'd win at a carnival...not good quality.
Didn't like quality.
fix for hdx  This app cant be used on my Kindle HDX you need to work something out to make this app available on your new kindles.
This item was dirty, it seemed to have been dropped in the ground since it had pieces of vegetation attached to it. I literally had to wash this item and kept it instead of giving it as a gift which was the primary intention.
Mis named Cookie Monster  I chose this because my granddaughter loves Cookie Monster and she loves singing. She sings her own little songs. This was such a disappointment. When you squeeze Cookie invites you to sing with him then only says La when squeezed. You have to keep squeezing and all you get is a single La each time or another invitation to sing. I ended up giving this away and getting something else for her.
Its so tiny not worth for the price
You will got weird animal toy if you purchase.  This is not same as a picture.  Do not buy this.
My son played with this for 1 hour and already the button to make the dinosaur roar doesn't work! Very unhappy!
This item was NOT as advertised! I received the item to see it was a fake product from China! Eyes are painted on. Be cautious!
Bad service  Ordered Homor for a Simpsons lover and it came with black markings and thread coming out of his back.  Emailed vender and heard nothing from them.  I will take the $15 lost but I will never buy anything outside Amazon.com.  At least Amazon backs what they sell, can't say the same about this vender.
Very small
Very Disappointing........  My daughter and I loved Furby the first few days that he worked. She was just getting the hang of playing the app when Furby started going to sleep all of the time. I have tried changing the batteries and the reset button but nothing works. VERY DISAPPOINTING!!! That's a lot of money to spend for a toy that worked for just a couple of weeks. I wish we could have gotten another Figit!!
Cute but not enough fluff  It is so flat from having very little fluff in it. My daughter try's to snuggle it and it's like not having anything at all bc it's so flat.
My son cried because there was no juice in elmos sippy cup. Completely heartbreaking to see how distraught he was. Poor baby. Because of that I have to hide elmos sippy cup. elmo is only good for a taking distraction. I can still make him drink by putting my finger in his mouth but he never goes potty no matter what I do and I hate how he sings a song when he has an accident. This is nothing but a confusing toy if anything it makes potty training harder. Find something else. We are looking into the potty training monkey that was made by two pediatricians.
Quit working after one day!  This was a Christmas present for my one year old granddaughter, she loves Elmo and had fun with this for about a day until it quit working, she still packs it around, but can't understand why it doesn't talk anymore.
A cheap rip-off version from what is pictured. Not authentic and took 20 days to get here.
Love the elephant but I paid less then 1/2 the price a week ago.
Its okay  Nothing to wow about . It doesnt turn off and he just sings abc that she it
Beware  Way too small to be charged $15 for, buyer beware!
disappointed  Broke within 2 hours of playing with it
Sound / Voice Broken  Everything was stellar minus the fact that Benny's mute.  Told my 6 year old that Benny was shy.  Typical of Ty dolls
Really disappointed. So small for the price!
Wicked bright  This musical puppy incredibly bright - it was like a shifting, multicolored sun setting in our boy's room. The thing also devoured batteries like they were candy.
TINY AND CHEAP  Cheaply made toy that is MUCH smaller than expected!!! If I had seen it in person I would have paid no m ore than 5 dollars for it!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!! Not worth the trouble of returning....
Broke within two days
Luckily my son is such a huge fan he's happy just having it as a stuffed animal  Batteries were dead when it came. Purchased new (specialty) replacement batteries and it worked for an hour before it just stopped. Luckily my son is such a huge fan he's happy just having it as a stuffed animal.
Cheaply made
because my 7 year old daughter was very happy to own a Dragonite pokemon  Shipping took almost 2 month.  Quality of the toy is awful: cheep material, it was overstuffed (so much that it ripped in first day), and I had to take half of the stuffing out. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one, because my 7 year old daughter was very happy to own a Dragonite pokemon.
Disappointed  Very cheaply made Dissatisfied Disappointed
False Advertising - Not USA Made!!!  I specifically chose this Elmo stuffed animal over others because the description stated "Origin: USA".  I wanted to support local products and I trust our manufacturing laws much more then China's.  Turns out the tag on the product says "made in China".  I expect a full refund and no one else should buy this until it is labeled properly "Origin: China"
Should not order!!!?  Very disappointed in the toy!!! Nothing like the toy showed in the pictures
False Advertising!!  My daughter got the bunny pictured for this item when she was a baby.  I just purchase 2 more to keep for the future, in case she loses one, and the bunnies I received in the mail do not look the same!  The colors are different and there is no bow on the ear! Very disappointed! I will be returning these bunnies!
Cheaper somewhere else  Item arrived on time.  Small but cute plush toy.  No complaints on that end.  However, 2 days later I went to Babies R Us - they toy is on sale for 1/2 the price ($12)!
junk broke in 3 days...doesnt work when you press the belly
Disappointed!!  Terribly disappointed.  I bought this for my grandson who loves the movie and Oh.  This Oh does not talk he moos and makes weird noises but does not talk as advertised!
Was not the red color as pictured was more brown. Haughtiest was ok with it but it wasn't what I thought I was ordering
Cheap/small  I wasn't pleased with the quality at the price, but my daughter loves it.  Reminds me more of a happy meal gift toy than what the price of the item should warrant.
It's not bad looking, but a knockoff for sure  This is not licensed, comes from China. Did not come in box as shown, came with fake tag. It's not bad looking, but a knockoff for sure.
Annoying Toy  I think this toy is very cute but it's so annoying.  The toy changes from scaring, to tickling, to sleeping.  To make him change modes you're supposed to move or shake him and he make this "whoa" sound.  The toy is too sensitive to any movement.  He's changing modes and saying "whoa" the whole time my son is playing with him.  There's no off button so I'm just going to take out the batteries and use it as a regular stuffed animal.  We also have My Scare Pal Mike.  Mike only talks if you pull his arms, legs, or poke his eye.  I LOVE the Mike toy.  He only talks when you want him to.
Small  Small about the size of a 16oz water bottle and poorly crafted.  My son likes it but not worth the money.
It ripped the first day
Not worth your time.  Item isn't given an accurate description.  Doll is exetremely small compared to the others.
Very disappointed  Not even the right one!!! Wanted poppy,don't get the ones from China also small not the size they advertised.more like a raggety Ann doll
Completely disappointed.  Not even close to 8"!!!  6" tops if you stretch out the little arms!  Not worth it! Completely disappointed.
Sent a different doll!  They picture a purple doll but I received a completely different one in the mail! So frustrating because I needed to match the color to a party theme and now it's usless!
Meh, not the best toy. My kids still recognize it and it was cheap but looks a little off.
Mine didn't even show up
Do not buy it  This item contains a velcro that do not work properly, so the pacifier is not hold correctly and fall all the time. The ribbon is too short  (no longer enough to go from shoulder to mouth). It seems expensive. I would love to have the money back!.
Disappointing, Cheaply Thrown Together  I read the reviews and I thought, ok, maybe a couple aren't made right. It happens. Ours came and sure, the features are a little wonky. But the button for the "beep beep beep" was easy to press and my 12 month old grandson liked it. For about an hour and it beep beep beeped no more. I could still press the button, but no sound. No way to change batteries. So now we have a wonky looking plush toy to throw on the pile. Definitely cute for Little Blue fans, but definitely NOT worth the price. Cheaply made all around. I wouldnt pay more than $7 for this.
TERRIBLE AND NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE  This plush isn't anything like the picture. It is a goofy looking sitting Umbreon with rubber rings. Don't but this product or from Fatflyshop!!!
Damaged  i received the product damaged, the Velcro it's broken...
The one I received was already coming apart!
Smaller than expected.
Misleading  This product was listed as having lullabyes, but all is does is bark. I feel I was mislead!
The drawings in the book have the eyes 3x bigger than the stuffed animal. Eyes are too small. My daughter noticed it right away.
would've been a great gift, if...  I can't understand the two sentences(they are incomprehensible), but it would have been a great idea for my avid fan-husband. Prompt and curteous return, though
It'sso small
Too small!  Way too small! Does not fit with the 18 dolls but with the mini ones. Description is wrong!
NOT what is pictured  Not sure what is going on with the mouth, but definitely NOT what is pictured in Amazon. Im pretty disappointed, but it would be too much of a hassle to return (live abroad), so I guess seller gets to keep my money. My 5 year might like it. I guess we will see on Christmas.
Sad  face  this product  arrived on time and as shown.  but this slippers did not glow in the dark as indicated.  this slippers lasted 4 hrs  with my 7  yr old. the  slippers started busting at the seams  in front and the hair in theeyes  fell off.  they're still wearable but was disappointed that they weren't what I expected.
VERY SMALL!  The minions probably stand at 4inches tall. The pic makes them look big but they are NOT!! Dont be fooled by the photo. The minions are cute but you could probably find these small ones a lot cheaper.
JUNK  Total junk.  This is a set of 8 Pokemon, including Eevee and all of the forms she evolves into.  It looked cute online, and my kids are huge Pokemon fans, so I purchased it for them.  Good Grief.  The representations of Eevee and her forms are mediocre at best, and it's from China, so the quality sucks too.  My kids opened these 12 days ago, and two of them have already had to be repaired.  They are not rough on their toys, it is the sewing quality lacking severely.  I have noticed it is every Pokemon stuffed animal I purchase from China.  I have to resew all of the seams.  Good thing I know how to sew.  Pass on this China Crap.  Too bad Americans don't make Pokemon plush animals.
One of the hands broke the first time they were used. I had to sew it
Poor quality... not happy.  Just received this product. It's of very poor quality and was ripped. If my kids weren't the ones who opened I'd be sending it back instead of sewing it!
Bad knock off, not a legitimate pokemon product  This is not a pokemon lapras plushie. There's no pokemon anything on the one tag that says "made in china". No hang tags, nothing.  The actual plushie doesn't look like the picture. It's a different material, as well as a different sewing pattern. It looks vaguely like a lapras, but certainly wouldn't be good enough for a discerning pokemon collector. I'm glad I ordered it for a joke, since it took a long time to get, and is pretty cheaply made. I trimmed probably 30 white threads that were left hanging out all over the place.
ok  these are cheap looking and say right on the tags "not for retail use". however that being said my son did like them.
Used to be an good deal for a good stuffed animal but not at the current price. Someone got stingy and doubled the price overnight. Bad move. Those that were buying them as gifts/ crafts will move on to better priced items.
Noy what i expect it . Is not original
Poor quality replica - buyer beware  FAKE - and not a good one, either. Bought this to replace a genuine licensed one that the dog damaged, so we have the real deal to compare it to. The stitching is "off" particulalry for the eyes - the slits on an original stay the same width from end to end, the fake one tapers from wider to narrower at the bottom. The face isn't the same shape, it's broader across. No tag. Don't waste your money.
Not worth the money!  Was given to me as a second hand item. I am floored by the price, so not worth it! I had to go online to learn what the deal was with the cord and velcro. It's kinda gimmicky. Would not sit up and just flopped over no mater what I did. So I sewed up the sections and nose to make a traditional plush. Also yanked the voice mechanism while I was at it so I could toss him in the washer. Giving him two stars, because after all that needlework surgery, he's kinda cute.
Do not purchase  Welp, this'll teach me to read the reviews. This is definitely not an authentic Disney tsum tsum. The material is cheap looking and off colored, and on top of that, mine was delivered dirty and smushed to the point of misshapenness.
It busted open
Disappointed  We purchased this ABC Elmo for our daughter for Christmas and it work for maybe 30 minutes total. We tried all different new sets of batteries and he never worked properly. We were really disappointed as she loves Elmo.
Dont like  my nephew felt that carved feet for shoe sole and never use the left was damaged ... I feel that the money went to the trash
Not worth $20.00!!  I bought this for my daughter for her 8th birthday. Gizmo was the only toy she wanted, she had recently watched the movie with her dad. The Gizmo that I received had glue all over both ears and in the eyes I had to pick off all the excess glue. After I gave it to her (it was to late to return and get something else) she showed me that it had a hole in one of the arms. This toy may have been worth the price at $10.00 but I think after everything it came to almost $30.00. I was very disappointed to say the least.
Never Recieved It...  i never recieved it, it looked fun and im trying to collect but nope.
Item arrived later than expected and did not work  Item arrived later than expected and did not work- it was intended as a Christmas gift-- and would have been far to late to return and get a replacement.... Disappointed.
My 3 year old Home obsessed child still loved him.  Doesn't say his most well known sayings. Hard to press to make him talk. He isn't very loud. My 3 year old Home obsessed child still loved him.
I received a completely different version, not the one pictured. The peas were yellow, and it was totally different product. :(
and didn't look anything like the cool image shown  Don't buy it!!!!!! Item that was received. What a joke. Measured 5 1/2 inches max, and didn't look anything like the cool image shown.
Yo Gabba Gabba Characters  Our 3 year old grandson  will enjoy holding these guys when he watches the show. He just doesn't understand why they don't move on their own like they do on TV.
Do not buy! Not the real thing.  This is not the doll shown on the picture. Her hair is different and she is not put together as well as the poppy in the picture. The tag is also miss labeled. This is not a genuine dreamworks product. The Branch doll I bought at Walmart for 8.99 is the real deal. Notice the difference in the tags and size.
Is not a waterproof toy, I am returning
Not good Quality.  Not good Quality...coming apart at the seams. It was a gift and I did not have time to return it so, I ended up having to sew and repair several seams on the doll.
Bad  Bad
Small , Small, Small  Very Small, " Fur " is matted , thin , not soft.  Can't see the eyes.  In a little plastic bag that cheapened the whole thing. Did I mention it was small ?  Looks like a toss off from a Goodwill Store or a Church garage sale. Save your money.
Not what I was expecting at ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!  I got this for my granddaughter for Christmas 2016.  It was not what was described.  The head is coned and there was very little hair on it.
No carpet  Does not work on carpet
Ordered this item but it only came with 17 of the 20 plants/zombies that it said it would :(
Save your money  Concept of toy is great. My child loved hearing the song at the end but he was unable to put Elmo on the potty and get it to work. After about an hour of usage I couldn't get him to work either.
Returned
Small for what I was expecting. Just a meh baby toy. Doesnt attach to a stroller or car seat either.
Perfect size for a toddler  Pros: It is soft. Perfect size for a toddler.  Cons: It only makes one sound. Sounds nothing like the Peppa Pig from the cartoon
Didn't receive what was pictured  I ordered this Pascal to go with a Halloween costume and while the one I received was cute and arrived on time he has his mouth closed instead of open. I don't have time to go through the hassle of trying to return it and get a new one so I'll just have to deal with it. So if you decide to purchase this Pascal just beware you may not receive the one pictured.
Very disappointed.  This toy did not work. The battery compartment had a screw hanging out. Was not flush with compartment door. I put 3 new AA batteries in as required but the pony did not turn on. Very disappointed.
Was not happy at all came in a brown box and not happy with the size.
Not soft or cuddly  Not impressed. had gotten the Olaf which is awesome very big/ soft and cuddly this isn't any of those things. Not really going to be enjoyable for a child.
Not singing not workin
The fur looked vintage like it was old or used. Kinda disappointed.
Like others have mentioned  Like others have mentioned, it's very hard to successfully bring Elmo to the potty so that it registers that it has- and this is as an adult doing it. No way my toddler can. Nonetheless, it's almost comical the sayings that come from this little guy.
Works as described except the light didn't work from day one. Returned.
Gross  Maybe I'm a prudish uptight parent, but I find this toy inappropriate and gross.  It has 3-4 personalities that you switch with different types of care you give to it.  My kids found it frustrating that you can't seem to keep in at one permanently. There is a male personality that burps and farts, and pants and moans when you rub it.  (and you have to rub it to get it off this personality).  Then after a while it says "oh yeah..."  "where have you been all my life".  Which seems really inappropriate for a toy for young children. Then another personality which I think is the princess or diva, tells you to go away, and "shut up". The annoyance factor alone will make you want to launch it out a car window in busy traffic.  I will say that it it is touch and sound sensitive which is cool.  But I wish there were a way to remove certain personalities and/or keep it on one.
False product description - NO CHARMANDER!!!  Super disappointed. We ordered this set for my sister in law because she has three kids and the set came without a charmander. We ordered this one specifically because of the consistency of the high reviews. I never write these things but had to for this.
Eh...  It's ok, no tags, brown coloring instead of black, ships from overseas, kinda not a fan of this toy
Much smaller than anticipated.  It is more appropriate for a doll than a little girl.
Awful!  This is a waste of time and money. I have tried multiple times to put it on and cannot figure it out because of all the straps and the way it is designed. There are no instructions or suggestions available for putting it on.
Disappointed  I was disappointed with this product.  The product probably does (technically) match the written description on the website.  However, based on the description, I thought I was purchasing something much nicer for my child.  In hindsight, I would not have bought this - lesson learned I guess.  I will not be purchasing any more products of this type from Amazon, nor one of it's resellers.
the songs are song by a creepy lady voice...not daniel
Not worth the price...  I paid $24 dollars for this Bullseye.  I went to the Disney Store a week after I received it and found a Bullseye twice as big for $10.
Lies!!!  Just recieved this today and it is no 12 inches!!!! It is barely 8 inches. Anger is 8.5 inches and Fear is obviously smaller!!!
not  These figures were of poor quality like something out of a clamp machine. Can't believe I paid that kind of money for them.
So disappointed it is extremely small. It's definitely not worth the price, sending it back.
I'm very disappointed. Even putting it on its tippy toes  Item did not arrive at original estimated date. I also did not expect it to be so small! I'm very disappointed. Even putting it on its tippy toes, it was under 11 inches. There are red threads everywhere that need to be snipped. My daughter will love it still but I expected something bigger for the price I paid, especially since it's suppose to be a mega evolution.
disappointed. the quality of this doll is poor  disappointed. the quality of this doll is poor. the stitching is terrible. the doll is dirty. has dirt stains on it. I just received it today. I'm so displeased by this item. :(
It didn't look anything like the advertised photo. Official released one on the left, this one on the right.
Sad Koopa  I would first like to say I have bought similar products from this seller: Wendy, Morton, Ludwig Koopa Plush and have been more than happy with them. Iggy however I am not happy with. He arrived looking ok with a wand that was not as pictured hanging downward. In less than five minutes of my son simply "introducing" Iggy to the rest of the Koopa toys the wand fell off resulting in hysterics from my son. After my son calmed down I had to fix the toy. I did sew the wand on and made it appear way better than how it arrived. Overall I am so disappointed in this purchase. For $12.99 I expect the toy to last more than five  minutes and look like the picture. So after I posted my initial review, my son went to bed, and went to sleep with Iggy. He said Mommy look right here, and Iggy also has a hole in his leg. I am so disgusted with this purchase.
Get one from toysrus!  The actual Smek you is great, super soft and great size. The voice, that's a totally different thing. The one I received does 5 different noises. "Mememememeee" "The death song" "Yakkity yakkity" And unintelligible thing that sounds like "glouden plat" "Smek laughing"  None of the actual quotes that were listed on the description from the movie. I'm quite disappointed in it though, unable to return it though bc the box was thrown away with the others from Christmas. My suggestion would be to get it from toysrus or somewhere else. It almost seems like it's in another language (the box also had different languages on it so it wouldn't surprise me).
squritle & chardzard  the item was not as i i expected , it needed to be a little bigger, and it was a very poor quality, and too expensive.very dissatified
Don't waste your money  If all you are looking for is a plush you then this is great, expensive, but great. If you are wanting it for the 'beep, beep' DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. It worked for 3 days. Very, very disappointed. Would not buy again.
Not well made  The wings were not attached well. One came off the first time my daughter played with it. I sewed it back on, and then the other one came off two days later.
Not a hit at my house.  Not even close to the Dapper Dan of the 80's
Cute shedding sloth  Super cute, but sheds all over the place!
Battery cooking elmo!  My parents got this for my daughter as a Christmas present and she opened it and excitedly said Elmo!!!  My dad put some batteries in Elmo so she could play with Elmo since batteries are not included and Elmo didn't work at all.  We did everything the instructions said to do and nothing worked.  So I figured maybe the batteries we used were old.  I bought a new package of batteries today and put them in Elmo...nothing.  I went to take out the batteries and found that the compartment holding the batteries was very hot and when I opened it and went to pull them out they burnt my fingers!  They were swollen and I could even smell a burning smell coming from them!  This is NOT a safe toy for children.  I don't understand why this toy hasn't been recalled since all it seems to do is cook batteries!  Trust me, save yourself some money and just buy a regular plush Elmo instead.
Glasses are too thin & break.  The dolls glasses were superglued on his face and they broke in half the first day because the quality was so poor.
I would not recommend this seller  Was Not the large huggable poppy I ordered. Was way too small, I know this because I ordered the large huggable diamond character and it is twice bigger from a different seller. I would not recommend this seller.
Bad stitching, Sad daughter,  Maker Studio=No Customer Service  If I had reviewed this plush immediately,  I would have given it 4 stars. However,  after only using the doll for about a month or 2, the stitching let go and the stuffing is popping out. My daughter is heartbroken.  She LOVES Amylee33. I contacted Maker Studios through Amazon a month ago seeking replacement.  However,  they have not responded at all.
low or no sound. returned
Looks really off from the picture
No big deal
Weird material. No one wants to touch this doll because his material feels so weird!
Make them longer please and it would be great.  The buckle straps are too short! Make them longer please and it would be great.
Wasn't as big as I thought.  I'm not sure exactly how they are measuring 19", but this toy was much smaller than I expected--so I returned it.
It starts to sound like its ripping if I try to stretch it  DOES NOT STRETCH. My child is five and it does not stretch when he puts his arms and legs out. It starts to sound like its ripping if I try to stretch it. Not at all what I expected.
So sad it's so small and the price but I'll keep him.
Beautiful toy, but it didn't work at all  Beautiful toy, but it didn't work at all. Come with battery's and even I replaced the batterys thinking that may be the case and no lock. I probably will buy another one for my baby and hope this time work.
Didn't work  Did not work No sound
Disappointed .  There glue on the hair bangs and thick thread is hanging down by her head/neck  but the clothes is right and head and eyes .
Beware  Judging from other buyers, this is likely a cute, fun Plants vs. Zombies toy, with one caveat - if it is a licensed PopCap item. However, what we received several weeks later from an export company in godknowshwere China was not in any way a licensed authorized item; it did not even come close: Wrong size, wrong colors, fake label and no movement/sounds. Just ridiculously wrong all the way 'round. Not even fit for a $1 store item.
Smaller than expected
Cheap quality. Not worth the price. You can buy 50 of the same dolls on ebay for the same price.
Not an accurate representation of the product.
Electronics do not work. Torn on whether to replace it.
Smaller than expected...it's the size of a handheld plush
Horrible! Bought this for a gift my grandson wanted  Horrible! Bought this for a gift my grandson wanted. When receiving it , the plush was soak and wet, inside the plastic. The package itself was dry. Strange but very disappointed he will not get this for Christmas.
Cheaply made  Stuffing seems to be made of cheap material that you win at a local fair. Not sure if it will make it to next year.
Does not look anything like what it shows  I am a Mario fan I love plushes. I have never seen Goomba sold in Game stores like Gamestop or Walmart.  I thought having Goomba would be cool instead of having Mario (because Mario is popular). I opened the Box and it was in a plastic bag... My impression was ...disgusted. I looked at the things face and thought he didn't look angry, he looked puzzled. I've uploaded 2 pictures. The eyebrows were wrong, the lines in between his eyes are wrong, he's skin tone is lighter than the picture, also his feet are away from his main body. So disappointed, do not get your hopes up when you buy this product. I'm probably going to request a refund. Very unhappy, was looking forward to have that on my 'geek' shelf.
Sneaky 'beep beep' button  Great as a simple plush toy. Only downside is that the small press button inside, which when pressed sounds the Little Blue Truck's "beep beep" horn, floats around within the toy. It's never in the same spot. So, for a little boy who's still learning cause and effect and who wants to press the "beep beep" button he discovered, it's rather frustrating; so much so that he likes to throw the truck across the room :) we're still learning.
Stitching that holds it together split open after 1 week, cheaply made.
Poor cow.  Stopped mooing after the first day.  Poor cow.  Stopped mooing after the first day.  Don't buy things from China.
Had a hole in it  We received this toy and it had a huge hole in one of the toes. We sent it back immediately.
It was a counterfeit item with a hole, the stitching is coming out, and it doesn't match the photo. The manufacturer is a pirate who usually sells to scam artist carnivals and those cheating claw machine games. This is not in any way endorsed by Nintendo. This was not made by TOMY. TOMY has a contract with Pokemon, these scam artists do not.
In the photo it looks like the ET is free standing  In the photo it looks like the ET is free standing. When it was delivered I was extremely disapointed that I spent over $70 on what looks like a stuffed animal you get at a carnival. His neck, arms and legs are so floppy he is one big blob. Waste of money.
Wrong Dori  I did not receive the Dori pictured! It was the baby Dori! Very disappointed!!!
very bad product used, torn, food stains ..  bad bad purchase.
and probably the best one  Cuddliest of the three, and probably the best one
Won't let me post a zero.  I have purchased thousands of products on Amazon over the years and I have never left a review. Please be a careful parent. First off what I received was NOT an officially licensed product, there was no manufacture's tag anywhere to be seen. Secondly, I have very little doubt whatsoever that this is a knock-off because of no tag, the hair is falling out everywhere and it was shipped directly from China. I'm not saying people will be unhappy with this, but the description and pictures are not what I received. To be honest I will NOT allow my son to play with this and I will most likely be throwing this out as there is no way I can trust this product.
Buyer beware  Cheap and tacky, not eligible for return.
Cheap! The hat was barely connected when I received it an is no longer attached. It looks thrown together
Item is about 2.5 inches long and 1 inch wide. I did not see size notations on the description.  I thought it would be small but not that TINY!!!!
Unhappy  Very unhappy. Had to return. 1st day out got a huge rip under arm & started to lose stuffing. Kids were very upset.
Poor quality. Got it for my 9 year old who keeps it on his bed. It is busting at the seams. The tail fell off. As I'm sewing it up, I'm watching other seams start to split. Works well if you want to sew your own pikachu.
i bought these, and there not what they are in the photo
When opened it had a hole in the back of the bear, sewed it myself because my son waited so patiently and used his Christmas money for this because it was the one thing he wanted most! But for that amt of money it should not have had a hole in it...
Quit working in less than a week. First Tigey wouldnt light up, now the music skips over and over.
He loved it even with holes in it  The doll came with a few seams open.  I would have returned the item but my grandson was heart-broken to have to give it back. He loved it even with holes in it.  I resewed several seams myself which look repaired rather than in original condition.  If the product was used, that was unclear at the time of purchase.  If not, then the original product was not worth the price.
VERY SMALL
I thought I ordered the one with sound, this is nothing special!
Save your $!  Lame - had to bounce it off a wall to make any sound at all! First time I've been disappointed in a Gund product.
Cheap version of a great doll  We're have one baby loves, got this one for grandma's house.  Different music,  less cushy, button only works half the time you press it after one night!
Product does not work and cannot fix because batteries are not replaceable. 
Not impressed at all So disappointed with these  Very tiny. Not impressed at all  So disappointed with these.
Item was cheap looking.
I ordered two of these mermaids as stocking stuffers for my kids. The first time I received them there were all sorts of sewing errors, especially that one of their heads seemed wobbly and loose. So I reordered them in hopes I would get good ones, the two I just received as replacements had even MORE problems. Meriel's tail is sewn on crooked, her arms are noticeably different in size and she still has sewing errors in her eyes. I'm not even going to bother returning them. Hopefully my kids are too young to notice. They are so cute and I want to love them but what I actually got was a big disappointment.
Don't buy!!!!
I throwing the garbage after two months  Do not buy this  toy for kids. It is  dangerous and  pieces are coming out.  I throwing the garbage after two months.
Buy Scout instead  We're the proud owners of My Pal Scout, and My Pal Violet. So when it came time to buy our newest son a talking teddy bear, those were the first we went to. However, they recently made changes to Scout that reduced the number of features it had, and it only comes in two colors, making it hard to buy a third.  That's when I came across Cody. Cody seemed like the perfect solution: feature rich, customizable, knows dates, and was a different color! However, that's where Cody's awesomeness ends. First, Cody has an auto off, and to turn it back on, you have to push the little power button on his ear. Second, after having Cody out of his box for only a month, the ear button stopped working.  So unfortunately I have to say, maybe it's time to get over Scout's deprovements, and trade in Cody for a toy that actually works.
Looks nothing like the picture  Fake!  My son will wil not know but I do. Looks nothing like the picture!
( in general is cool idea, looks great  it is not water proof. water leaks inside were is batteries and cords located :( in general is cool idea, looks great, but unfortunately after first use needed to dissemble to get water out of it.
way smaller than expected
Very Disappointed.  Very "dumb" looking for lack of a better word.  I'm keeping only because I don't have the time to return before Christmas.  Not very roomy to put things inside.  Very, very disappointing especially since I saw the new "Stuffies" that are out now.
Falls apart , cheap made.  Cheap product , they started to fall apart within minutes of giving them out to the kids
This doll is utter garbage!!! Beware!  I purchased this Elmo plush doll on amazon, I am a deployed soldier so the only way I can send toys to my daughter is usually by purchasing them online. My wife opened the box while I was webcamming with her so I could see my daughters face who LOVES Elmo. And yes my 19 month old daughter got excited but my wifes face told me all I needed to know, She saw two fairly large holes in the doll immediately which spirafoam balls were coming out of that my daughter could very easily choke on if they were to find there way into her mouth. Secondly the fur on the doll was coming off and the threading in the back was coming apart where the doll was sewn together horribly. There is nothing plush about the doll it is hard and not cuddly at all. I am totally dissatisfied and now how does my wife take it away from my daughter without causing tears to a baby.  Oh and now I have to have my wife go find one she can actually touch and feel before she buys it because i cant trust what online store say about there crappy products. Thanks alot for the crappy doll so you could make a buck and brake my daughters heart while her father is away fighting a war.
The picture makes it look much better than what it actually is  This doll is too expensive . It is not what was expected. The picture makes it look much better than what it actually is.
Annoying begged for a good review.
Feel apart eyes could be chewed up and full of little beads
not the color I ordered  I was looking for a brown 12.5" Domo.  The Domo I received was the pink one which my daughter already has.  I did the search for the brown one and this is one of the results.  The picture is brown and nowhere in the description does it state that this is the pink one.  Thank goodness I ordered in time to return and get the correct one in time for Christmas.
it's not like the one shown in the picture  First of all, this item took weeks to get here and almost didn't think it would arrive. Second of all, it's not like the one shown in the picture. The one I got has a green skirt on and looks like a tiki shy guy. My son cried when he saw that it wasn't the right one. Actually caused a huge arguement. I will never buy from you again!!! So disappointed because this hurt my sons feelings.
Very unsatisified  Very disappointed. Very very small. Not made very good. His eyes are not even the same. And I waited over two weeks for it. It makes me not even want to buy any more items from Amazon. So very disappointed.
Like it had gotten dirty before and then washed  Very cute and small as expected however it seemed kind of used? Like it had gotten dirty before and then washed. Not the right way though, like it messed up the fabric/fur and makes it seem old.
Black Yoshi  I am very disappointed in this item.  While it was delivered in a timely manner, it's falling apart. We've had it for 2 weeks, and when we opened it up we saw that the seam on Yoshi's back was already coming undone.  There is a seam underneath him that is also coming undone.  I would have returned it, but because it was so cheap, we really didn't see the point.
Very disappointed  We ordered three of these little guys for Christmas gifts. Sadly, when we received them they were very poorly made. Put together with lots of glue and they had hard chunks Of glue on them. My daughter cried because she wanted to keep them for her and her friends so since it was so close to the holiday I contacted the vendor to request a discount. They said no and I could return them. I contacted them again saying I will if they cover the shipping and got no response. We kept them so I wasn't out the shipping cost and so my child wouldn't be so sad about it. These things are worth about $5.00 a piece and on the shipping label it even says value was 5.00. Total rip off! Buy something else. I would never purchase from this vendor again. Very poor customer service!
Toy broke within 24 hours  My 18 month son only played with his Big Hugs Elmo as you would expect.  He hugged him and carried him around the house.  I didn't see any rough housing with it.  Now only Elmo only says "that's too tight."  It's a pity as he really liked playing with the toy.
Not as advertised  Recived a Valentine's set instead of a regular pair. VERY MAD. They are "chocolate" scented and have 2017 on them. THESE WERE FOR A BIRTHDAY. Furious.
after a month it stopped working so i ordered another one for my son. The something happened to the one
When I opened the package I was so disappointed due to how big the ball looks in the picture then how it really looks
Fake  Ripoff don't buy this one it looks good but the thing is so small it may look convincing and realstic but it's a fake
With talking characters, Seller should try them out before packaging  Cookie Monster had Elmos voice, called himself Elmo My name is Elmo
Small &pricey  Such a small toy for the price! Would not have purchased if I realized this ahead of time!
Crazy price  I just wanted to share that this price tag is crazy. These Disney plushes cost half the price at the Disney store and can even be purchased on the Disney website. You can actually buy 2 of these for $28.
Dirty.  Just received and it came dirty. Like it's been sitting on the ground.
Great Eastern Enteriment Sasuke plush  Poor quality looked more like a twin version of Sai. Any constumer wants to buy this product I leave it in their hands.
Not what I ordered  It does not look like the pictured item and it doesn't even look like an authentic Yoshi. It looks like a knock-off. I'm very disappointed because it took a long time to come and what I got was not what I paid for.
Horrible potty training tool  We can never get Elmo to go potty on the potty, he always has an accidents!!! We've tried over and over again and never ever happened!! Horrible potty training tool.
The toy is very cute just didn't realize it in cm not inches so kinda small for the price
My son hats it  My son hates it . It has scary looking evil face
Do NOT buy from this seller!  NOT the item in the picture. Look at what other people posted. I received the same dk plush they posted complaints about. It's smaller and is him with his arms raised above his head. Also poor quality. Like a knock off.
I received damaged item
Not the same one in the picture.  I'm disappointed. I did not expect the Happy to come a month after I ordered it. I ALSO did not expect the Happy to be 10 inches, and not eleven. It's is also not the same one in the picture, which I am confused about. I don't understand why the one that was delivered to me has a fish, instead of free hands. I specifically bought it because it didn't have the fish in its hands. Just disappointed.
no sound  Doesn't make sound like its supposed too neither does half the angry birds and plant vs zombies stuff I bought from you. If it hadn't been do close to Christmas I would have sent them all back but then my son would have had nothing yo open for Christmas
Not what we thought :(  Super bummed about this purchase. It definitely wasn't 18" big and the stripes are literally crusty painted on:( so it's not soft. we ended up ordering something different and hope to be able to send this one back.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
but I wouldn't recommend it, if you are a BP fan  I didn't purchase this, but I wouldn't recommend it, if you are a BP fan. It does not even REMOTELY look like Tom Kitten. Apparently, the person who designed this did not bother to actually look at the Tom Kitten character in the classic illustrated children's book. Not to brag, but I actually purchased a plush tom Kitten 26 years ago when my son was born for the same amount of money and it actually looks like tom Kitten who is wearing his baby blue kitten coat and bow and trousers - which is the centerpiece of the classic story.
Had it for one day already falling apart  Received this yesterday and it's  falling apart today :( the wings were very poorly stitched. They are already falling off and there is a hole in the body of him where the wings are supposed to be. I have an extremely disappointed 5 year old. Super bummed.
Over priced and cheaply mad  Belt webbing is thin and the buckle clasps are made of thin plastic.  I do not see this holding up very long to average use by  3-4 year olds.  I would value it at $6.99 not $19.99.  Good idea but Cheap materials and overpriced.
Just plain ugly  Image shown on ad is NOT at all accurate, I really wish Amazon did more to monitor this & force sellers to update with accurate ads & description so as to not waste our time.  This item is being returned today.
NOT the same as pictured  This Sulley is NOT the same as pictured. He has no teeth and does not sit. Buyer beware. This is a full on case of false advertisement, and it's really sad that Amazon is doing this to their customers.
waited awhile to receive this and i was pretty disappointed.  received a different doll than pictured. waited awhile to receive this and i was pretty disappointed.
Very poor  It came with ripped hand and the neck ripped almost completely off in less than a month!! Very poor quality
Granddaughter liked it.  It was a Christmas gift. Granddaughter liked it.
as the inside material can be easily taken out by a curious 3 years old  The stitching was poorly made, as the inside material can be easily taken out by a curious 3 years old....
Furby Boom Plush Toy  My granddaughter loves her Furby.  She is very happy with it.  I also received before xmas.  I was worried about that because I ordered it close to xmas.
Okay...  I ordered this as a gift for my little sister and the plush I recieved does not look like the one pictured. I personally didn't like it at but my little sister did so I guess it works out.
George looked so adorable, kids were beyond excited  My kids are obsessed with George. We opened the package ,George looked so adorable ,kids were beyond excited . Then within a few hours both the two Georges we ordered, the stitching was opening , and my kids started to remove the white filling from the inside . I need to restich it.
Fake  Item was a second.  Legs were sewn on wrong, Fur was like touching spikes, and didn't have collar as shown in the picture.  It was from China and a complete fake knock-off.
If I turn off the doll it continues to play music. I had ordered a second one because my toddler loves this doll.
That was not Jewel.!!!! Don't buy it  I ordered female But you sent me male. That was not Jewel. My daughter cried.cried!!! All day long. You are really ridiculous!
Received wrong product!  I ordered this guinea pig for my daughter for Christmas. She specifically asked for a stuffed animal guinea pig, and this one had such great reviews. First of all, I DID NOT GET WHAT I ORDERED!!! I ordered this Tri-Color because we have a pet guinea pig with the same colors. When I opened the package, I was SO disappointed to see that the colors are not the same! They shipped me one that is white and light brown...not Tri-Color. I was really upset because I thought I had found the PERFECT one for my daughter. Apparently, I was wrong. I also want to mention how ugly the face is. I thought it would at least look like a guinea pig face...but it's kind of freaky looking. I am not returning this toy because Christmas is coming up and I don't want to risk not having it for her...but I am very disappointed to be giving her something that she won't be as excited about.  Don't order this product. Find a company that's more reliable.
Do not waste your money :(  Seriously........ Im peeved. I ordered the pink and the blue (because 2 kids and cant get one without getting one for the other).... the blue one (although not what I remember) - works fine, back closes, turns on and off.  The pink one is a VERY different story. Ive thrown the packing away (because : 3 and once she saw it that was it)... but the velcro won't close, the button sticks, it stays on and doesnt shut off.......... Im really annoyed that I paid MORE for the pink piece of junk than the blue one (which, for the record, is crap anyways.).... and now I have a toy that is a royal pain in the butt.  Do not get the pink one. Period. Dont.
Disappointed in product  Within the first 2 days the pink buckle end came unsewn( so I sewed it back on) now 5 days later one of the feet is coming unsewn, not to impressed with the quality of this product. Kids love buckles and they love Blizzard but to find the time to see the foot back on is tricky, it's sitting in my counter not being played with
Good for maybe a 3 year old  VERY, VERY SMALL! Good for maybe a 3 year old, just to carry toys.cute BUT read size!
I ordered three of them and I had 2 different sizes arrive.
You may get a knock off!  Not what was sent!  I got a much shorter doll that was inferior in quality than shown in the above picture.  He crown was all smashed up, she face looks strange, one of her feet are sewn on sideway.  She was an inch and a half shorter as well.  This may seem like it's not that big of a deal, but she is supposed to taller than mario, and about the same size as luigi, but she is shorter than the ones I got my kids.  Luigi is 8.5 inches, and mario is 6.5 inches.  How is she smaller than mario?  Because she is not what was pictured.  I was sent out some knock off!
Nothing special  It looks like a toy you would get in a McDonald's happy meal it's literally the size of a golf ball. No way shape or form worth the price for this. I mean mine as well make it into a key chain.
so cute, but packed and made poorly had to return it
It's cheaply made, and it very obviously had stuff tied around the wrist but it was cut off, which left an indent and discoloration. Will NOT be buying again.
Cheap, very thin and not soft and cuddly,
Daryl D , cute as can be   Not the size advertised,  but very cute just the same.
Buy bigger Shopkins plush @Wal-mart!!  Plush is cute but the size is way off. Description says 8 in but its more like 6 in. Description also stated that it could be used as a pillow. False advertising.
This item is not 24" long. It is only about a foot!
Returning!  Wrong item sent.  Not as described or even pictured!  Came in one piece.  Does not separate!  Although it is HUGE!
Terrible  This is the third of the whiffer sniffers I've purchased for my daughter. The first two were awesome, this one had NO smell and was broken! She couldn't put it on her backpack.
TOO LOUD.  My husband and I could not believe how loud this toy was.  We had to turn it off because we couldn't stand the volume even though our daughter liked the gift.  We had to cut it open to be able to access the speaker so we could tape cardboard over it, and it is still quite loud.
Doesn't have a sheen. Nothing special. Don't waste your money.  He's cute, but way over-priced.  I was expecting a dolphin that was a little more special than the run of the mill plush dolphins for the price I paid. I was so disappointed. The photo shows a dolphin with a sheen to it's fur. It doesn't. My daughter likes him, but he's no better than a $9.99 dolphin toy so don't waste your money. Even a Webkins dolphin on clearance for $5.00 would have been my daughter's preference. I'm giving it 2-stars because if I hadn't bought it for a special occasion and needed a "plush dolphin" that morning, I'd have returned it for a refund.  Only pro is that it's weighted with beads on the bottom and the construction is tops. And my daughter loves it.
Would not recommend.  Arrived smoothed in a plastic bag. It made the hat and whiskers crooked. Was not as puffy and stuffed as I expected. Would not recommend.
I wish I would have looked at the dimensions more carefully. It is too small- not worth the price.
This is a horrible toy for a 2 year old  This is a horrible toy for a 2 year old. You have to find the talk box in the toy cause it moves around and its hard to push to make it talk. And the sayings don't match the movie at all.
overpriced  it's overpriced here on amazon , the toy itself is great
Cute but not what I purchased.  Well, it's a Kuplu Kopo but it's definitely NOT the plushie in the picture. It looks more life something out of a claw machine.  Cute but not the product I purchased.
much smaller than anticipated for the price. Worth $12, but paid double...
Pretty colors  Smaller than I thought. Pretty colors though
small not worth price  This Ponyo doll was to replace one we got with the dvd. Big disappointment in size. Almost better served as a keychain accessory.
This toy is really cute, but the head fell off the day my son received it. We have a couple of other Plants V. Zombies plush toys and they have held up well. Not this one. It just isn't very well made. I guess you get what you pay for...
This thing is a piece of garbage. In case your asking  The product is a cheaply made product that broke in less than a month. I bought a decent version in Hot Topic several years ago. The stitching on that thing was made to last. This thing is a piece of garbage. In case your asking, the stitching around the rim that connected the rim of the metal enclosure and the mouth broke. Naruto can't keep money in a broken purse.
Poor quality.
Looked much better in the picture.  Not the same color and the nose is hard to find.
Very disappointed in this toy it is impossible to make him talk I would not recommend this!!  I bought 2 because the first one I got was broke and I had promised my Grandson I would get it for him.
Picture not what I got  When it arrived it looked nothing like the picture. My daughter would have loved the shininess of the one in the picture.
Not worth $20  This stuffed animal is very poor quality for the money. The seam started ripping within two weeks. If we had bought it at the dollar store, I wouldn't be bothered. My son spent $20 of his own money for it to fall apart right away.
seem better made dolls that teach a child to button etc  This is a cute toy, I have, however, seem better made dolls that teach a child to button etc.
Beware  mimicked one single word and then died
Wish I could give 0 stars. I was under the impression that 24 toys came per order. I got 1!
Really fragile not what I thought  The string attached to the head pulled right off the first time my son pulled it apart. Will not go back together. Very upset 4 yr old on Easter morning!!  Not made well!! Not happy. Wasn't cheap!! Oh well. Thank you.
Overpriced  This is a tiny super expensive doll worth no more than $10...  would not buy had I seen it first.
Cute But Not The Best Quality Stuffed Toy for the Price :(  I bought this stuffed toy for my 4 year old daughter after we had to put our 14 year old Bichon to sleep. I purchased this particular stuffed dog due to the realistic look even though it was pricey, Within a week of her having it, the seam on the stomach of the toy spilt open. My daughter is not rough on her toys and was very upset. I mended it for her and will keep it but I am thoroughly disappointed in the quality for the price I paid.
My Worst Purchase Ever.  The "talking doll" does not talk, it grunts. A total waste of money. About 4 inches tall. A complete misrepresentation.
Not what I expected from Ty!  Very cheaply made! Not what I expected from Ty! More like a dollar store stuffed toy instead of a Ty Beanie Baby!
Not suitable for my purposes.  Didn't work for the purpose I intended. Might be fine as a child's toy or teaching aid, but absolutely failed as a companion toy for a live parakeet.
granddaughter will love, have ordered several before
Doesn't work  Got it fast, packaged well, but it doesn't work. Tried replacing batteries, it still just glitches over and over. It was a Christmas present :(
has holes everywhere and is coming apart very poorly made
Counterfeit on the left; original on the right.  As some other reviewers have noted: sloppy stitching, 8 tail tabs rather than 9; as welll as the left back leg is twice the size of the back right leg, wings are shorter and floppy, etc.  Even the entire outer felt shell is made from a thinner, less fluffy material. And the silkscreen printing on the authenticity tag looks light.
to small for the cost
My niece loves her, in spite of her hole....  I want to rate this higher, because I won the best gift contest at my niece's 5th birthday. She LOVES giraffes, and she was ecstatic when she saw this. I just wish I had checked it for defects before I gave it to her, because it has a 1.5" hole in the middle of its neck where the mane meets the plush fabric. I'm disappointed in the poor quality, but she won't let me return it for a new one.
I should have just went to McDonalds and wrapped up a happy meal toy for my son for Christmas  This product is a JOKE. I should have just went to McDonalds and wrapped up a happy meal toy for my son for Christmas. Total disappointment especially after spending 20.00 on a stuffed animal that was portrayed to be larger. Abby Pittman
Used broken item
pretty lame  doesn't say much or say it loudly. Kid who loves Home didn't love this. Very difficult to even squeeze the right place to get him to talk
Nose is ripping....cheap sewing  I wouldn't expect this to be a super durable toy and my son is quite hard on plushies (throwing them and taking them everywhere), however I do expect the seams to stay together.  The seams on the nose are coming apart.
Too cheap made
had to return this...it wasn't nearly as cute as the photo. also didn't sit up by itself
Cheap imitation with no support from seller! Beware!  I purchased this for my daughter who was wanting an identical one to her brothers from ToysRus, but they only had one in stock. So we we were suggested to come here by a ToysRus employee to get one at a great price. The dragon was expected to arrive in four weeks which is a very long wait for a child, but it ended up coming after five weeks. We began opening the package and immediately spotted major differences from the original Ender Dragon that is the real deal from ToysRus for $50. The spikes on the head, spine and tail were all flopped over instead of standing up. The wings were tiny in comparison to the real one, the tail was shorter, the stitching had threads unraveling all over. The dragon consisted of two different materials which were rough, thin and had stuffing seeping through the majority of the stuffed animal. The original is made of a very soft material like fleece from head to toe. Extremely disappointed we waited five weeks for a fake! We tried to get it refunded and the seller wouldn't even contact us or Amazon, so it was automatically disputed and taken care of by Amazon Thankfully! Do not waste your money unless you are perfectly ok waiting five weeks for a cheap imitation that has the material like a toy won from a fair or carnival.
good quality. It's at the Disney store in your local mall for $8 though.
Terrible gift for my 6 year old daughter!  It was cute and sweet for a couple of hours, but then changed to a creepy male voice and kept saying, "That's nasty".  My daughter put it in a corner and doesn't want anything to do with it. Apparently this Furby is extremely high maintenance/needy. It is the worst purchase I have ever made for my kids!
Description says 17" but it was 12". My son wanted it anyway.
Hi i Bought some minion toys I thought it was as big like the lady had on the picture but they were very small it fits in my daughters hand and my daughter has a small hand
price rip off!
Too small  Smaller than I imagined.
Not all plush.  These are not really completely plush.  The face feels like hard styrofoam underneath.  Obviously not washable.  I wanted to like these, but the face was also not as cute as the picture.  Odd smell to them, also, which may perhaps fade.  Returned it.
Cute but quality is ok  Very cute but its discolored where the mickey print is and only two sides have the mickey print the other two sides are plain red
NOT what I received.  Very disappointed. I should have opened the box and checked this item before Christmas morning. I ordered the 20" Anna Plush from another seller.. it is what I expected and what was pictured. This was not what was pictured. The doll I received looks nothing like this one and is about 28" long or so. However, my 2 year old already opened the item and I don't want to take it away from her to return it. It is too large for her and dwarfs the authentic 20" plush I received from another seller... they are definitely not the same. The other appears authentic. This does not. The "Elsa" is in a teal colored dress with pink flowers all over. She has pink flowers in her hair. My daughter is too young to know the difference, but Mom can certainly tell!---- My daughter has been playing with this "Elsa" for less than hour. Her hair is ripped and is pulling apart at the seams. NOT happy. I just ordered the real doll from the Disney Store directly.  Update... I just received my genuine Elsa doll from the Disney Store. On the right, you will see the genuine Anna and Elsa. On the left is the "Elsa" I received when I ordered it on Amazon. You can see the difference of the size and clothing in the picture, but it really does not reflect the difference in quality. As stated above, the original doll is falling apart at the seams and is of an inferior fabric quality and craftsmanship.
Not what I ordered.  I ordered two of these cheerleaders fit my daughter's 5th birthday party. We received the "punk" Hello Kitty instead with a skull and crossbones. I had one disappointed girl :(
Was disappointed. The main thing was the volume of the voices was so low you had to out it to your ear to hear anything. But the child I got it for didn't care
Disappointed  No where near as cute as picture. Also not quite 5 inches even if I add in the crest on top of the head. Critter was stuffed into a mailing pouch so small that he is deformed for life. I'm disappointed, but my niece will probably love him with his car crash ears.
PURCHASE ELSEWHERE!  Very poor stitching, suction cup attached to head, not the specified size. Very disappointed at this purchase. My daughter waited for a very long time to receive this so she will be keeping it, but I would not recommend this product from this seller. Quality is very poor and stuffing was already starting to come through the seams.
ok
Quality Control Issues  Has a camel-like hump & can't stand because her back legs tilt forward & her tail goes so far between her legs it looks like she's riding it.  I've now purchased every 4th Dimension pony except Doctor Hooves. There appear to be quality control issues with Applejack, wingless Twilight & Pinkie Pie but the rest have been perfect.  For anyone wondering, the hat is sewn on but only by a few stitches. It should be easy to remove. But I don't know if Applejack's mane is fully formed beneath the hat since it's hidden. If anyone has detached the hat & can tell me please comment as I'd like to remove my pony's uncuddly hat.
Absolutely LOVED these elephants, until they more than doubled in price! What a shame!
Worst plush ever  This plush was a fake. Shipping was too high 20 dollars. The plush was pretty flimsy. One of the straps kept coming off. I said screw it and threw this plush in the trash. Now I'm mad I wasted 30 dollars on a fake Chinese Mario plush.
Doesn't make sounds  Cute toy, but it doesn't make any sounds like the description says. Too expensive for a simple stuffed toy. Returned.
clothes? Really I have to move him and now dress him?  Perfect replacement for our elf that got lost in the move. Love the outfits for the kids sake but a pain for me to have to remember to change his clothes:)
Rips when stretched!!  For something that is supposed to stretch it sure doesn't hold up well. I only gave it 2 stars because my daughter loves it, but I've had to sew 3 holes at the seams already. If you don't mind fixing it every time your kid plays with it get one.
Kind of dumb .....  Disappointed -  hardly flies, and I'm a good slingshotter too!  Just a silly idea that I believed would make a fun gift but instead was a flop.  :(
Poor likeness to BB-8  Head and body are out of proportion. Sounds emitted do not really sound like BB-8, more of a generic droid sound. Opening to voice box is poorly constructed and the velcro does not seal completely.
It was a gift but didn't look like much to me.
It didn't work it did Not sing "I love you "
Had more than doubled in price  Elephant is super cute but it's ridiculous that they bump the price up so high every little while ... I bought these for a little over $6 a piece and bought a bunch .. they are now over $14 and last week were like $18 ... wanted to buy more but will not unless the price goes down ... they do this every so often with this item and it's not good !!
Did not appear to be new  I sent this directly to my grandson.  It arrived in an open wrapped bag.  My grandson loves it and there is no way it would be returned.  However, there was not clear indication for me to determine that it would be pre-owned, restocked, or a used item.  I thought I was purchasing a new doll.
Cute but poor quality. Mine came with three eyes so luckily one just fell off on its own. Already has a rip and I only carry it on the weekends. Plus, if I'm not careful when opening it, coins just tumble out all over the place. I'm sewing up the rip and giving it to my young niece to play with since the functionality is lacking.
Worried sewn on patches will pose a choking risk for my 5 month old grand daughter.  I purchased 2 plush elephants for my grand daughter who is 5 months old..  Since, like all young ones, she puts everything  in her mouth, I am concerned that the sewn-on patches of color will come off and pose a choking risk.  So they sit in the box, waiting for her to be old enough to safely play with them.
false advertising  what i got was not what was pictured lmao.  the peach in the pic has a good face whereas the one i got looks a little.. worse for wear.  also, the photo depicts the arms down whereas the one i have the arms are sewn in an upward position.  this is clearly either a knockoff or cheaper vesion-- not what i wanted to spend $22 on.
Decent stuffed animal, size is accurate but the price jump from $6 to $15 is ridiculous, and not worth it. $15 is WAY too much for this product and can be bought elsewhere for a fraction of the price.
Missing cheshire cat  I ordered 2 cheshire cat plushes and it only came one ...when im i going to get the other one?..i already paid for the 2 of them
This must be a pathetic joke! They must of taken the picture of it under a microscope! I ordered something similar before and I thought it was the same! Its so small not like a tool box at all! Very Disappointed!
Very upset bought  as a gift pulled battery tab before wrapping  on day of party doesn't  workI will be calling customer  service
Don't waste your money  Very disappointed in this monkey! He BEGINS to make a sound, and that's it. Once in a while, he throws his arms up. I'm sure I got a faulty one, but can't be bothered to return it.
Horn failure.  Horn stopped working after 2 days.
Poor quality  Very small over priced. poor Quality was a gift and had a small ripe in side. Very disappointed in the quality and have NO intention of ordering from this seller again
Sounds nothing like Yoda  Where to start: 1. Smaller than expected. 2. Stitching is poor quality with loose threads. Looks like these chose the cheapest material possible to make it. 3. Has only a handful of phrases, some we don't recognize, and doesn't sound anything like Yoda. On the other hand doesn't have iconic phrases like "do or do not..." Would suggest you don't waste your money, we are returning.
Be Careful!  I ordered three dolls for my daughter for Easter one of the large Dolls and two of the 14"  dolls.  The Large Doll was delivered promptly and when I called to ask about the other two dolls I was told that the package weight indicated that three dolls were shipped. After about 6 different phone calls,  I was told I was out of luck.  I am now in the process taking this up with my credit card company.  I am shocked and very disappointed that we did not get the dolls we ordered and paid for.  My daughter loves her large huggles doll.  It would have been nice to have the small dolls to bring with her in the car and on outings.  As much as she loves the huggles, I refuse to pay for two more dolls when I didn't get what I paid for in the first place.  It is a shame as we would have bought more of these dolls because they are very nice.  I am so very disappointed !  I guess the customer service is what sets the good companies apart from the rest.  My other concern is if anyone else had this same problem and if this company isn't shipping what is ordered or if I am an isolated case.
Cheaply made
Came broke for christmas present  Came broke :( doesn't talk - tried several sets of batteries and nothing.
Small Not what I expected  Small Not what I expected
Is not what is pictured... Be aware
don't buy  This toy broke on Christmas morning this first time my child tried to shoot it. I couldn't repair it and it's not worth the shipping to send it back.
My niece is having to return the dog.  It stopped walking after only 2 hours of use.
doesn't have an on/off switch
My son was very disappointed as this was an Easter gift  This arrived with a big hole under his arm. My son was very disappointed as this was an Easter gift. Other than the hole that had to get sewn, my son loves this toy.
Arrived ripped open with stuffed exposed- returned item
Arm falling off when arrived  My 4year old daughter saw me open the package and she fell in love with this plush . It's arm was falling off right out of the package  but because of my daughter crying when I took it away to try to return it I decided to try to fix it instead .I'm no good at these thing but I did the best I could .  It's cute . Good size for kids but one star because it was already breaking . I'm very disappointed but my daughter still loves it .
... trust me when I say this you sounds NOTHING like captain smek and doesn't say anything from the movie  I have watched this movie three times a day for the last four months thanks to my seven month old who is obsessed and trust me when I say this you sounds NOTHING like captain smek and doesn't say anything from the movie. It looks good but sounds horrible!
Stop working in less then a month
Did not come with hooded cape.
Counterfeit items  These are counterfeit & will be returned.
Stops moving.  It was work properly about one month, but it stops moving - only speaking and eyes blinking. Changing the batteries does not takes effect. My daughter was very disappointed. I assured her that Furby is sick and need to be cured and send toy back to Amazon seller.
Wrong plush received.  Toy was bought for my grandson, I ordered the Bonnie Plush but rec'd Fazbear instead. Order was placed 12/8; rec'd 12/24, too late to send it back. Had to give wrong toy to grandson as I would have nothing to give otherwise. Wrote product review 12/25 but I don't see it on  here. I need a response to this error.
Cute but really don't  like the doll
Way too small :(
It's a handkerchief not a blanket in any shape wear or form
Poorly made  This toy is adorable and my son absolutely loves him. He's very soft and squeezable. However, we have had the toy one week and I have had to sew two holes along his seams. I can feel other spots where the seams are weakening and will probably need to be fixed eventually. My son is very gentle with the toy and mostly just sleeps with him. I'm worried with how the toy will hold up over time if I have to continue to repair him. Disappointing, because it is a cute toy!
way to expencive for its quality
Plastic blue hair everywhere. It falls out in clumps immediately.
Elsa doll is not genuine Disney  The Elsa doll that I purchased had defects to dress, hair, and hands and has a smaller face than the other genuine Disney Store dolls I have purchased.  The doll did not have a tag sewn in anywhere and was over an inch shorter than other dolls.  I compared it to 5 other real Disney Store dolls.
The face is not so well made that it looks to be some ugly girl instead of Agnes the cute. and the battery is also not well covered at the back.
cheap, waste of money  cheap, waste of money
don't buy these  These are not as cute as they look in the photo, I got them because I love black butler, ceil is my favorite and of course he had to be the worse it was covered in cheap material and had hot glue gun strings all over them especially ceil not happy at all so I just wasted the gift card money I got from my mom.
ridiculous!!!!  I am updating my review after the price of this product DOUBLED over night. This is insane... I customize these for my business and now I will have to find another affordable stuffed animal. With the $20ish dollars I was selling them at it is not worth my time and effort anymore. I am very disappointed!  This elephant is completely adorable!!!! I will be buying more.
rendering my frog useless! poorly made  eyes were missing and the metal part disconnected from the fabric.... rendering my frog useless! poorly made.
Groot review  Looked good and like the picture. Some stitching was loose but the doll came with a string that is used to hang off a window.
It has been shedding since day 1. It's cute but not "Gund" quality.
This mickey looks great and is the perfect size  I will start by saying i haven't purchased this product. I was looking for a very specific size Mickey to match a Minnie i bought for my daughter at target. This mickey looks great and is the perfect size, however many of the reviews state that it is a fake and not a genuine Disney toy. Truth is, i don't care that it isn't an AUTHENTIC Disney, but i went online to the Disney Store website and found this same size (25 inches) for $10.00 less. I will not be purchasing this from amazon not because it's not authentic but because it is possible to find it for less money! Just wanted to get the word out there. I'm rating it 2 stars because it does look like the perfect match to the Minnie i already bought, but it also seems to be overprices and a "fake" in terms of genuine Disney toys.
Disgusted! It was like a you out of a quarter claw machine. It had been repackaged and their was no invoice or receipt. I paid $35 for a piece of dollar store junk.
Super small for such a cost  Ended up as a stocking stuffer.  Super small for such a cost.  Terrible purchase.
Why does it show it's available for prime but doesn't ship?  I ordered this item on December 19th and it said it was in-stock.  After completing my order and reviewing it, it stated that it wouldn't be received until Dec. 27th.  NOW it saying December 31st.  Yet when I go look at the item on-line, it's showing it's in-stock AND available for PRIME shipping.  The Price has also been raised by $5.00!  Does that mean that those ordering now will get it delivered in two days because they are paying more?  This is a terrible business practice and should not be allowed.
size is way smaller than you think
KORRA FANS STAY AWAY  It's called a Red Panda yet there is no RED in it. if you are getting this in regards that it looks like Pabu from Korra, then DON'T.
Nit good its small
I wish the book had more substance.
peas in a pod were not ripe  This toy was to small for amount charged!!!! I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED,SO I SENT IT BACK! I don't think size was noted or I did not see measurements on page!
Just received this item direct from China with no tag.  As indicated in the other 1 star review I suspect this is not a licensed product and not the same quality.
All hot glued together, barely any stitching  When my dog got ahold of one of these elves and I had to do an emergency repair before my son saw it I realized how truly cheaply these things are made.  Almost every part of them has been hot glued together.  There is barely any stitching.  This made for a fairly easy repair, but I don't see them lasting very long.  Lucky they only will come out at Christmas time.
Gave to my nephew for his birthday. Very cute but stopped beeping within an hour of the present being opened. it was pushed 4 times and it stopped working. Defiantly not worth the money and would not purchase again.
Not like picture!
Cute toy that doesn't work well  Cute toy but very frustrating.  It doesn't properly register when it's on the potty so it always has "accidents."  Bad toy design for what could have been a cute/fun toy.  Wished I would have skipped it...
Very very Small  TOO SMALL
I ordered this for my son because he is crazy for Fnaf but when it got here all I saw was a sad disappointed face this is not the official plush and I am quite angry that I wasted 15 dollars on this piece of garbage
Voice box did not work if it comes in a plastic bag be weary
Buyer Beware  The one we received was clearly one of the knock-offs.  We were looking for a replacement/backup for the one we have already for our daughter and this one is almost a comically poor reproduction - they even went so far as to put fake Disney Store tags on it.  The "real" Oso should be slightly furry - this one is not.  The jacket should be attached in the back and at the front on both sides - this is not.  Paw Pilot is  If you don't have one already then this might be fine for  your needs, but be well aware of what you are getting and paying for.  You would be better off just going to ebay and buying a real one - they are comparable or cheaper in price.
Not Authentic  Doll has TWO ears.... Van Gogh had only one... No attempt to make this authentic. Anyone making cute products should know this
Overpriced Ripoff  Pay close attention to the size!  I hurried and purchased this thinking it was the same size as the Poppy doll purchased from the store for $20.  This doll is so small in comparison.  A total ripoff for $27+!
Fell apart after a few days.
To Small  I was expecting a baby blanket this was only the size of a napkin. This is very deceiving.  I would have never bought had I known.
Did not work  The toy itself is fine, but I received it just wrapped in a piece of plastic and the toy did not work. the batteries must have already stopped working, with no way to replace the batteries. Extremely odd design. Returned right away.
Received my nemo today and I'm NOT HAPPY at all when I revived it it was ripped and looked nothing like its picture it looks so creepy and makes me embarrassed to give it to someone also its so shiny looking and seems like it have two different fabrics on its face I would return it but I see no point because they clearly don't have what I want.
Not a good value  Appears just like picture but is very small. Not a good value. Priced too high compared to size. It easily fits in the palm of your hand.
Broke in a few days ....  arm broke after only playing with it for a couple of days ... does not bend very well. nice looking toy ... just not as function-able to bend and play with ... wrists popped off and broke ... -_-
I've had two of these Cody Smart Cubs.  The first one stopped working within the initial warranty period (I think 90 days) so I was able to get a replacement.  The second one stopped working within six months.  Don't waste your money on these.  Eventually a leg will stop working or an arm then it's all downhill from there.  My daughters each have one of the Leapfrogs and they've lasted for years...they are still working.
The cheeks don't light up pink like in the picture  Solunds absolutely AWFUL. The "music" it playes is not soothing in the least. The cheeks don't light up pink like in the picture. You activate it not by hugging the body but just by squeezing the hand. We have other Nat & Jules animals. The actual stuffed animal is nice as other Nat & Jules products but the quality of the rest is sooo pooor. I returned it.
Looks are deceiving...rip off!  Because the size on the picture looked like it was 12" and it was a little dinky thing that looked it could fit in a Christmas Stocking.  I was expecting a 12-14" and plus the description did NOT have the information how big it is!  I am so upset that Amazon made this mistake but I got a full refund and getting it returned.  I'd rather get the one I saw at Barnes & Nobles for $16.95 or somewhere else..
Cute, but DEFECTIVE!! [ENTIRE STOCK]  I am so disappointed in the crafting of this Togepi. It's a wonderful size, very very cute to look at, but the problem is the stitching. It has gaps going all the way around it and you can see the stuffing. When I emailed the seller they claimed that this is how it was PURPOSELY designed and that their ENTIRE stock is made this way. I plan to keep it and sew it myself so that I can still gift it for Christmas because overall it's so adorable.... BUT, this is the reasoning for my 2 star rating. In the photo you can see one of the many gaps going all the way around this doll.
Total disappointment  Poor quality. Looked like it had been washed 10 times already. And doesn't even stand.... It you try, it just falls flat on its face every single time
The sound doesn't work after 2 days of purchasing it.  My son was excited that he got this. But, 2 days later, the sound inside this is broken.  It's inconvenient to return, so we just delt with it.
Very Displeased  I am very displeased with Carol's Kidstuff. This person likes to rip people off. About a month ago I bought a green pascal from her for $25, fair and square. However, she messaged me a few days later to tell me some bogus story about being out of stock. The next day, the green pascal was re-listed for almost $100! Obviously she saw that she could get way more money out of someone, so she lied to me. I tried every thing I could to get one of these for my little girl, but paying more than $25 for something that is probably only worth $10 is not going to happen. All of you who are selling this simple toy at these ridiculously high prices should be ashamed of yourselves. DO NOT give these sellers the satisfaction of buying one of their pascals. Wait until Disney releases more, like I will be doing.
Was under the impression that it came with balls.  The balls were an additional $15 for a total cost of $40.  Cute but not worth the price.
Fake  It's a fake. It's not made by Funko. Luckily, my son still likes it.
NOT as pictured, of course  Not as pictured, as with most of the reviews here.  seller was Viskey from HK. it wasn't too expensive, which was nice, and i knew we were taking a risk, based on all the reviews here. It looks pretty cheap, though it's nice and squishy, pretty soft though the fur seems like it will fall out quickly. has the leaf on it, no tags at all, which i find disturbing.  I hope it's not full of fluffy cancer.
Not worth it  This Snorlax is high quality, however, very tiny!
It's too small  It's too small to play with my sister.
Every generation of Pokemon has one. This is Black and White's.  I still haven't played Black or White yet, but I can already tell this is one Pokemon I don't have any plans for. Resembling one of my favorite plushes ever- the Canned Haminal, only not as cute, Munna looks like a hamster fused with flower wallpaper. I don't like the design of this thing at all, and even my daughter, who loves nearly every Pokemon out there, almost never plays with this one. For one of the 'cute' Pokemon, this thing sure looks boring.  Ironically, Munna is also the most durable of the first wave. The eyes are sewn in well, and there's nothing to worry about being ripped off or threads that come undone easily. Aside from the usual soft material it's made of, there's nothing good I can say about this poor Pokemon. I just plain don't like the look of it, and it looks like something I could've easily made in my old 7th grade Home Economics class. Munna is always one of two Pokemon left on the shelves when I visit the store (the other being this generation's Pidgey-equivalent), and I tend to see more Munnas than I do the other one.  While it might be unfair to give it a low rating because of personal tastes, compared to the others in this wave...especially Sandile, Munna is one of the worst. Unless you or your child absolutely need to have every single Pokemon mini plush made, I recommend skipping on Munna. Heck, we would've, but the in-laws got it for my daughter. At least it makes an ok pillow for her dolls now and then.
Don't buy!  :(  I ordered 12 of these for my nieces and nephews.  Only 2 out of the bunch worked.  I'm so disappointed because the ones that worked were so cute.  After I ordered these Kids realized I ordered a different item from this company last year.  I had the same problem.  I'll be more careful next year.
BS photos  Large my arse.  This isn't gonna go over well. 2 yr old birthday. Guy was 7 bux. Poppy like 16!
missing part  I just received my doll and am bummed that she did not come with the jewelry listed in the description. Real bummer! Quick delivery, cute doll, but missing pieces. That stands out for me right now, that's why 2 stars
Not as picture. The nose is way too low
Do not buy!  Terrible product. Complete garbage. Same price as Nintendo endorsed product. Do not buy
Neck broke in shipping  It is very cute. Ours was shipped in the box with his neck bent back. It must have had a rough trip because the rod in his neck was broken and his neck flopped down immediately when I pulled him out. My daughter rolled with it and bandaged his neck straight, but after reading the other reviews I realize that wasn't normal (ours was sent as a gift, so I hadn't researched it prior).
This was a finger puppet fox NOT a 9 inch tall fox as described.  I am returning it.
It is a bad imitation. Doesn't look like picture  This item is fake. It is a bad imitation. Doesn't look like picture.
Very pleased with this  It was just what I was expecting.  The item was new in the box. Very pleased with this purchase
Not official Mario Brothers stuffies!!!!  These are absolutely not genuine Koopas for sure! They look great in the picture but if you want official Mario Brothers products these aren't it! For example, the read beaded necklace on the girl is supposed to be around her neck not real long as it is in the picture!
Top of nose is ripped,waiting to hear from company....for replacement
Not what I spect at all...  I bought this for my 2 years old son. I bought this plush toy based on the only available picture. The actual toy has NOTHING TO DO with the shown picture. Very disappointing. The only reason why I keep this toy is because even though the toy is so UGLY, is that my little son loves so much Toy Story and his favorite toy is Woody... If you really want to give your son a quality toy, look another option.
All other Llama llama books are adorable. THIS one is terrifying for a child  All other Llama llama books are adorable. THIS one is terrifying for a child. Bad book. Do not get this one
Not worth it  I got this doll b cuz my daughter has the whole collection of the beanie babies of the yo gabba gabba characters, just wanted 2 add 2 her collection.
Very small poor quality
Over-priced Much!  Really??? $40 !! Really??? Wow
It's defiantely NOT a real Minecraft product. It looks similar my son noticed as soon as it came out of the bag and NOT in the original box as they stated. So they lied. Won't order anymore and will be more cautious in the future.
Way smaller that it seemed. Not too accurate on the audio either
Kids loved it first when it arrived, but were quickly bored with it.
Does not even look like the picture at all  Does not even look like the picture at all... Its the smaller version and the wrong color.. I choose this one because it the one she wanted... It don't look like the right one... I will have to keep it because its to close to Christmas...
Do not buy  This is a janky knock off Barney from China. It doesn't not sound like him. The doll split open after a few hours. Don't buy from this seller.
VERY UNHAPPY WITH SIZE.  THOUGHT IT WOULD BE MUCH LARGER.
Way too sensitive and no off button!  This is such a cute idea.  It makes a "magic" noise every time you wave the wand in the air.  We bought it in a dept store and had reservations about the sound getting annoying but brought it home anyway.  It's motion activated and so sensitive that it went off the whole way home.  We would have returned it if our 13 month old hadn't slobbered all over it.  Now we laugh as the wand goes off while we walk by.  I'm afraid this toy is going to magically disappear soon.
I got this for my 10 year old nephew for Christmas as he loved the movies and had been asking for a stuffed gizmo for a few months. Unfortunately, the product is not made very well. Tonight, just 2 days after he received it for Christmas, the fur lining is coming off of one of the feet, there is a small patch of missing fur near his mouth where it looks like it may have been sewn, there is visible threading coming off of the fur area near the nose, and the threading and glue are very noticeable around one of the eyes. There also seems to be a patch of coarse matted hair on the back of the head. It is very unfortunate because my other nieces and nephews all wanted me to get them their own gizmos when they saw his, I'm now going to either have to find them a different gizmo/gremlins product, or wait until their love of gizmo fades.  I definitely recommend that you NOT buy this product.
Don't associate price with size!  Giving two stars because it's smaller than I thought it would be, that's my fault for not reading the dimensions, I associated price with size, big mistake. Anyway it's still cute and the person she the gift is for will still live it.
Not what was listed  I chose 1 star because the item received was not Ariel, it was Tinker Bell. My daughter loves the little mermaid and has no clue who Tinker Bell is so I had to return it.
Very disappointed.  Way over priced for what it is.  Very disappointed.
Defective: Plush received is missing parts  When the Ludo plush arrived, I opened the box to find that the stuffed animal only has one of its ears. It has a right ear but no left ear. The tag attached was placed almost as if it was meant to cover this defect up. I am very, very upset and very disappointed. This was meant to be a Christmas gift.
were real small for price
Missing code  The plush Itself is great, however, no code came with it. Got this for a friend and his girlfriend. Will be trying to contact Amazon to correct this issue.
very small
Disappointed  This zombie is only 8"! The description said 12". Disappointed.
Item recieved was not what was reflected in photo.
Pictures are deceiving  What arrived did not match the picture at all. This was purchased to match an existing Ariel that looked like the picture.
FAKE--NOT DISNEY PLUSH!  This was a fake. Tag even says "isney" all over it, instead of "Disney". Not that I even had to look at the tag to tell. As soon as I took the thing out of the package, I saw it was a bad knockoff.
Disappointed in this stuffed animal  Falls apart, threads on horn unravelling.  Disappointed in this stuffed animal.
Teeny Tiny  Its very small. I was expecting something bigger that the baby could cuddle with. When I opened the box and saw its size I was very disappointed. The baby will grow out of this product in less than a year. I do not recommend spending your money on this product.
Just Terrible  This product was horrible, it looks nothing like the picture, the name does not fit, it should be called tiny monkey, just completely dissatisfied.
Tiny  The quality was great for this stuffed cookie monster too bad it's tiny. Also the packaging was very bad, it came in a sealed plastic bag not the original sesame street box.
Effective from Day One  Opened it Dec 25 work for a couple of hours then stopped ! Today Dec 26 going back. Not responding to the app. My daughter is frustrated to say the least and my husband and I exhausted from trying to fix this little mechanical hen!. Impossible to find any support from Hasbro and it is obviously defective. Thank God for Amazon support!
Cheap version of toy  If you see the good price and think this is anything like that Elmo dolls that you see in the stores, you're going to be disappointed. We thought we'd save a few dollars not buying a Tickle Me Elmo but this doll is much cheaper and also smaller then the ones I've seen in the store. Decided to return it as soon as we opened it. Very disappointing
knock off  Obviously a knock off.  Tail is not correct.
sad rabbit  it was  very small and not very well  liked by my son didn't look as good as the picture here I see
the olaf in the picture was not the Olaf I received I got a cheap Walmart plush toy
I don't recommend it.  Not realistic Tardis noise as stated. Smaller than excepted. Disappointed.
Bait and Switch  What arrived does not look like the bird in this picture. The bird pictured is full-bodied, with a full-bodied beak. It looks like it can actually sit on a stump. Mine is a limp noodle. It hangs over your hand like a dead bird or a sock. I'd send it back but it was a Christmas gift for a 9 year old. Needless to say, she was not impressed.  I can't recommend this stuffy.
This Eevee plush toy was super cute but the quality was extremely lacking  This Eevee plush toy was super cute but the quality was extremely lacking. It lasted about two days before the ear started falling off and all the stitches coming out. The ears were discolored and it was impossible to repair.
Open seams  So disappointing,  cute concept,  but opened christmas morning,  and after 15 minutes of play there are two seams that are open.
This was $7 two weeks again and now it's $17. This is absolutely ridiculous and they aren't big at all. Not worth the money, I will buy it elsewhere.
Does not work.  No way to change batteries without ripping it open.  Costs me more to ship back than item cost so stuck with broken product :(
Looks nothing like the photo.  Looks nothing like the photo shown. Photo shown appears to have plastic eyes and nose. This actual toy, has neither, they're part of the fabric and looks weird. Plus, the head and ears are all just smushed.  Looks like a shoddy knockoff.  Plus, no real NCAA seal of authenticity anywhere on it, so it doesn't appear to be really licensed. The Auburn logo on the shirt almost looks like a rub on tattoo.
Lost limbs during nap time combat  Bought for my son who loves Minecraft, within 2 weeks the arms had fallen off the 'Enderman' (black character). Poor construction quality, but low price point hence the 2 stars.
Not worth the price  Cheaply made, not worth the price. Cheaper through Oriental Trading, but had already ordered here.
Demo batteries dead when arrived
And didn't like the head rattle  Much smaller and somewhat cheesier than expected . And didn't like the head rattle
very expensive for mediocre quality
Mediocre  This is not the best quality I have seen on plushies an the head is huge compared to the body. The head looks great, but body section looks very mediocre and not well done. Stitching is good on most areas of the plushy and the pose is different from the picture slightly which makes it look weird. I was expecting something better based on other reviews and sad to say it wasn't as good as they say.
Very disappointed.  This is only a 9" doll, not a 16". Very disappointed.
Not the plush that's pictured.  Not the plush that's pictured. It looks quite different and feels cheaper.
Love this elephant  Love this elephant, but just like others I will not be ordering anymore as the price has doubled! Absolutely absurd!
No longer works  I bought this product in January 2013 and it is now May 2013.  It stopped working one day and i assumed the batteries needed to be replaced.  I tried three different sets of batteries (all expire in 2015-2022 and were brand new, so the batteries are good) and it doesn't work.  Worst $10 I've spent in a long time.
Much smaller than I expected it to be for the price....
Disappointed  Disappointed, did not receive the pikachu in the picture sitting down. Instead I got the one that everyone else is selling. No facial shape, floppy sowed feet and arms, brown ears, half-a** back painted stripes that's rough as though they last minute painted on, & last but least poor stitching
Dont be fooled  I have been looking for this particular bunny because my daughter is so attached and she is needing another one. I purchased two one for washing and one for her to carry. My daughter has had this bunny since she was two months old, but the bunny's they sent me were not the same ss.pictured and my daughter knows her bun bun. I sent mine back stating they were different the company sent me a new one after I explained it was not the correct bunny as pictured, so when I received the second package I expected the correct bunny but no it was the same one again. False advertising is all I can say and I am at a loss where to find this particular bunny in the picture. Not happy at all!!!!!
They tried but its not like and actual split pea  They tried but its not like and actual split pea. They are more on a 45deg angle vs the back to back split pea in the actual game. Looks just like the photo though.
Product description is WRONG!!!!!!!  As advertised:  Product Description For sale is a brand new Disney Frozen pull-apart talking Olaf the snowman! Olaf will be sure to make you laugh with all of his funny features. Pull him apart and he retracts back together while playing silly sounds. Press Olaf's buttons to hear him speak and tell jokes! Olaf Description:  In reality this toy does not pull apart and retract. It does not play any sounds. Olaf does not speak. Falsely advertised. What an overpriced piece of junk.
only because I had got my plushy and it was not like the pic my Pikachu is sitting and looks small  I do not think these reviews are right, only because I had got my plushy and it was not like the pic my Pikachu is sitting and looks small, well quite a bit smaller then what it had said, just a warning on buy this.
Furby is the most annoying toy!  Everyone in our house hates this thing -- even our 9 year old who received it as a gift!  It would be great if it had an OFF button, but ours doesn't!  And believe me we've looked!  It wakes up when we walk into the room, even when it's hidden in the bottom of the toy box.  Worse than Chinese water torture....
Difficult to replace LR44 batteries  My 3 year old granddaughter got this and when the batteries wore out, I called the company and they said I would have to open the seam and change the batteries.  I opened the seam and the Bayer ties are size LR44. THIS INFO IS FOR ANYONE ELSE WHO WANTS TO REPLACE THE BATTERIES. I still have to order batteries and install.  I don't know yet if it will work.  Oh yes there are three LR44 batteries.  Since feel better elmo had been discontinued Gund sent a replacement free but not the same one.
received wrong item
Ooops  THe one we got was sewn together backwards - it had two right arms.  Had to return it.  Amazon returns was easy, but haven't tried to reorder yet.
Took forever to arrive, not very soft and weird smell
My nephew hated the gift  I thought the poodle would be white, the pinkness is sort of washed out in the photo. I bought this toy for my nephew, thinking it was white. It is sooooo pink, this toy needs a warning. My nephew hated the gift, and my sexist older sister hated it even more.
This doll looks nothing like her. In fact  My 18 month old is OBSESSED with Tinkerbell movies. This doll looks nothing like her. In fact, my daughter was scared of her and threw her on the ground when I showed it to her for the first time. I'd look elsewhere for a doll that looks more like her. I didn't think my daughter would care, which is why I bought it.
Cheap! Doubt it's a "real" Disney product  After paying almost as much for shipping as I did for the item (it shipped from China), I received the item and it had NO tags attached to it as it shows in the picture. Not even the cloth Disney one stitched on the leg. This can't possibly be a legitimate Disney product His head is crooked and there is a nylon loop on the top of his head.  Looks like carnival game quality. Comparing it to the other Stitches my son has, he looks QUITE different. CHEAP! I won't return it because the shipping will cost me more then the product, however my dog now has new toy.  UPDATE-12/26/2013-After contacting the vendor I was told that the toy was meant to be a toy you would hang from a rear view mirror or crib. Their OTHER versions are the ones shown in the picture. I told them I thought the picture was very deceiving and they offered to refund me 1/2 of my money.  They actually refunded me ALL my money ,with out my requesting, plus what it would have cost to ship it back(they knew I wasn't going to). So I'm not happy with the product but their customer service was great when addressing my complaint.
Very small. Not worth the money
The price should be a warning.  The cost gives away how cheap this item is. Straight out of the package and it's already torn. Luckily it's an easy fix, but still not something you want to see after opening.
Small  Very small
Cheap and completely over priced!  So disappointed! Returning for a refund!!! Cheap and so not worth the money!
Waste of money and time  Water got in it the first time we used it. We sent it back. DON"T buy this. Waste of money and time.
Beautiful but way too small
My niece was so excited to receive this but once received she was disappointed because the stuffing was coming out already without her even playing with it. Would not buy again
Item did not look new, but instead looked faded with cotton coming out of the seams.
Disappointed in this product as the stitching is coming apart after such a short time. Very cute idea, but wish it was of higher quality.
Not good  Battery was dead upon arrival. Very disappointing.
Upside down fake dolls  Fake stupid dolls are upside down
junky  This is an overpriced stuffed animal.  You will be surprised at the piece of junk you receive.  Looks like a stuffed animal you would win for free at a carnival.
when I got it it was a dud the hair is on the opposite part of his head
Not acceptable.  This puppy came with a tag attached that said "Proposition 65 warning" This product may contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and or birth defects of other reproduction organs."  I certainly wouldn't give my 3yr old granddaughter this toy, and I need to return it. Also it sings in a language I don't understand.
Only one of my Gloworms worked.  Perhaps the other one had a bad battery but since it was sent to someone whom I am not in contact with I have no idea if they got it fixed.  Defective one was not discovered until after it was given to child.
Cushed condition  This guy looked like he had been smashed into a box with a million others.  The packaging from Amazon was fine.  I think it had been stuffed into it's original box from China.  His head totally flat and his feet did not bend upward like shown in this picture.  He could not even be made to sit up.  It is very small too.  I do not think this is a good value for the money.  Not very fluffy or plush either.  I had to return it because it was in such flattened condition.  So I can't really comment on how my son may have played with it.
It says it was suppose to be a talking Oh and it didn't even talk smh.  Im definatelt not happy
breaks easily. The leg stopped working after two dsys  Very cheap toy, breaks easily. The leg stopped working after two dsys. The parts fall apart. Not recommended
**NON sing along Elmo**  Very disappointed. Elmo himself is cute, however, he is not a sing along Elmo... He says he wants to sing a song and then all he does is says "la", "la", "la", in different notes. Also, you have to press his belly every single time. I don't know about anyone else, but my toddler isn't going to play with something like that very long. This was going to be a Christmas gift but I'm returning asap.
Batteries didn't work very well size too small for the price
Doesn't work I returned to him.
His backside was dirty even inside the sealed packaging  His backside was dirty even inside the sealed packaging. His head was huge compared to his body, feels awkward. So disappointed.
smaller than I thought it would be
Soft Elmo  I had to mend Elmo's hand upon arrival. His stitching was torn open. Other than that this is a good product.
Cheap Fabric  Not super happy with this particular plush. I have ordered my daughter several pokemon plushes and this one was not the same quality. The fabric was more like felt. Very poor quality. Luckily my 6 year old has no idea/doesn't care and I was able to get it in 2 days in time for her bday. Still think I should have gotten a better quality product.
Fake  The picture of the product and the product I recieved are two completely different things. It's not even made by TOMY. It's a fake.
I thought it was so cute. My 3 year old grandson LOVES the movie and the character but when I gave him this, he became upset. He said it scary!!!! Go figure...
My 7 year old was disappointed with the size  Cute, but much smaller than anticipated. My 7 year old was disappointed with the size.
Small  This was much smaller than expected.
Missing Strawberry Shortcake doll  I ordered this set of four for someone for Christmas since the girl loves strawberry shortcake dolls. When I opened my box this is what I found (see picture) only 3 dolls in the bag and NO strawberry shortcake doll. That was the whole purpose of buying this set 
just ok  It plays just a short portion of the song. I received a mean face, not a happy face, complained and got no response. Not a big deal but i got it for my toddler to go with his matching halloween costume - so i didn't appreciate the mean face! Not for him! Wish it played a bit longer. Just a novelty.
Beanie Olaf  I thought he said phrases according to the posting but all it does is squeak and its head can be pulled off. In fact he doesn't"t squeak until the head is removed & you squeeze the body part. Wasn't impressed
Horribly Warped Faces  I bought these dolls for my Godchild who's name so happens to be Andy, thinking it'd be an adorable toy set to give him. I was worried by the pictures about the quality, but was truly horrified when i opened the package to find the faces even more warped than advertised. I'm not sure what ever became of the toys but I know that they certainly don't get played with. You're better off buying one of the higher priced decent quality Toy story dolls than wasting money on this heartache. I'm afraid i really screwed up on his gift this year, but I won't make that mistake again.
Dirty doll  She arrived dirty.  My daughter reports that she looks a little rough. If she cannot get her clean, it will be sent back.  This doll should never have made it through inspection! With the Olaf doll needing a stitch repaired and this dirty doll, I'm disappointed.  We should not have to clean and repair after we buy new products!!  OTHERWISE it's a cute doll.
Cotton Candy and Annoyance.  The Jar Jar Binks of the Pixar family... Bing-Bong is made of cotton candy and annoyance.  Buy this only for those kids you love to hate.
Spend a few extra $ for the original  Not original.  It looks kind of weird and cheap.
Cute but not functional  When recording your voice it gets stuck and doesn't start the play back until 30 or more seconds later.  Its cute, but unfortunately, 3 year old don't have patience.
DO NOT BUY!!!!!  Not a set!!! Just one cheap doll! Not worth it!!! Deceptive picture and description. One doll does not a set make.
Wait..what the eff is this?!?  Ordered this for my youngest son who's a HUGE Eevee fan. He has the smaller licensed plush but I wanted to surprise him with this since its larger... This is evil, angry Eevee with a collar? He says it's scary and he wants me to burn it(he's dramatic) Luckily, his older brother wanted it but even he's threatening to give it to the dog. Oh, well. It was a swing and a miss but we got a laugh out of it, so not a total loss. **Eevee on the left is what we already had. On the right is his angry, roided out cousin from overseas**
when I was trying to buy a replacement for my sons favorite stuffed animal  Received a knock off version, when I was trying to buy a replacement for my sons favorite stuffed animal. He did not like the fake kitty.
it was ripped
Until this elephant goes down in price back to the $6 to $7 range I will not buy it. I'm not sure what the thought process was in raising the price but its ridiculous.  It's a cute elephant but not worth the jump in price.
Cute Sloth, but still Dissapointed  I admit that this sloth plush has a cute face and is quite large, but those might be the only two good things about it. I was disappointed by some things. First it sheds horribly! There were parts of his fur that came out in clumps, I really made sure to feel around because I was almost expecting there to be a hole in him. Thankfully there wasn't. I own a lot of stuffed animals and amongst them a few older wild republic cuddlekins. I have to say, the quality this company is now using to make their plush is not as good as it use to be. I can tell the stuffing they use feels cheaper as well. I own both the jumbo cuddlekins manatees, the old version which I bought in 2009 and their newer version I bought last year. They are so different. The older one is so much better made. Their jumbo plush are pretty pricey, and I never use to mind paying so much because I knew the quality was worth it. Unfortunately not anymore. The price of these plush has stayed about the same, but quality has gone down. Sadly, this will be the last cuddlekins wild republic plush I will buy.
Waste.  I should have gotten a regular stuffed Elmo. This one is not worth the money. It came clean and intact and is really cute but that's it. The sound is so low that I had to keep putting it to my ears to make out what he was saying. He doesn't say much either and the lullaby is so short that by time you hear it , it's done. The battery pack is practically impossible to take out as well bc the back pocket that holds it is small and tight. I guess that's good for the child that has it but what  about the parent that has to get to it.  I wouldn't recommend or buy again.
This toy spends most of its days sitting on her bed so it's not like she plays with it every day  Doll is smaller than I thought, but my daughter loves it.  Unfortunately,  only a month later it's coming apart.  This toy spends most of its days  sitting on her bed so it's not like she plays with it every day.  I'm disappointed that with it being so small it's harder to sew together and will probably come apart again.  So sad.
Buyer Beware  Very disappointed with this item. It is very small about 7" tall! Not as described.
Product is clearly a knock off.
False advertising!  Product is not as advertised...do not purchase!! Received Low quality Pokemon as mentioned in previous reviews!
When I got this item the head is super lose like some kid tried pulling it apart a hole punched in the tag and something on the fur very dissatisfied
Defective  I'm only giving it two stars instead of one since the quality of the product is still in like new condition. My only issue is that the only time it talks is when you first turn it on. Yes I've even replaced the batteries that were originally in the product upon arrival. Hopefully my sons still like it even though I could of saved my money and gotten just a regular stuffed Olaf elsewhere for cheaper. Was really hoping this would do what its supposed to, extremely disappointed.
This turned out to be a cheap knock off worth about $1.00. Came straight from China. Should be illegal and definitely is fraudulent.
Not What I Ordered  Its not what I ordered. I ordered what I saw in the picture, not some knock off, ugly rat. I ordered a pretty eevee. Thanks for ruining my sisters birthday present.
Too expensive.  I should have realized I would not get much for my money as these toys are in demand.  Too expensive for that type of toy.  I should have realized I would not get much for my money as these toys are in demand.
The face of the one I received looks totally different from the picture. It has a slanted weak looking eyes. A bit disappointed in this product since It doesn't really look like Kirito coz of the face.
disappointing  So the size of the doll was alright.  I wish it looked exactly like the picture, but it isn't. CLOSE though.  The one sent looks like a fake compared to the one in the picture.  I tried to mold it to look like the picture, but nothing I tried works. it wasn't that it was handled badly.  It was quick shipment but who ever has one that looks exactly like the picture is really lucky.  I am a big fan of final fantasy and thought that this stuffed animal was perfect.  Unfortunately, you will not receive one that looks like the picture.
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY  DO NOT BUY THIS SQUIRTLE !! UNLESS YOU ARE INTO ALIEN LOOKING POKEMON!!!! I bought this and it came in WAY faster than anticipated but it doesn't even look like the picture!!!!! SO disappointed but I have to keep it because it is an easter present .
It is not waterproof and is dangerous!!
So tiny and cheaply made. Only 10 inches long. So disappointing.  Won't even give it as a gift. Do not buy!!
SMALL  VERY small - for the price it is not worth it.
Doesn't Work!  I bought this for my sister as a Christmas present.  Unfortunately the voice box doesn't work at all, I searched for a fix on Google and apparently a lot of other people have had the same issue.  Definitely avoid this one.
Olaf is speechless  It would've received a 5-star review if the batteries didn't die 3 days after we got it. (By the way, there's no way to replace them unless maybe if you cut him open)
Did not last 5 min with a Mini pincher!  This toy could not have be 'designed' for pets - because it did not last 5 minutes with our little Minpin.  She kept looking at where we placed the broken toy - she wanted it but it was not safe.  The 'sound pellet' came out.  I don't understand why Hartz put this on market - was it tested?  I do not recommend this toy for dogs.
Dont buy  Got water in it after the first use. Shorted out after second use.
Poor Quality  The plush enderdragon was very poor quality. I ordered this for my son for his birthday. The seams were open in two areas and there were approximately 10 strings randomly hanging from the stitching. Unfortunately I do not have enough turn around time to get a new one in time for his birthday. Very poor quality for an expensive plush.
It's the size (and quality) of a McDonald's Happy Meal Toy  Ridiculous for $14. It's the size (and quality) of a McDonald's Happy Meal Toy. Don't buy it.
poor quality.  this plush simply isn't as high quality as other pokemon center plushies. the stitching is coming undone in several places and the wings aren't connected so they don't stay up. would not recommend.
Small
Does not look as described  The object doesn't even look close to as shown. Advice, keep looking.
Disappointed  Within two days Tiggy won't light up anymore.  Not good.
item not as pictured
Parrot is cute but after it sang a few times the beak started making a clacking sound so loud that you can't hear the parrot sing.  Should have lasted longer for the price.
So disappointed  Clearly a fake product, felt terrible to the touch, it's currently under my bed. Ugh, it's hideous with a football shaped head
Poor quality product  For the price, this toy is made of cheap materials.
Poorly Made Item - Says New, but clearly was not.  I was very disappointed when receiving this item. It stated that the plush was new; however, there was no tag. Also, the hot glued sword was falling off - a simple pinch would have caused it to be detached. The shield on the back was also hot glued; however, it was peeling up. The pants were worn and caused white fuzz to be all over the item. The nose and mouth also were connected by a sloppy sewing job. Needless to say, it will be returned.
Not nearly as nicely made as I would expect for the price.
Cheap  Looks cheap. VERY tiny. Not worth the price at all.
not so cute  Misshaped head, not so cute. Not like the picture.
Almost sounds like battery is dead  Not well made. Sound is very weak. Almost sounds like battery is dead. We are sending it back.
Not worth the money you pay  Not too happy with this product my daughter played with her stretchkin unicorn twice and it's arms and legs are ripping at the seam
Not from Disney, nothing like the photo.  The Peas and inside are bright yellow. It doesn't have any label that says its from Pixar nor Disney. And the Peas faces are nothing alike. Black eyes with mustaches... Terrible item really. I wish I could post a picture of it and give them less than a star... Total waste of money.
Stopped working after just a few uses...
Me enviaron algo muy diferente a lo de la foto no es original no aconsejo comprarlo es una imitacin los originales traer bordada la pltica del mueco este no y el material es barato
DO NOT BUY FOR THIS PRICE!  Adorable and well made! Love everything about this EXCEPT the price!! DO NOT BUY AT THIS PRICE!! It is more than twice what I paid the first time and I will NOT be purchasing again unless the price comes back down! My advice: search on Google before buying here because I have found almost the same item for way less than this. Absolutely terrible how much they have marked it up!!
Mouth broke after 1 hour of use..
Not warm and fuzzy...  Not very warm n fuzzy for $10.00. This thing arrived smashed and distorted. The material is course and the face is distorted. Not something that I want my grand daughter to receive at Christmas. For $10 bucks, it's going back Quick refund thank you... unfortunate that the dog wasn't more like how it appears. Seems like a good company...gooduck anyway
Pbesabesat  :-D
False Representation  I would like to warn anyone looking to purchase the vaporeon plush in the picture, it is not the one they will send. I was hoping to purchase that one and instead received a fake with no tag. I was more concerned with the plush's appearance and it is not like the one in the picture which is far cuter. For those worried about receiving an authentic item this one has no tag, not even one on the leg...  very upset...
but my sister liked it. She's a cookie monster fan  2 much for to little. As big as my hand, but my sister liked it. She's  a cookie monster fan.
Over priced  Over priced stuffed doll but whatever my little girl loved it...
Overpriced!
Not worth it, even as a lightning deal  The squeakers inside are near impossible for a human to activate and even less likely that my dogs will ever get it to work. When you can get it to squeak the room has to be entirely quiet to even hear it. The construction seems durable enough, we shall see if it stands the test of time however. I am not optimistic it will last much past Christmas.
Not great quality  The stitching tares easily after 1 week. Already falling apart.
Needs batteries every week!  Got this as a gift and it came wrapped in a plastic bag which wasn't too presentable for a gift. The gloworm has three settings. 1) Light 2) Demo 3) Music and Light Unfortunately, there isn't a volume button for the music. I find it a bit loud but my children don't seem to mind. I noticed they don't fall asleep until the music is off.  Update: I dropped this down to 2 stars because of battery life. We've been using this 3 weeks now and have had to change the batteries 3 times! So in 3 weeks we've gone through 9 batteries. It's not just a defective gloworm because my daughter has one that we got her and we are having the same issue with hers.
It was exactly what was expected until two nights ago when the Goat Simulator ripped.  My 7 years cried his eyes out.  He loves his plush toys and cannot imagine how it could have ripped.  He isn't rough with them.  He sleeps with them.  That was disappointing.
It's only hand-sized !! Totally not as I expected
Not satisfied  The description states brand new in retail package, this is not the case. The "retail package" shown is an officially licensed minecraft box. Jinx came in a plastic bag. Not much of an officially licensed looking gift.
I ordered an Oddish and instead got Diglet. Not thrilled.
Terrible quality
Product not as described.  Description says 9 product was 6.5. Description says that it talks, product does not. Cant return because it was needed as a gift but very disappointed in what we received based on description.
Not Thrilled  Was dingy and looked old. Had to replace batteries were dead and had to be replaced
goggle stopped almost immediately
Son hated this Elmo toy.  Son was terrified of it and kept throwing it in the trash.  Sadly he is an ELMO Addict, just did not like this elmo toy one bit.
Color was disortes and chipled
I ordered this doll because it's exactly like the one my daughter has  I ordered this doll because it's exactly like the one my daughter has. The one that arrived has a different dress than what is pictured.
Very sad because my daughter loved it so much  Same problem others have mentioned.  The battery died so quickly and it can't be replaced.  Very sad because my daughter loved it so much, but I don't want to repeatedly buy a new one.
to expensive!!!
they dream up a new name and manufacture good reviews.  I have reviewed this item before....this set of Peppa Pig's family is never delivered..they took my money and never delivered...I'm sure this review will magically disappear again..they dream up a new name and manufacture good reviews...WATCH OUT!!!
This Lorax is super small. I thought the product would be a true 6" toy. It's tiny- it's similar to a cheap carnival stuffed toy. The dollar store stuffed animals are better quality and larger than this. Very Disapointed that I spent over $10 for this.
Annoying
Misleading title - corrected  I was so disappointed when I opened my package today. The title says Star Wars Bear Plush STUFFED animal.  I wouldn't have bought it if it said that it was the bear without any stuffing.  Updated - the seller has updated the title and desciption to reflect the fact that it is an unstuffed bear.  The bear was cute but was more work that I thought it was going to be becuase of the fact I had to go out, last minute, and get it stuffed.  I'm glad the descruption has been updated.
Horrible  So you would think the balls come with it!! I wouldn't recommend this for anyone!! It was a waste of my money!
Daughter loves it, however, a hole ripped open on day 3.
The hair is sparse and nothing like in the picture  Besides the product being late, it is a flimsy piece of junk.  The hair is sparse and nothing like in the picture, the dress is glued on with visible glue and the doll itself is very tiny and barely stuffed.  Of course it wouldn't be easy to ship this garbage back to China.  I am very disappointed in Amazon for allowing such poor quality items to be sold on their site.  This is a scam.  DO NOT BUY.
I'm stuck with this useless stuffed animal  I agree with other comments. This is the most deceptive photo and description of a product. This thing is so insanely small.  It's also smashed inside the bag its in. It will never look as it does in the photos and thanks to this seller refusing returns, I'm stuck with this useless stuffed animal.
Was not happy  Very good quality but the R on his foot is Upside down
DO NOT BUY!!  I am very upset with this plush because it is a fake..I would urge people to NOT purchase from this company at all!! They are unreliable and they misrepresent their products.
sucks  I already have a green yoshi, and i was thinking this one was exactly like the one i own but its not, its a much lower quality product. i doubt it an offial nintendo product
Very disappointed  It was tiny and very cheaply made, not worth the $15 I paid for it!
Looks like I got a bad one.  I was really eager to get this since I've started collecting them. But when she came in the mail, her tail was devoid of stuffing, stitched funny and really floppy. Nowhere near as high of quality of the other plushies I already have in this series and nothing like the picture. I think I might be returning this. :(
Disappointed  Really disappointed in the Raggedy Ann doll. On the back of the head the yarn is missing (about an inch wide.) the Raggedy Andy is in perfect condition.
It looked nothing like the picture
This is a cute little lamb, but it does have small batteries inside it so make sure you keep it away from pets and babies/toddlers. My dog got a hold of it and pulled out the insides. Luckily I found all three batteries and he didn't digest them.
i cannot believe that this is organic all natural product. IT IS MADE IN CHINA.
poor quality. i want money  it was only half stuffed.  poor quality.  i want money back
Sent wrong character  Instead of getting the ghost I received the bowser mario character. Was to late to send back and get the right one so I just kept it ended up with two bowser's cuz I already had one bowser.
cute, but...  Cute Bear.  Nice Quality.  EXCEPT:  you have to cut threads to remove the "removable apple rattle"  which leaves little holes in the hands of the bear.  Not great design.  Next, one of the ears is sewn slightly off on my bear, which wouldn't normally bother me... but when you pay over 40 something dollars for a Small stuffed bear you expect the company to have their quality control up to par. That being said, the nose is cute, the claws are cute.  The face is happy.  Just wish my bear didn't look like a factory second.
NO Packaging - NO Sound  When I order it the descriptions said his had sounds.  The one I received didn't have any sound.  It also didn't come in a box.  As far as I can tell it could be used.  Very Disappointed.
Looking at the pictures it appears there is two different Donkey Kongs that have been shipped. We got the cheaper smaller looking one. I give it a 1. Was disappointed although my stuffed animal loving 5 year old still liked it.
Not item pictured. Warning!  Rip off and fake. I have the TOMY Pikachu. I wanted another and  this aint it. Color is different, material is different. Its a poor quality knock off. Needed it for a haloween costume, otherwise i would have returned it. Seller should be banned.
Turned out to be really creepy.... and say that knowing I was ordering a Yoda. It was creepy for a Yoda toy.
The item shown in the picture is not what I received. The item I received has a black outline around the mouth; and the head is more oval. Please display an accurate picture of what you're selling.
I was very disappointed in this product  I was very disappointed in this product.  I thought this was the same toy a little boy in my daycare had.  I ordered this for my grandson for Valentines.  When he took it out of the bag it was nothing like I expected and so let down when he opened it.  His little face was so disappointed.  Poor quality and not what I thought I was getting.  Sad for my grandson 
Absolute RIP-OFF.  This was the worst offer I've ever purchased. My daughter wanted a Freddy plush for her birthday so I looked and found this one and it seems mostly everyone says this plush is real so I bought it. It took a long time for it to arrive and the worst part? IT'S FAKE! This was a rip off and i regret spending money for this ugly bear doll. I thought it would send the real one but NOPE, it tricked me! I bought the Funko one instead and my daughter was happy for the Funko one and we decided to get rid of the fake Freddy. Before you purchase, DON'T BUY THIS ONE! Get the Funko one instead!
Elastic snapped after two weeks  Bought this for my baby's stroller and the elastic broke after just two weeks. And not from overuse either, as it was just hanging there, he is still too young to pull on it.
Not worth $14  Great product was totally worth the $7 but once crafters started using them for birth announcements they raised the price. It's not worth the $14 it's at now. Very disappointed. You can find them cheaper at Walmart!
Poor quality, very flimsy and the colors were off
i wish i could rate it less
Bought this for a baby, as the description listed it as appropriate for 1 month to 14 years. Well, the actual manufacturer's tag says "not for children under 3 years"  So perhaps the seller should update their listing to not be deceptive.
Rattle, really?  Rattle should have been listed in product description.  Deceptive and unacceptable.  I should decide how many "words" in my review.  Ridiculous.  How does this product have so many stars with all the poor reviews relating to the rattle.  Amazon needs to deal with this issue.
Why send a product with dead batteries?!  I'm so upset. When we opened the product for our daughter it didn't make a sound. It's really disappointing and now we have to figure out how to replace the batteries and I literally just opened it. Do better.
While I like the product  While I like the product, the Velcro back on both Glow Worms I purchased hardly closes.  If by chance I get it to close it, it only lasts for a few seconds before it pops back open.
Not what I expected for the amount of money I spent. Didn't meet ecpectations.
Item received was defective  It was dirty, the "Try Here" sticker was worn from obvious use, the batteries were dead and corroded, and after replacing the batteries it did not work. Clearly not imbued with snow magic by a qualified ice queen.
They are dirty and smell like smoke  Bought 2 packs of these for Christmas gifts.  They are dirty and smell like smoke.  Will have to waste time returning these.  Disappointed.
There all fake!!!
Carnival Quality - yuck  I purchased this because my daughter loves Elmo and the ratings were really high.  ??!!  If I saw this in person prior to buying it, I wouldn't have paid .99 cents at the Dollar Store.  Lame in every respect.  Cheap looking, distorted, shaggy, uneven, and not cute.  How is it possible to make Elmo ugly?!  The poor guy looks malnourished, as he is about half as plump as the picture.  This is pitiful!  I'm not a brand snob, but I'm astounded that this is a Gund product.  I typically have wonderful luck when I purchase products with such high ratings.  The only thing I can figure is that I either got some cheap counterfeit or Gund has dumbed-down their quality recently, like so many other companies have.
Dissapointment  Very cheaply made.
DO NOT BUY  Stretchkins has horrible customer service. They charge for postage even if your item is back ordered.  They continue to lie about when they will be shipping one of my items.  The items are a lot smaller then they appear to be in the ads.
very nice but does not speak furby speech .. lost both my nina days he could not enjoy
Poor quality  Very poorly made.  Stuffing was coming out when we received it.  Fur fabric tears very easily and an arm was half off within the first day.  Wasn't even heavily used - I bought it for an infant and we had only passed it around.  I was able to sew it up to fix it, but I wouldn't buy another one.  I bought the tiger at the same time for my older son and his had similar issues.  The quality of these is very poor.  They are very cute and a great concept - for the price I expected them to be better made.
would have been awesome if he wasn't a defect  i got a factory defect. 2 right arms. (one arm is backwards). he is very soft though. would have been awesome if he wasn't a defect. the only reason i still love him is because my boyfriend got him for me. if anything i think it gives him character. but for the people who are looking for a perfect plush, probably not the best one to order unless you want to try your luck.
much smaller than expected.  Much smaller than expected. But I think she will fit nicely with my daughters elf. I hope she likes it. The doll looks kind of awkward looking too. But you get what you pay for.
One of the buckle nylon straps came apart from one of the buckles shortly after purchase.
However if I had a choice i would not have started this love affair and would have chosen something else  I have to give this 2 stars because my son won't go anywhere without him.  However if I had a choice i would not have started this love affair and would have chosen something else.  It looks like it is pretty worn out and rough right away and after a week it looks like it's had about 5 years of tough love.  The hair is scratchy and rough and seems to collect everything if you take it out of the house.  I have several BBTB items and have had much better luck with others...think twice before purchasing.
Very small and not worth the money  It is very small like something on a key chain Total rip off worth maybe $1
Small  Small. Doesn't seem worth the price. It's fine, but not that great. Got two other tokidoki unicornos (Aurora 2-pack Bowie & Pixie for $24.99) that are also "10 inches" that I liked much better and are twice the size of this one!!
Battery problem!!!  My mother bought this item for my 14 month old for Christmas. We were really excited about getting it because we noticed it was the 2nd most wanted buy this year for Christmas. We got the Elmo because my daughter loves to go around and hug everyone. We ordered the first one from amazon and it didn't work correctly when we went to use it so we had to exchange it for another one. Now we have the new one and my daughter does like to play with it very much the only problem is the batteries die very fast. We've had to replace the batteries now about 5 times and she doesn't play with it that often. We've only had it since the beginning of January and we are already at our giving up point. We are highly frustrated with this product. I would not recommend purchasing this unless you are alright with replacing the batteries (which take 4) after every use.
My daughter LOVES the rabbids, but I received this toy broken. It doesn't make any noises and the seller refuses to answer me. It looks cheaply made, but would've been worth it if it actually made a noise.
The item i received did not have the authentic disney pixar patch on the side. The peas were yellow. 2 had the same facial expression Very dissapointed Will return this item and get my money back
Very disappointed and so is my daughter  The face is upside down!!!!  Very disappointed and so is my daughter.
The bear is well made but when you place the stethoscope on his tummy it says heart and when placed on his heart says tummy???
I was under the impression that this came with two. Should have read the reviews!
happy meals have far better  If I could give it a no star I would... happy meals have far better toys
This was the smallest thing ever!
Fake...  The one on the picture and the actual item looks completely different... Found out later that the one I received is the 9inch model selling for $14.95 at disney store...
Not the doll shown in picture!  The doll pictured is not what was delivered. We received a 26" inch doll that had a different dress (no snowflake sparkles). The doll is awkwardly long and too big for my daughter to carry around all the time. Very disappointed!
Fake  This was a rip off. Not licensed. We ended up keeping it just because I didn't feel like dealing with it.
too small
Very small  - ordered this item and gave it to my niece who seemed disinterested in it after looking at it for a few seconds.
Hard to fling  This doesn't  really fling. It just kind of falls to the floor and moos. The mooing is fun though and makes my kids laugh.
Horrible quality.  Not what I was expecting at all. Horrible quality.
The light on the bear only worked for a week
Black Yoshi has had multiple surgeries now . . .  The product was received as described and very quickly.  However my son found a open seam a day or two after receiving and required some stitching.  Then about 2 months later, Black Yoshi has to have "brain surgery" as another seam had popped.
Not same product as shown  This isn't exactly what I purchased, and it's got this vibe of being a bootleg product made from a China prison. I'm tempted to do a #WhoMakeMyPlush in hopes of finding out who actually made this. The thread is white, which is a red flag, instead of color matched. It makes it painfully obvious on the paws.  I thought I was getting the other Vaporeon with the much more adorable eyes but this ones eyes are buggy-eyed and too close together. Which is a huge turn off for me. I'll give it credit to being soft and having good structural integrity. I am a collector who tries to buy quality and not just because it's a Nintendo character.  I chose this Vaporeon because the mane and ears are two sided instead of a single fabric and more effort was being made. However, because of the white thread and eyes, the enjoyment of having a good plush is not there. Honestly, I feel like I just funded everything I as a collector of decent quality stand against.  It IS fun to smack people with the tail, but I'm going to replace it with the Vaporeon from the "I love Eevee" collection. The Glaceon I bought is MUCH softer and better quality than than this Vaporeon, honestly I just regret this purchase.
It's hard to rate how I like the actual item when it hasn't been received  Looking at the picture of the item, its cute. It's exactly what my son wanted, but... It's hard to rate how I like the actual item when it hasn't been received. I have reached out to the seller two different times and I not heard anything back.
Too much  Tiny for the price but I know I paid for it because of its collectors value.
Image shows tied ear version, wanted to have on hand as a back up  for child. The version sent has flap ears and looks different enough with different music....will not work as a substitute.
Sheds!  Really cute but sheds a lot and hard edged pieces come off.
the stitching shows that they were hurried to finish and lacked the care to make it nice. I've order MANY other Pok&eacute;mon dolls fr  Though the order came a lot quicker than expected, the stitching shows that they were hurried to finish and lacked the care to make it nice. I've order MANY other Pok&eacute;mon dolls from other companies with better results. This was a disappointment and not worth the hassle to return to China.
Very poor quality.
Not the real deal  Definitely a knock-off, and I feel bad someone spent their money for me to have something that was falling apart before I even opened it. The stitching is coming apart in multiple places, the stuffing is pushing its way out. That being said, if you do not mind a knock-off, this looks alright from a distance, and is probably too small to cuddle with anyways, so sitting on a shelf won't do it any harm. I feel I can't give more than 2 stars to a fake, mostly out of guilt because someone else bought it as a gift and I don't want the same thing to happen to anyone else, but I will reiterate that if it's just going to sit on your shelf without lots of close inspection, this might do the trick.
My poor granddaughter just cried  The sound only worked a few times. My poor granddaughter just cried. She's only 17 months old, broke my heart! I shouldn't have pressed it at all, then she wouldn't have expected it to sing! I don't know how they measured him, much tinier than size stated. Never buying from this company again. Click on their other products and reviews. I don't understand why Amazon accepts this seller!
Do Not Buy- No Face on Plush  Came with no face it eyes- disappointed daughter Christmas morning. Quality Control anyone?
TUMMY STUFFER  I REQUESTED THE GIANT TUMMY STUFFER AND I MUST SAY FOR 44 DOLLARS IT WASN'T WORTH IT.  I CERTAINLY DON'T CONSIDER IT GIANT SIZE IT MEAUSURED APPROX.  14 TO 16 INCHES.  I GAVE IT TO MY GRANDSON WHO SAW IT ON TV AND HE WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED SINCE THE COMMERCIAL SHOWED THE DOG TO APPREAR MUCH LARGER THAN IT IS.  WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT NOR MY GRANDSON.
which would be fine but Toothless is suppoesed to be Black  I ordered this toothless & it looks the same as pictured only Blue,,,,,,,,which would be fine but Toothless is suppoesed to be Black !!
Power button doesn't work  Got two of these and both had power buttons that didn't work and wouldn't hook up to the computer.  Not good
Not as described  I ordered this twice, and twice Amazon sent me the Giant version (5 inches) and not the 15-20" one advertised.
Received this toy and was disappointed in the fact that it will not stand up as shown in the picture--the heads flop over and then it falls--
Not a legit Nintendo plush. He was falling apart and just didn't look legit from the beginning. I contacted them and got a refund. It's cute if you don't care that it's a knock off.....
Not impressed with the quality. I used this for one plane ride and one of the buckles is already detached from the body...
It's ok  The music sound it's very low and can't really change the battery
It's very small and you only get one. Not worth 15 bucks. Sending back. Not even in a box. It was going to be a gift. Picture is very deceiving
Very poor quality...stitching is loose or non existent on more than one place.
Poor sound, message gets erased easily.  Cheap toy. Didn't come with instructions but it's not rocket science. One hand let's you record, the other plays back the message. There's no way to "lock" the buttons so if your kid presses the wrong hand, your message gets erased. The sound quality is terrible, too.
I was not happy with the tail.  It's not plush. My daughter was disappointed!!!
Look-A-Like  Item is smaller than you might expect.  Not full and soft. It's an inexpensive Poke' look-a-like.
Scout is way better. First one received didn't work.  I pretty much don't like anything about this toy. My daughter doesn't seem to like it either. When the first one arrived, it was broken and my wife set it up. Amazon was great about replacing and sending a new one.  Second one arrives and we have to set it up again. I ended up setting it up and put it under a new email on a different computer. Unfortunately, the vtech program doesn't allow you to logout without uninstalling the program. So, on my wife's computer, I had to uninstall and log it back in (small nitpicks, but annoying).  Also, the cover for the usb plug on the cody itself is terrible. The cover slides back and it's really difficult to plug in the USB.  As for Cody, it seems to repeat a lot and you spend a lot of time setting up with a lot of personal info. Yet, when you hit the buttons it doesn't seem to utilize that information well. Not a fan...
Crappy Furry Ball  My elmo ball has never giggled making it worst stocking stuffer ever.  My son has never played with it.  The cost to return was the same as actual purchase price so I now have a crappy furry ball for nothing.  Very disappointed.
Dissapointed  I got something wrong here, I was looking through this and people said it was about 6 inches tall and well made.  Mine was a fake and it was extremely small so I am sure I got something wrong.
Not as advertised  No--it was poorly made and not as cute as the foto--very disappointed. I ended up giving it to a friend's dog to play with. Never will order that brand again.
I GOT CHEATED  I ordered and paid for two (2) Olaf Plush talking Plush.  I received only one talking Olaf...
Very cute but do not wash his fur gets messed up. My daughter was very upset
first time it was broke then they replaced that one then broke again.not worth the money.one star because it is cute
not pleased  I was not very happy with this item. Didn't have it 24 hours and one of the arms ripped. The material was not very strong.
Disappointed due to stained dress!  The Poppy doll is cute but, it came with stains all over the front of her dress. Dissatisfied!
before order Clover bunny I read reviews. I was happy to make an order but it is bit expensive for little bunny. When the toy was delivered I desapointed with the color of bunny. All look cheap made, not even/ White color looks dirty gray. Will return. For that quality you may buy it for 5$
Olaf doesn't like fire  Changed the batteries for the first time and it shorted out and started smoking.
I can say that the grandkids loved them
Very Disappointed  I am giving this a rating of 1 because there is no zero. I received it as a gift for my son and after downloading the information from my computer to the doll absolutely nothing happens. All we hear when we press the buttons is the introduction. I have found out through research that the software will not work on Windows XP Service Pack 2. You think Fisher Price would have noted this on the box?  Waste of money and Fisher Price customer service is the worst.  They are not helpful and continue to insist on changing the batteries.  Do they think that there are magical batteries that will make it work?  I would prefer them to just be honest.
Just.......no.  Terrible. It makes me cringe how many poor elders bought this for their kids, not realising the things are derping. DERPING. Chica's eyes are simply pupils, Foxy looks like he just survived brain cancer, and why are there four Bonnies?! Helpful advice: Order Funko's version of these.
THIS IS A FAKE ALPACASSO  Do your research. Save your money. Don't support knockoffs.
The shipping was flawed  I ordered a chlamydia microbe and got the bone cell instead it was even marked chlamydia on the wrapping with the wrong microbe inside. Someone is not doing their job in shipping items. I was going to be a gift for someone but there was no way I could exchange it in time. Now I have an unwanted microbe sitting on my shelf.
hate iT don't by  I am not happy with this is not what it says it's a fake overpriced stuffed animal I'm just telling you if you want the real one this is not it
Love this product but what's up with more than doubling the price!  Love this product but what's up with more than doubling the price. Will not buy it for that much and will go find it somewhere else.
It cute but definitely not worth the price . I would pay $20 tops
First one "both feet and off buttons" didn't work, Second toy "off button" doesn't work  Bought this for my daughters' birthday.  I programed it 2 days prior to the party only to find both feet and the off button did NOT work.  Had to exchange for a new one and guess what....the off button does NOT work and have to wait for it to "time out".  We will keep it, but if it has any more problems I will exchange once more or just return it.  VTech needs to improve its quality control department!  UPDATE:  2nd toy stopped working so had to return it.
Blasphemy!  This toy in no way represents my dark lord, Cthulhu. Come up with your own names for things, Terraria.
Lousy quality, and not as pictures at all.  Pretty terrible quality control. It wasn't even black, more like a grey-green colour. The stripes on the ears don't line up properly either. My girlfriend liked it anyway, but I'm disappointed. I think she's just being polite. Took 2 weeks to arrive even though it was supposed to be Prime. Too cheap to bother returning.
Was torn when recieved
Product Not as Expected or Described  Smaller than product description listed of 11 inches. Each measures barely 6 inches. Construction not as expected. Returned.
Bad quality  Was not happy with Barney it was much smaller then I thought and quality very cheap so disappointed I bought them for my twin grandchildren because there sad loved Barney and I wanted to have them like he did when he was little and it was a waste of my money
THis did not come with a DVD!  IT is now 3 days before Xmas.  THe whole point was to dance with DVD.
it stopped sensing that it is actually on the toilet after one week. now we only have accidents.
I guess I didn't stop to think where this thing may have been. All I can say is that it sure stunk when I opened it!
Did not like  Did not like it You could see where the glue was in the  seems and the glue was hard sticking out of the seams
Poor quality  This giraffe is a nice size but it is for decoration purposes only in my opinion.  The legs are so stiff they are like table legs, the neck is under stuffed, and the head is hard and feels like it is made around a block of styrofoam.  I am returning this.  My child wanted this for Christmas but I know she would be disappointed if I actually gave it to her.  It must be returned.  Disappointing.  If you are looking for a giraffe for decoration purposes only this may work.
Poor quality knock off with a bunch of loose strings and damage.
Not the product listed. I received 4 horses and very low quality.
Bad stitching on braids  Like several others, the braids fell right off. Her right braid didn't make it 15 minutes, the left a bit longer, but still within the first 24 hours. Extremely poor stitching holding those on.  Without the braids, looks like a faded toad.
Price to high  I bought mine 2 years ago at Walgreens and i paid like 15.00 dollars for it. I love it
SMALLER THAN I EXPECTED
Picture changed now but.....  Wasn't as pictured. Bunny came with rips. Disappointed.
This looked nothing like the picture! It was so generic looking and even had a hole in it!!
not very soft. made with low quality textiles.
Two Stars  There was a tear in Rockys ear and it was suppose to be new.
Never get it  I can get a ####ing 7 dollar espeon that's better!
Item does not match description  Sadly, had to return this item. I should have read the reviews before purchasing. Description said 24-inches, but it was more like half that size and looked very cheap for $25.
The toy is fine, not happy with the seller  Their idea of gigantic and mine are two totally different things.  It's small - about the size of a second place carnival prize.  The customer service was beyond disappointing.  I ordered this on a Thursday afternoon at about 1:30.  I needed it right away so I paid the ridiculous shipping fees (twice the cost of the item) to get it overnight.  I did not receive it until Monday morning.  When I complained I was basically told "overnight" only refers to shipping, not packaging. So apparently they can take three days to get it in the mail and still meet the qualifications of overnight service.  I guess this company will say (lie) anything to get you to buy their products
Seam ripped in back with only gentle play.
Bummed....  So sad!! My 3 year old daughter was so excited to receive this today after purchasing it, with her own money. Upon opening I realized the ear is unattached and stuffing is starting to coming out of that spot. Of course shes only 3, so telling her we need to send it back is not an option. Super bummed we got a defective one, it seems like its high quality other than the defect so I think we just got unlucky.
Poorly made  Took forever to arrive. Had it for about a week and the stitching is already coming apart.
Had to return do reviving wrong product
not as advertised  This does not come with any phrases, only a laugh/grunt as mentioned by another reviewer.
The plush is cute but came with Keychain. Not shown in picture. Wish that wasn't on there.
Tiny and disappointing..could barely hear the oink noise
WaitTilDollGoesOnSale  Cute doll..not at all worth the price.
Bootlegs  Should have known the price was too good to be true. The Mega Charizad X Pikachu comes close to passing for an official plush, but there are quite a few things to give it away. 1: The tag is extremely dark. Looks as if someone took a picture of a tag printed on printing paper and slapped a few foreign words on the back. The fabric tag also says made in china and that is where most poke center bootlegs come from. He has the same soft fabric as an original pc plush, but the stuffing inside is of poor quality. 2: Stitching. A few loose threads here and there and... did they superglue the wings?! His arms paws are also stitched to the face and pulling on it 3: The hoodie. The hood part doesn't fit over the head very well and as stated above, the wings are literally glued. There are even a few strings of glue on the plush. The flame on the tail is poorly stitched and looks as if it could fall off any second. Now for the Charizard Y... it's the derpy brother of the two. Very chubby and the facial features are just wrong. Another fake tag. More superglue for the wings. Sloppy stitching ect. The only good thig i can say is that it arrived very fast and packaging was goid quality.
This plush is the worst plush ive ever seen  This plush is the worst plush ive ever seen. First of all the bib is so ###!ing small unlike the picture  ontop of that when I got the thing it had hole in it (the bib of course)now with the plush in general well it's just terrible the one of the spikes on his ear is about to fall off the and the face is terrible!!!!!!!the snout thing is supposed to be in the middle of the face not on the right and the rest is going to be shown in the picture a complete waste of money don't by this!!!!!!!
Received damaged goods  Opened the package to find it had already lost an arm before being packaged, which is completely unacceptable. Definitely not worth the cost and would not recommend buying this product.
DO NOT BUY, SCAM.  This product deserves less than a star if any at all. The minion set I received stands maybe if you stretch them 4 inches tall. The foreign woman who posed against them should be ashamed to scam so many people. Luckily this gift was for a 2 year old who won't notice the size , but as for me for the buyer, I'm extremely disgusted and WILL NOT BE ORDERING AGAIN.
The turtle I reviewed does not look like the one in the photo!
Small  This was small. It was sopposed to be a 12 in and we got the 7. My kids didn't want to wait for me to return them so we just kept them. I ordered two and they both came small. A bit dissapointing.
Does not look like picture!!  This soes not look as cute as the picture. The one I received was not as white as the picture and also the fur looked a little worned!!
Nice but no  It's a cute hamper but broke like nothing,  there are tears everywhere and yet we've never put anything more than a handful of clothing inside.  Not worth it.  Very disappointing.
Not the one in the picture.  I wanted to contact the seller but since i cant seem to find that option this is the best i can do. I wanted a plump adorable pikachu that was listed and refused to buy another one because it was too thin. What do i get in the mail one that looked like the one i passed up. Its too thin, its face is oddly shaped and its not the one pictured. I would love to exhange it for the one pictured.
stupid thing  not right color big ugly fat head and rough tail with strings sticking out of it everywhere and its foot did not have any stuffing !!!!!!!!!!!!!
tiny enough for a chihuahua chew toy maybe 
Don't Buy This item  Waluigi came apart 2 hours after he was opened as a Birthday Gift. Very cheaply made with some items just glued on, not sewn.
Not what I expected  Not what I expected
WAY TO SMALL .. I SHOULD HAVE READ MEASURMENTS CLOSER ...
This is a rattle  The description should say that it's a rattle. We didn't want a rattle. Also, the inside of the ears on ours is white, not polka dotted.
small  This toy was a little too small for the price. But it works for just a stocking stuffer. Also it should have asked "boy" or "girl" because when I got the free Disney book...out was beauty and the beast...didn't really want to give it to my little boy
It caught on FIRE  Got this for my son ad after putting in the batteries after about a hour it caught on fire thankfully no one was hurt
NO SONG  I was hoping it sang the song "in summer", and it doesnt. Just a few sentences, but no song at all :-(
not pleased  This is my second farm buddie, my 5 month old son loves it. he loves to chew on the arms and pull and swing him around. i went to wash him and he completely fell apart. washed him by hand as i read to do but the stuffing inside still got all clumped together. I am not happy with this as this was not a cheap toy and my son loved it, now he is without it.
Rango stuffed toy is a joke  Very generic toy, very disappointed in the toy manufacturer. The seller however was prompt, the toy was received quickly. Our granddaughter loves Rango but could not even recognize this generic excuse of a toy.
Poor quality  Cute stocking stuffer however, the cow does not moo and after a couple try's, the area where you place your fingers came apart.  Did not hold up at all!
Not exactly plush. Fairly rigid. He is still kind of cute though.
Unsure  I opened the cow from the package and its dirty and the neck is tearing
Defective!!!!  When I opened the package and got the toy out the right hand was about to fall. The quality is so bad of this toy, i do not recommend  to buy it, and it does not worth the money you pay!
Olaf  It was just okay.  Not very well made.  Disappointing.  I am not sure I would ever order from that site again in the future.
Poor quality  Within a few hours of having opened the doll, one of it's arms fell off.  My son didn't play very rough with it.  You would think a toy would be able to withstand more than a few hours of light play.
Not the same item in the picture
Oops...  Look, I empathize with all parents out there trying to teach your kid to use the potty. Literally you try everything. I still remember googling tips and tricks and just scowling at the many links that said you could train your kid in three days. Well my kid isn't robotic and I cannot program him that way. Good for you and pat on the back an what not for those that have those rainbows and butterfly stories of how they mastered potty training with their kid. Just blog about it like the rest of the world or make a Facebook post maybe even tweet #successinpottytraining. Whatever! This elmo potty time doll is a torturous instrament. I mean already feeling defeated that you can't train your own two year old now you have a Sesame Street character from hell that you can't even get to "make it to the potty on time." I sadly after ill attempts of trying to get Elmo to the potty and hearing that wretched "accident song" tried to look at youtube videos on how to make Elmo not have an accident. I thought maybe I was doing something wrong. Nope. After countless taunts of "oops Elmo had an accident" I donated the doll to goodwill. I guess it really wasn't good will that it will now be pawned off on someone else.
While it was the right size and looked cute, I'll be returning this. It looked as if it was used. There were black smudges on the fur and the white of the eyes.
Confusing description. Returned item.
I have no one to blame but myself for being disappointed.  Make sure you read the dimensions. I have no one to blame but myself for being disappointed.
played with it once... its extremely frustrating to get out of the container...and dries up really fast. just reminds me of the foamy stuff i played with as a kid. not extremely impressed with the life of it.
It is too small and tight to fit a driver or putter which you'd usually cover.  Looked to have a longer shaft in the picture.
cheaply made. very disappointed
Disappointed  Lucario is my favorite Pokemon and I was stoked over ordering this plush, but it is a huge disappointment. Loose strings EVERYWHERE. And a place on the back of the head where there was a poorly stitched hole. It might work as a child's plaything IF one of the parents has knowledge around a sewing machine to fix it when it inevitably rips open, but as a collector's item it fails all the way around.  Two stars for fast delivery. Arrived way ahead of schedule.
Love the Doll, but Seller sells BAD Products  I bought this for my daughter who loves Abby.  I saved it for her birthday.  After giving it to her, two days later, it was falling apart!  Pieces of her dress, and she was coming unstitched under her arm.  I tried to get a refund, or exchange, but since I bought the product a month before my daughters birthday and we didn't discover all the faults he refused to do anything about the crapy product he sent to me.  He was rude and customer service is not part of his buisness, just getting money.  So be aware, when purchasing from this seller.  You will get a product on time, but it may be crapy, and he has no intention of being helpful or doing the right thing.
Cute but small  I purchased this for my granddaughters first birthday. It was much smaller than I thought for the price, but it is very cute and soft.
the stripes on the legs look like electrical tape  I ordered this through Amazon and what I got was a complete knock-off (not an authentic Minecraft item). The spider is not as pictured. It was significantly smaller, medium grey, the stripes on the legs look like electrical tape, and the legs are completely limp from lack of stuffing.
The doll was suppose to speak, but it did not. :(
They were not good quality material and stitching at all.
Only got Wario  I only got the Wario!!! Very upset as my son was really wanting Waluigi. Am purchasing again for other half! Better get it.
Should have read the description more closely  I was very disappointed, this thing is kind of expensive for the size. It's maybe six inches tall! Lesson learned.
Kids were disappointed.  I ordered this months ago. Today I received these three in it place. Not what i wanted. Kids were disappointed.
Disappointed  No way near 5 inches and over all was very disappointed with this item, it didn't nearly meet the description.
What a waste of money  I am not impressed at all by this product. Elmos hair is wispy, and his hair ends up in a fuzzy, frayed consistency, then shedding. I have not even given the gift yet, and I am totally embarrassed but I have no time to replace it. Spend a couple more dollars and buy something in person you can see before ordering and not knowing!
Sad :/  I don't even want to give it one star. I'm never super picky, but for close to 20 dollars, I expected a lot more. First off, it didn't work. Replaced the batteries and still nothing. And even if it did, seems super cheap. I was dumb and bought it early as a Christmas gift for my niece and didn't make sure it worked before I could return it. Now I'll be heading to any store that is open on Christmas eve night, so my niece can have a gift from me. I'm so sad and disappointed. I should've checked sooner. :(
Didn't work even after inserting new batteries, they were kind enough to refund my $$!
Unreliable and disappointing  This bear pictured is the bear I expected my granddaughter to receive.  Instead she got a dark brown bear, from who knows where.  It was sent as a baby gift directly to her home so I did not know until her parents sent a picture of her with the bear that was sent.  It is very disappointing when you order a gift and may never know what was received is NOT what you ordered.  Very, very unhappy customer as I looked all over the internet for just the "right" bear.
The 1st plush arrived with the bottom of the tale slightly stitched and exposed and the neck area split open.  Quality assurance???  Replacement plush was as bad.  Stitches are exposed and the mouth is stretched up and down.  Nothing like item on display.
What age is toy for
Not good  Really poor quality. Ears don't stand up and face looks weird
Products pictured are not as big as they appear.  Very disappointed.  I thought this was the same as the other Mario plush toys that I have bought.  This is not.  Its not the same size as the others.  In fact, I ordered a  another plush by the same manufacturer.  It also listed 6 inches on the description and was indeed what it said.  This is more like a very small toy that you get in a McDonalds Happy Meal.  I don't even know what the brand is that on the tag provided with it.  Its in Japanese.  This person is selling products that are not as they are listed.  Do not but from here.
excelente
Misleading description
Disappointed  My son is a huge Caillou fan.  I thought he would love this toy.  I don't think it sounds much like Caillou.  The phrases are hard to understand and the volume is very low.
BEWARE OF BUGS  I got this toy for my son for Christmas. It looked really cute in the store. That's about all the value it had. We tried to get it running on our computer, downloaded all the software, hooked up the USB cable as directed and whammo! We kept getting an error reading "attach the cable agian and retry." we did this for an hour. Finally I called the 1800 number. They trouble shooted for a few minites and quickly said" you have a defective model. We'd be happy to set up a return for you." huh? they threw the towel in very quickly. So we got another one, and LOW  AND BEHOLD-  the same darned thing!!!!!  same error message. All elmo could say was HI JOHNNY and then fuzz... that's it. NO birthday, no friends names. We thought maybe it was our computer that was broken . Imagine? Could it really be another dud elmo? yup. we finally read the reviews here and saw that there are all similar problems with the doll. Does not format with windows XP. NO wonder they were so quick to send us a new one. OH by the way, we did get the second one working using someone's laptop. No good if you want to change the settings at a future time. The elmo did awaken in the middle of the night, day etc and mysteriously start talking "play with me Johnny." Needless to say, Elmo is going back to defunct land with all the other defects.
Worked for 1 day  Bought this last year for my son's bday which was 6 months out.  Gave it to him on his bday and it worked for 1 day.  Very disappointment and was out of the return window so couldn't return or exchange it for a new one.
The Voice Is Kind of Weird  I got this on a Lightening Deal, and there were no reviews posted at the time. It was supposed to be for a gift exchange, but the voice is so creepy that I decided to get something else. It's a deep, gravely male voice that just doesn't sound very kid-friendly--definitely not like Cookie Monster.
I had to return these items. They were a knockoff and the stitching was poorly done. I found these elsewhere.
it looked like a ball with brown eyes  I wish I took a photo of how Boo arrived. The entire toy was crammed in a plastic bag so tightly, it looked like a ball with brown eyes. It was about 4" x 4".  Not the way this darling stuffed toy should arrive!  I've removed it, and he's sadly not sitting, due to his legs being bent during his travels in cellophane.  His face is sort of...well, squished. I'm not happy with this misshapen cutie, but have seen them with their proper form at local stores. While I'll pay a few bucks more, I think I'll have to in this case.
totally unimpressed  i was not impressed at all with this item - not what i assumed it to be -- i need to return it; but have not received the return receipt i requested yet.
Didn't like the voice of barney. Kinda creepy
Not my fav  I wish the toy made more sounds or words than rrrrr... I know it's chewbakka but man it's for kids/toddlers and they get easily bored from rrrrrr sound... :) sorry
So it was a pretty big disappointment for me  The plush itself is as cute as can be, but for me I was in it for the dlc code. I talked to a square enix agent and was informed that all the carbuncle codes for topaz AND emerald have expired and are not redeemable. So it was a pretty big disappointment for me. I am only leaving this review so that people know that the codes are void. Thanks
Disappointed  Much smaller than expected and the puppy had stains on it when it got to us. I couldn't return it because my son fell in love with it as soon as he saw it. Very disappointed, not worth  $12. Especially after seeing it on sale at toys r us 2 days lafter for $4.99.
It looks dull. When I saw the toys  My son likes it . But the appearance does not seem to be attractive as shown in picture. It is not shiny. It looks dull. When I saw the toys. I was disappointed.
It doesnt work  It doesnt work, sending it back
Way too small
I ordered this because I love the game and I really wanted one and for the price I was super excited after I read the great reviews but for what I got I'm super disappointed it looks nothing like the picture it looks cross eyed there's a whole in the back hats squished body is super flat legs are really short and all in all looks horrible not happy
Another Angry Bird  This isn't quite like the other 2 Angry Birds pig and the blue bird. The shape is off and not as plush.
Ok. Not worth the cost
I was so excited to get this for my niece, but it's not going to work out. It's very loud and not soothing for a child at all. It even made my dog go crazy barking. One of the tentacles is also crazy long comparatively.
Soft and sweet, but doesn't sing  We bought this for my 2-year-old daughter at Toys R Us. On the way home from the store, after she'd pressed the switch to activate the song about 30 times already, the song started cutting out halfway through. By the time we got home, it sang only the first few words. My husband took it back and replaced it, but when he gave it to our daughter, this second one took only a handful of times before it started to do the same thing. We decided to keep it, because it's still Barney, it's still soft and cuddly, and that's what means the most to our daughter. We also didn't feel like driving out to Toys R Us for the third time to buy a toy that seems to have a serious defect in workmanship. Our daughter's happy with it and laughs over the fact that Barney now only blurts out "I" when she activates the song, but I'd caution others to consider that they could easily get a lemon with this toy if music is what they're after.
I bought these and only got 2 pups. 
Sean stitching coming loose.
Too small  These are way too small! I've seen the same product in stores and it is much bigger. I was really disappointed to see a tiny mermaid come. I could have bought the same product at the dollar tree I'm very disappointed
not what expected at all  From the other reviews I was expecting a super poseable Dragonair.  What I received was a fixed pose plush with the "tail beads" that are just a cloth sleeve that isn't even round.  Going to keep because does look ok, but not going to get or recommend to anyone.
It was smaller than I thought for the price!
It's not worth it... Please don't buy this one
Nearly triple the price from last week!  Would buy again but can't afford to now.
This thing barely qualifies at 7 inches.
Don't bother  Does not look anything like the photo of the doll. A cheap and disappointing imitation.
Its a fake not from a Disney store.
I am very disappointed.  Ordered hoping that I wouldn't get a bootlegged plush. Well, it was bootleg and NOT from the pokemon center. I am very disappointed.
Returned, not happy with item  What a waste of money, not worth the price.
Disappointed  We are usually very happy with Amazon's products, however when we received this item, the sound box inside Barney didn't work. Since it was a gift for our two year old grandson who requested a Barney, and we would be visiting him soon, there wasn't time to return it.
Crappy Quality  quality of the plane isn't that great. it looks as though the sewed it together to quickly, the tail won't stand up straight and leans to the side, the nose of the plane is pointing down instead of straight ahead.
You can not get each color out one at a time. They ALL come out together!  I would NOT recommend buying this! My daughter is almost 9 and I opened it, it was a MESS getting out, you couldn't pull one color out at a time because of the way it's packaged. There was one solid cover over all the colors mixing them up. She ended up having to pull them ALL out at once so we ended up with ONE SOLID COLOR! Looks NOTHING like it shows in the photo. Julie
Voice box was inoperable
Not so awesome.  This is a small little plushy, that is not very soft, it does not sit correctly, but it looks cute from a distance. I was looking for a soft friend to place on top of  my computer. Well he fits with lots of room to spare. Oh well.
poor quality  Stitches came out in two days. Poor quality but son loves it none the less. Why can't they work on improving quality of this well loved toy ?
Don't buy these!  Terrible quality. These stickers rip as you peel them off the paper! Very cheap quality. So disappointed. Sadly I bought two!
It's cute......  ......except it's difficult to find the right spot to push the button so that it will rawr!  When it does.....it sounds more like an elephant with a throat condition.
Tiny tiny tiny
I also received 2 of these and am unable to send them back for a refund
Monsters  Came defected and was to be a Christmas present. There were no more in stock. Seems a delightful toy when working. However, I was impressed with how efficiently it was picked up and my account credited.
I didn't like it  was smaller than i though,too expensive for the quality, I don't like it and I won't buy anything like this in the future
Small mermaid  Is much smaller than I expected but very cute.
Disappointed....  Supposed to be delivered Dec. 7 and I got it today, Feb. 1. !!!!!!  Not at all what I expected!
Very Small  Very small, much smaller than I expected. Cheaply made. A big disappointment. However, my niece was excited to have an adventure time plushieSo I gave an extra star.
Not  a close enough look compared to the actual minions. A for effort though.
Tiny  A lot smaller than I was expecting especially for the price
Not worth it. poor construction  I bought this because my 5 year old son saw the commercial and begged for one.  Upon arrival I noticed that the seams were coming undone along the back by the tail.  I stitched that up before giving it to him.  After five minutes of play the fabric handle came off.  It is really not worth the money.  That being said, they sure know how to market them.  Despite the poor construction my son loves it.
not the original one its a knock-off.
This is not an an authentic Paw Patrol Product. The quality is poor and there is not the official paw patrol tag in the leg seam. We have an authentic one and the difference is quite noticeable - different type of collar, color not right, no ear notch. Do not buy this product if you want a real paw patrol product.
Stiches was ripped  2 of the animals was ripped and stuffing was poking out had to sew it up bc it was for a b day present and didn't have time to return cheap made
Stopped working after a day would not reconmend
This toy stopped working the same day we recieved it.
Doesnt work  The battery compartment will not open! Cannot use super disappointed, bought as a gift
I would have returned them but i wasn't going to pay the shipping to do it. These are way over-priced. I thought i was getting 7 of them because of the photo. They are odd shaped and not nearly as cute as the ones o got for $2 at the dollar store. i feel ripped off.
Horrible shipping!  This would have been a great product with it was shipped correctly. My Togepi was smashed inside a bag and the the postal carrier smashed it in to my mail box, when clearly it did not fit! My Togepi was completely beat up and miss shaped horribly. I tried to fix it to the original shape but the top of its head keeps poofing out. I end up giving it to my niece, lucky she's one and doesn't know the difference.
WRONG THING CHANGE TITLE  ok so this is a nala plush toy it seems to be official disney also BUT the sizeing is way off! its a small nala sitting not there back legs. it is about 6 inches tall and just small as can be. if u want a bigger one DONT BUY THIS also i would say this is not worth the money mabye like 5-10 bucks not over 20! will be returning  PS! looks like a mc donalds happy meal toy just a little better quality and a smudge bigger. all in all don't recommend link to what this product rlly looks like.... http://www.amazon.com/Disney-Lion-King-Young-Plush/dp/B005N06P9M
He was the very first of my plush toys to go to Lifeline  He's cute, but I hope he doesn't steal my soul. As I was trying to go to sleep last night, I felt two cold, clammy paws on me and I feel he may have been trying to do so. Recently I gave  lot of my soft fluffy toys to lifeline and he was the very first to go, and he probably wouldn't have been if he had been made of a softer material, even if he had felt like the "Beeodd" toy I ordered for my Aunt Ruth
Unsatisfied  Really small a real joke.
one star  It's cute, but I ordered it in February 26 it seed it would come April 8 it's April 15
Not six inches and my daughter was not happy with it.
pretty expensive for a keychain  Sadly, it is not what I had expected. The image depicts it as a self-contained stuffed toy, yet it  actually has one of those keychain-style danglers attached to it. Tiny and expensive. I would not have purchased it as a gift had I known it was a keychain.
Very very small..  Very very small.. & even i ordered one as a gift it didn't look at all as a gift & the paper stating my msg on it is rubbish
Very dissapointed...  No matter what hat we put on Elmo he always goes back to the same phrase of asking you to count with him by squeezing his nose.  I have checked the buttons to make sure he is not in Demo mode so I am guessing the one I got is a defect.  Very disappointed.  My son just throws it on the floor and finds something else to play with.
it looks like it would be thicker than it is  This fish is very small, it looks like it would be thicker than it is, about 6".  Not worth the price.
I should of read the fine print, for the price they should have included the 3.  Very disappointed.
No on or off button  Arrived giggling in the package when delivered. It was wrapped for xmas, but giggled every time it was jostled. By the time it was opened on xmas (3 weeks later), the battery had completely died. No way to turn the giggles on or off and no way to replace the battery
Dullsville  Well, I was excited when Elmo came in the mail before my daughter's birthday but when I went to "program" it, I realized it was NOT Mac compatible. So poor little Ella did not get Elmo for her 2nd birthday. Instead I had to find someone with a PC. I gave it to her a few days later, and she was not impressed. She loves Elmo but I think a 3-D version of him that says her name kind of freaks her out.
Tiny doll  This doll was smaller than I had expected. Unfortunately there were no dimensions listed on the product. It was probably 7 inches tall and very skinny. Disappointed.
universal 1 usb cable+10 power transfer interface compatible with iphone  junk they do not work. they are not worth  one cent.not worth the cost of sending back bob j tackett
Don't buy for young children.  Paint came off of the strawberries. Apples, pears, and bananas have sharp stems/ends and pear stems actually fell off.
Cute but generic looking  I purchased this item for my daughter so we can start the whole "Secret Elf" tradition. I must say, I'm a bit disappointed in this item.  It looks generic and a bit cheap.  I haven't given it to her yet, since that will happen after Thanksgiving, but it's not nearly as cute as the picture.  Plus it's much smaller than expected.  Overall I'm not impressed with this item, I would return it for a refund, but even then it's not worth the hassel. I guess I was expecting it to be a bit larger and more cuddly, This looks like something you would get out of one of those claw vending machines.
This item was much smaller in size than what I expected it to be.
Falls apart when taken out of package  This is cute but.....I took it out of the package and the feet fell off immediately and the material is not glued onto the hard plastic figure very well. EXTREMELY POORLY MADE PRODUCT. WHAT A RIP-OFF.
I am very disappointed.  The toy looks very cheap and you cannot see the eyes or nose for it has too much fake fur on the face. I am very disappointed.
Disappointed in the purchase  The doll I received is not the one I ordered. The doll in the picture has a long dress; the doll I received has a short dress and her spindly legs show. Disappointed in the purchase.
It stinks like moldy basement  It stinks like moldy basement, took to long to get, no reason for that length of time to send a stinky plush.it went to garbage
Not a Happy Shopper  Would only give half a star if I could...Item was clearly a knock-off! The picture and info was misleading and very over priced! Cheaply made did n't even have enough hair...Very unhappy with this purchase!!!
The fabric is not soft like theirs. However  This is not a real Pokemon Center plush.  The fabric is not soft like theirs.  However, it is a good alternative for the price.
Not Authentic  Doll has TWO ears.... Van Gogh had only one... No attempt to make this authentic. Anyone making cute products should know this
Disapointed, but my daughter will still like it.  I am not impressed with this at all. This doesn't seem at all like the quality that I've come to know from Ty. For one, the color is very off. This color of this toy looks nothing like the picture and is, in fact, very faded and washed out. It's not anything like what Blue really looks like in the series. Also, I expected the toy to be soft and plush. The darker colored spots on Blue are actually painted on and, therefore, very rough and stiff. And the filling in the ears is practically non-existent. The bottom of the ears had no filling in them at all so I had to smoosh around the paltry amount that was in the top of the ears. That said, I know my daughter will like it. But it feels/looks very cheap to me.
Love Doc but this one is poor quality  Within 2 days of gentle use the leg seam split which led to one very disappointed 2 year old
it is smaller than i thought, and it stands up,cannt sit down  i bought it for a birthday gift, but time is tight, i can't exchange it. it is smaller than i thought, and it stands up,cannt sit down
Its a nice sized plush toy but it doesn't talk like it  It doesn't talk.... Its a nice sized plush toy but it doesn't talk like it says
Broke within 1 hour  Broke within 1 hour (arm ripped off and the sound rarely works). Too cheap and not worth my time to return it.
So not good at all  Guess I'll give one star since I can't give negative stars. Wasn't the same as the picture.. was getting it for my nieces Birthday so now gotta go get another one for her. So not good at all
Too small
Not the product pictured  We received the half-eye angry Stitch, not this one.
Crummy toy  I was ordering this to give as a gift request for a mom who could not afford to buy her child presents. Toy battery did not work and I could not change batteries without destroying packaging. Put extra batteries in but was shoddy toy.
It was okay  Looks like the picture but it is not the best quality and it looks really fat and rushed but usable
Looked bad
s***  I received that toy.. but it so low quality... i understand that it is produced in china and has a low price... but it's a shame!
Cute but super small, not worth price.  Super small, returned it because for the price it was way too small. Smaller than a beanie baby
Stiches where not good on it. Had to stitch up myself again.
Very small, average quality.
Cute but definitely not worth 70.00  My daughter likes it, but it definitely seems cheaply made. Maybe not worth more than 25.00
Another not working purchase  If I could rate ZERO stars I would. My 15yo autistic son requested this for Christmas. He does not communicate well, so when he pointed to this one, I ordered without hesitation, thinking (hoping?)the price would be worth it. Sadly, it came, I tested it out, and while it plays music and lights up, it does not move (his favorite part). How disappointing. For him, and for me. Seems like it's a theme with this seller? Would not recommend it.
It's like fleece, but not a good quality stuffed toy  This is quite a small Elmo. It's also very soft but in a cheap way. It's like fleece, but not a good quality stuffed toy. I don't even like the red color...it's looks washed-out. The size is fine for a small child but I would not recommend it for older children. I am surprised that Amazon recommended it!!
These could have definitely be made better made, but the price was reasonable  These were cute after I fixed them, but quality was disapponnting.  I ordered these for my son's preschool Christmas program, and when they arrived, I found the antlers to be sewn on crooked, and rather floppy.  I was able to straighten them out with a few stitches, and I also reinforced it with a little wire to help the antlers stand up.  These could have definitely be made better made, but the price was reasonable.
Cute little cookie monster  My 2 yr. old grandson was so excited to get this toy. He played with it for a little while, but he kept trying to put the microphone next to the cookie monster's mouth, but I guess it had to be a certain way, because sometimes it would sing, but sometimes it wouldn't. So this toy was quickly thrown into the toy box and only pulled out once and a while. He still prefers his tickle me Elmo.
Item not as described  It would've been nice to actually get Gil. We received an Umi Zoomi toy instead. Its bag was labeled as Gil, but definitely not. It also took 3 weeks to arrive. First time I've been disappointed with a purchase here.
Disappointed  Was so excited to get this for my Godsons 2nd bday and the toy itself was in prefect shape, however, the button to push for the talking is not near the front; it's hard to find and push. Sadly more, he doesn't even say any of the signature/popular sayings from the movie
bad doll from china  bad doll from china, moustache was loose, out of the box, fabric is cheap and doll does not look like the one in the picture, it looked more like a cheap knock off.
it isn't like olaf looking.
OMG Delivery Sucks  The mailman did not call me and left my package outside my house for anyone to take it. Of course now it's lost and I visited three different post offices to retrieve it, only to find out that I have to contact to the supervisor. The supervisor contacted the carrier who said the packaging said "leave if no response", and therefore, he simply "left" it.
too small
misleading  The item description is misleading...while this is a cute frog I was expecting a plush, cuddley animal. This frog is plush and soft but on the bottom of it is a hard base that makes it sit up and also contains a music box...nowhere did I see this when researching it. Additionally, it states it is machine washable..however I do not see how it is machine washable when it contains a hard base that plays music! the one I got in the mail looked almost like the picture expect coming out of the head were two string type things that almost made it look like it had antennas  As well, around the back of it was a tail..this is what you pulled to make the music plah and it only played for about 5 seconds! I have never seen a frog with antennas or tails! Needless to say, I returned the item to get something more along the lines of what I was originally seeking.
Mine doesn't light up
ONE BUNNY NOT FOUR  I ordered these for Easter for my children, thinking I was getting four and got one. Peeved!!
Ugly toy!  Very small toy for the price. The fur was falling off when it arrived. shoe strings for the whiskers. I've never left a bad review, but this one is a waste of money.
Horrible  My wife and I tried two different computers and could not get either one to reconize that the elmo was connected.  At least we found out before Christmas morning. I just went to the Fisher-Price help on-line and will be getting a postage paid return and will get a $40 voucher back.  Now I  just have to go find a replacement gift.
Cute Toy, Poor Construction  My boys love Mario, and have at least 20 different plush toys.  This is one of the worst constructed of them all.  After one day of play, the seam split in the crotch and stuffing was falling out.  It is hard to tell which toys are officially licensed, and this one is not.  The Chinese knock offs (like this one) fall apart quickly.  Two stars because it was the right toy, and my kids like it, but it definitely won't last.
I know most little kids like chew on small objects such as this  It's ok, but wish the description said something about the feet having small round needs in them, got for my nephew for Xmas but decided it would be a hazard considering how small it is, I know most little kids like chew on small objects such as this. Also it's more like 4+ in age , this was for a 2yr old now it's being stored until I feel it's not a hazard
Very small
Broken Eye in bag. Had to return.  The toy was cute but not really a play with toy as the eye on the one I got was already broken and just setting in the bottom of the bag.
What I received was, without a doubt, a bootleg plush. Crooked details included.
More like derp-a-zard  This was a gift. Arrived a month late and was extremely dopey looking. The wings and neck were bent from being balled up in a bag. Doesn't really look like the picture.
It was badly made  Well the problem with it was simple, they messed it up. The eye wasn't glued on to the correct side and there were strings coming out of it. Return shipping flipping costs more than what this object is worth so I didn't even bother returning it, but I am thoroughly disappointed.
This thing lasted about a week of play with my 3 year old before it got a large hole in the tail. I sewed it up but I would say not worth the $$
NOT 7 INCH TOY  Was only 5 inches.
Don't buy this!  I ordered this for my daughter I was VERY disappointed with this. The picture shows wings but I got it with NO wings. My daughter disappoint by this!!
Defective mistakes and a company that does not take care of there customers  Great size but nothing else good about it I wanted something Bigger other than the small short pieces I would of paid more for good quality and workmanship That is not what you will get in this piece The neck arrived Broke and his Front wings are facing different directions One is Up and the other faces Down I didn't notice it  but of course My Son noticed it Right away Thank you for EMBARRASSING ME We are Still waiting on the company to respond
HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED  Very hard to make him "talk" you have to squeeze it really hard for it to work. It's more like noise then talking and none of what he says is "key phrases" from the movie. Doesn't even say the phrase they have on the box. My boys love the movie and I wish I would of just got it from a store instead of online
The Pikachu I received is nothing like the picture  The Pikachu I received is nothing like the picture. It has a cord with a suction cup to hang from a window at the top of its head. The tail and arms are sown to the main body. No mouth, just a black line. My son loves it. He is too young to realize it was not what was ordered. Afraid to reorder a different one and get something else. Will purchase other Pokemon items from the physical store that way I will be sure as to what I get .
This plush is decently priced but I was disappointed with the quality  Not as good as the photo! >:(  This plush is decently priced but I was disappointed with the quality. The stiching isn't as tight as the one in the photo. Mine has a tiny hole near the mouth. And it doesn't look as crisp as the one in the photo. If you are okay with not getting a plush that isn't as perfect as advertised then that's great!
Sesame Street Elmo Lullaby Good Night doll  I don't recommend this. It only has 3 extremely short recordings. And the actuating "button" within the mid-section of the body is poorly designed.  To make a long story short, because Elmo does practically nothing, you child will almost immediately grasp that and forever ignore it.  For your money, there are so many other better options for entertaining (and educating) your child.
Ripped in a month. Doesn't stand on its own.
Not as advertised.  This clearly said TWENTY lapel pins and a mini PLUSH when I ordered it. That is NOT what arrived to me. Even the package inside said I was supposed to get what I ordered and I did not.  I got 16 pins and a mystery stack pack.  Not happy at all.  Not as advertised.
False advertising!!!  This product came in a plastic bag and it was obvious it was a "used" item.  The animal is suppose to talk when you press its paw, it does "NOTHING".  I purchased this for my granddaughter out of state and my daughter threw away the packing slip and gave them to my granddaughter to play with.  Will never, ever purchase from this vendor again!  Amazon should stop using vendors who send out "used" products and sell them as new!  False advertising is Illegal!!!
This is a Bootleg Plushie.  I would be wary of BOOTLEG Mario dolls!! If you see used from China and not the USA beweare. I know there are bootlegs circulating the USA as well, however it is always a CHANCE you take when buying on line. I've gotten a few Bootlegs by accident. HOw to handle it: Carefully assess that the doll is fake. Fake would include: Poor sewing The doll falling apart within a day Stuffing falling out looking over stuffed. Something "Strange" about it. Misshapped face, head, arm,  Check the Tags and check on line for sources Sometimes if you run the barcode through a search engine it will come up as Fake. That's what happens with MIYA Records, a big known Animation/Movie/Game music distributer.  IF its a bootleg, report to Amazon and ask for money back  Don't support Bootlegs by buying cheap.  Bootlegs hurt everyone:  The creator/company gets no money from a bootleg sold. Sometimes thos companies go out of business from people buying junk from bootleggers Bootleggers are theives.  Bootleggers use SHODDY products. There is no quality control Why is that a problem? Because the items used to make the toy could have harmful chemicals in them that hurt your child or pet. Think about Kids and Pets who put things in their mouths. How easy it could be for them to be poisoned by a shoddy product.  THis is an excellent educational product in explaining to your children about thieves and stealing other people's ideas and passing them off as your own.
The quality of these are those you would get at a carnival free as a 'small prize' for playing
well 13" isn't too bad..  For the price, this plush is a LOT smaller than I thought it would be.  I have already have a 16" Sonic plush and he's big enough to hug; so I figured "Oh, well 13" isn't too bad..."  My older plush dwarfs this one by more than 1/2.  I hope the Shadow plush is bigger when he gets here.  >_<
I bought one a few months ago and it was good quality. My son loves Zuma so I bought a second one for his naps at daycare. The second one was smaller, different design and the head was significantly bigger. It works for nap time, but I don't know how it can be so different when I repeated the same purchase.
Made of poor quality material and the stitching popped.
I thought it roared like Chewbacca  And it came with a sign that said to shake it to make it's fur fuzz out. It's just an inanimate plush doll. Cute but disappointing,
The battery life of this product is very short.  This was a gift for my niece, she was happy with the stretchkin but did not have the opportunity to sing a long with the toy because it stopped working after 3 hours.
Looks old!
No box,and tags not attached,really?  I wish I would have seen the review before I ordered. Because mine to,came just in a plastic bag. I mean really? This was purchased as a Christmas Gift for a avid collector of Star Wars merchandise. I expected to receive the item as it was shown in the picture above. Unless I overlooked that the item would not be in its original box there is no reason why I should have received it as it is. And to put the icing on the cake, the tags aren't even attached. There is not much I can do now being that Christmas is only a week a way. But I will not be purchasing the other Star Wars pieces from this buyer.
Not played with, gave away  My son got this as a gift from a family member at Christmas when he was 6 months old and we kept it until he was about a year and a half old. He never went to it by himself. I had to be the one to put him in it and TRY to make him play with it. He only liked it when I would roll the balls out and he would chase them. But we can play that "game" with any type of ball. We finally gave it away. It took up too much space for very very rarely being played with. On the plus side, it was soft, had different textured patches (although it never drew my son's attention), and was colorful. I liked that it zipped up to contain the balls, but one of the "patches" was actually a square hole and the balls would slip out anyway. I also think they could have put more balls and ones that were more durable. So overall, it looks cute, but if it's not played with then it's a dud.
Not As Pictured At All!!!  This owl is grey and brown and striped. It is NOT a snowy owl. If you are looking for a snowy owl, buy a DIFFERENT item. I have now ordered 3 different snowy owl toys from Amazon and not one, single one was as described. The toy you get is cute but not at all as pictured here and shed quite a bit. Buyer Beware!!!
DO NOT BUY - FAKES!  This collection of Pokemon are clearly fakes, counterfeit, cheap knock-offs. DO NOT BUY!!!  I knew the second I open the shipping package that these were fakes. See attacked pictures. The original Tomy product is on the left, while the cheap knock-off is on the right of each image. Notice the colors aren't really a match, the fur isn't the same "softness", the stitching (most clearly on the back of the head) is not nearly the same quality. The overall shape of the fake is not nearly as round or smooth as the original. The tags aren't even a good match, as the fake's tag feels like it was cut out by my five year old. Look at the ribbon, the original has extra stitching, to keep it from fraying, the counterfeits do not. The ears don't stand up, the bow isn't stuffed... Over all the knock-offs are clearly that - fakes. What doesn't really convey in the pictures is the cheapness and low quality of the knockoffs. They are so clearly counterfeits, you just feel it the very instant you pick up the product.  What's most upsetting is that product listing so clearly states that these are the real deal, and warns against ripoffs, that these so clearly are.
thanks product was intactorclean face was broken
A complete bust  Completely disappointed way smaller than expected and doesn't work it makes absolutely no noises at all complete waste of money
Do not recommend, do not buy  This Latias was not what I was expecting at all.  The plush is not white, it is gray.  Latias is not gray.  Do not recommend, do not buy.
Wrong product description  Very disappointed with this purchase. They were to be 8 but wha was delivered is much smaller. These were bought and sent to another country so imagine what he surprise when these were delivered. They are 4.5  I bought a set before from a retail store and they were a hit but these small things did not meet my expectation. They are too small
Fogs up very easily and the nose piece is a bit restrictive.
Does not work  The item does not work. Tried turning it on and off. Might need new batteries but don't have 3 1.5V batteries on hand. Also the items appears to have been repackaged. Returning.
Cute but tiny.  I knew these were small as i did read the description, but I didn't know they were so tiny! I thought for $50 I was getting some nice stuffed toys... but they are so tiny they turned out to be stocking stuffers.
Not best quality  These are from Oriental Trading.  I like that company in general so I took the risk but I was a bit disappointed in the quality.  Definitely more of a cheap decoration than a stuffed animal.
Terrible item  Looks terrible. I Have ordered a few other eevee recantly and had this issue. This is a terrible knock off and I want my actual item. Thanks for wasting my money...
Cute but doesnt work- no singing or dancing  Toy looks adorable, however it doesnt sing or move. I changed the batteries hoping it would work but still nothing. I emailed the seller now Im just waiting for their respond. Well see.
Cute, but....  I recived my Zero plush today. It arrived in a sandwich bag and has a small yellow spot on the face. I am confused because I thought this was a new item, it seems more like it came out of someone's basement.
The tails fell off of some, eyes crooked and weren't the same brand as pictured.
Fell apart after 2 days  I recently bought three of these toys for my sons.  THey were really excited to recieve them, then the left hand fell off of two the toys.  I tried contacting the company via e-mail on their website utilizing their feedback section, but they never responded.  I don't usually write reviews, but it was very upsetting to get toys where the glue holdling the plastice hands and feet into the doll is visible, gummy, black, and peeling.  I was not at all impressed with the quality.  I was able to do a repair using Tacky Glue.  That seemed to work better than what the manufacturers used.
Smaller than expected.
Disappointed  Not as expected for price.... Much Too small! Only gave 2 stars because I should have read reviews before purchasing.
Terrible toy. Not worth it.  Terrible I wish I could give this zero stars. It skips when you use it and for how much you pay it's 100% not worth it. Cookie needed an upgrade. Terrible toy returned it immediately and got something else for my twins.
Get prepared to be let down.  Very cheap quality.  The closer you look at it, the more you find wrong with it.
Looks nothing like the picture suggested!  It looks nothing like the pictures they showed. Quality is very cheap. Pretty disappointed on the product. But glad I only spent 8 bucks for it.
Damaged Goods  This was a slow delivery. One of the ears was torn on the seem. However, after I repaired it my Grandson loved it. Took it to school the next day.
Not good and it takes for every to get
FISHERPRICE/MATTEL BOGUS TOY  My brother bought this for our daughter for Xmas this year, we were so excited to have it for her and when we recieved it, I spent over 2 freaking hours trying to get it to work. It kept saying download failed and connection incomplete and then when I thought it started to work, Elmo would say 'Hi Phoebe' and then static and then he wouldn't say anything at all. I exchanged it for another one and the next doll did the same thing, the usb cords are not built very well and I got the same error messages on my computer saying download failed and connection incomplete and blah blah. I spent another 2 hours tonight with this toy and although Elmo himself is very cute, this toy sucks. Fisherprice has lost me as a customer. I am disapointed and my daughter will be too as she loved the Elmo.  Too much static and too much hype. This toy is not worth the money.
Dissappointed  Ordered the plush Kermit and it was a puppet and very good quality.  Expected the Animal to be a puppet also, but it was just a stuffed figure of marginal quality.  Guess I should have asked more questions as the description was too vague.  Returning item.
Does Not Speak  I have returned this item as it did not talk.  It only said Maaaaaa.
Very small
Doesn't last very long.  This was originally given to my son as a gift for when he was born to use when he got older.  That first bear was great up for about 6 months.  Once 6 months rolled around, the nighttime sounds (his right foot) stopped working.  I could hear it click, but no sound.  His other buttons would work just fine.  Several weeks later, his left foot stopped working, and then his left ear (the stop or off button) stopped working too.  At that point, I found that this bear became useless.  My son loved to fall asleep with Cody playing sweet, soft, lullabies.  Okay, fine, I must have gotten a defective bear.  I decided to purchase a second Cody from Amazon, hence why I'm reviewing.  This bear did the EAXCT SAME THING.  Within several months probably about 3 or 4, the nighttime lullaby foot stopped working, AGAIN.  It's only a matter of time before the other buttons don't work.  It lasted long enough to go past the return date.  So I'm stuck with 2 non-working bears that only tell me when Father's Day is coming up, and that Cody Loves Him.  I will contact the manufacturer to see if I can get a replacement bear from them.  Not thinking I will, but hey, what's the worst that can happen.  They need to be aware of the product they are putting out there.  It's sad when a product made for an infant won't last past their infancy.  P.S. My oldest son has singing animal from HeapDog and it has lasted 5 years.
Damaged.  There was a 1" hole in the seem.
Elmo stops working  My daughter got this for Christmas and his batteries ALREADY died... 2weeks later and there is no way to change the batteries... This has become a very expensive stuffed animal.  :(
would not buy again  This is not a Disney brand plush. It DOES have the Disney tag on it, but this is a cheap knock off. I have other Disney plush toys and this is not the same quality. This is the type plush toybyou wpuld get from a carnival. Cheap material. It also arrived a week late.
Small  Smaller than I thought it would be too.  Not worth the money I paid. If I bought in a store, I would probably pay $2.00 or less.
too small for the price.
Not the same as advertised by looks.
It looks cute, but the material is cheap. It only lasts about one month then fell off
Cute but tiny  This lil Ludo is adorable. But oh so small. Definitely not 9" as was advertised. I still love him but would not have paid more than $10 if I had known how small he really was.
I can't belive I paid almost 14 bucks for a smushed 3inch tall ladybug...
Yellow unlicensed peas. Not Disney. Not licensed  It's a knockoff. The stitching is cheap. The peas are not green. These are not the Disney peas. Do not purchase.
Too small and unfilled.  Would not recommend it seems very small and with little padding. It's a waste of money. Almost no filler used in the toys.
We didn't receive peppa and George, but got mummy pig and daddy pig instead.  They are very cute and my boys love them, but I would've liked to receive what I thought I was buying.  The sellers response was that they didn't have peppa or George and gave me a partial refund of $3.  Their response wasn't very professional as well, calling me "dear." The actual pigs are very cute well made of material, I just wish I would've actually got what I thought I was buying.
The talking plush doll does not talk
Buy Olaf elsewhere!!!!  I have no idea why he costs so much here!  He is NOT rare!  $17.99 at Target.  He's also at Toys R Us and Wal-Mart. So certainly do not buy it for  this price.  Ridiculous.  Boo to the sellers charging more.  He's a perfect huggable toy.  My two year loves him and it's nice for a little one that you don't have to press the belly for him to talk.  Just give him a knock or pull in his nose and he'll still ask for warm hugs!
Piece of junk!  My 2 year old grandson was so excited to get Elmo.but Elmo only worked for a short while.  At first he did fine.hugged and said let's play, etc.  Then, on his next visit, which was a few weeks later.we had a hard time getting Elmo to work.  He would come on briefly, then quit.  We moved the off -on- sleep button to no avail.  Now Elmo does nothing,  These are new batteries.  I wish I had spent the additional money to get a real Elmo in the box from Walgreen's!  This one came in just a plastic bag with no box.  It is the worst thing I have ever purchased from Amazon.
Not That Great  My children are 1.5 and 2.5. We were able to try this toy for free thanks to Playskool and Bzz Agent. Elmo was fairly easy to remove from the packaging. But when it came time to play with him, my kids were both a little frustrated. They found it very difficult to change the hats, so I had to help out. Also, the loudness of his voice makes it hard to really understand what he is saying. For instance, "bounce" sounds like "dance". While I always love to play with my children and their toys together,I didn't enjoy them being so frustrated at times that they didn't want to play anymore. Also, I would never pay $40 for a toy like this. It is not worth the frustration to me.
meh...  I don't personally like this item. I thought it was 2 tigers, my mistake for hastily buying this for my 6 year old who picked it out. The head is super stiff, it's smaller than expected.
Has thing on the head that needs to be cut off and when you do there is a tiny hole. :(
Ran very small
Dimensions not accurate.  Product Dimensions are listed as 10 x 12 x 6 inches. The actual dimensions are about 6" tall x 6" long x 3" wide. The accurate information is not listed.
Not what I expected.
Rip off
Not Recommended Due To Quality.  Made from an inferior material; there are irregularities in appearance and stitching.  The actual "Minecraft" tag is missing; in fact the product lacks tags of any kind.  This raises the question if the item is genuine or a crude knock off.
I ordered 2 Barney Dolls and only received 1... where's the 2nd doll?  I ordered 2 Barney Dolls and only received 1... where's the 2nd doll?
The fabric that he's made of picks up things easily and they stick  Since we already own one Deluxe Ender Dragon, we knew immediately that this was not it. We even measured the one we had and looked over the photos carefully before ordering. While it did arrive faster than anticipated, the one they sent us has much shorter wings, it's made of completely different fabric and it's made much more cheaply. For example, the top part of the wing that's gray is not only shorter but it's not sewn together at the very end, it's open. The eyes are different too. This one also feels harder than the real one, much stiffer. My 6 yr old was so upset. If the photo had matched what we received, I would not be returning it. If we'd known we were buying a different version, we could've made a more informed choice. Also, we were surprised that the dragon was not in any type of plastic either. The fabric that he's made of picks up things easily and they stick. If you're buying this dragon and your child doesn't know it's not the real one, you're saving money and it's probably fine but if you're expecting the high quality, real dragon that you would see at a toy store, this is not it.
Very disappointed.  I ordered Mario and Lugi the same size and Mario was much smaller. Very disappointed.
ZIPPER BROKE Day 1 -- Would Not Recommend  The zipper broke moments after opening it. NOT great.
Sewn together very poorly. Started to fall apart shortly after my daughter received it.
Think chibi version!  Very round. Nor linear like in the picture. arms and legs not nearly as long!
Light malfunction  The light in tigee burned out in a week:-(
Disappointed  Not made of quality materials.  The fur sheds and the overall stuffing is not very thick.  Highly disappointed in the price I paid versus the quality I received.
My first thought was that it seems like a fake Gund/Sesame toy you'd buy out of someone's trunk. It's just odd looking and feels cheap.
All three plush items are exactly the same instead of three different characters as stated in the description.
... a review NOT because it deserves a star NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE DONT BUY IT  I have to give it a star in order to write a review NOT because it deserves a star NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE DONT BUY IT....
fake  THIS POKEMON IS A FAKE AND IT COMES WITH NO TAG!!!! I BOUGHT THE SAME ONE ON EBAY AND IT IS VERY SAD THAT AMAZON IS GETTING RIPPED OFF THISS EASILY
Pathetically thin not worth the trouble  As thin as a hotdog no joke. Sad to describe scrawny toy as plush
Mini Pillsbury Doughboy  My daughter absolutely hated him and she LOVES Pills!  She said it was dirty and I have no idea where it went.
Used.  I bought it NEW and it came clearly used. This was for my twin daughters' birthday party and I'm upset with the condition of it. The photos don't even show how filthy it is.
Very bad quality. Only lasted 2 week
Size Matters  The decription stated the Pig was large.  It was pretty small.
Not too pleased. Sometimes works sometimes doesn't for a while  Not too pleased. Sometimes works sometimes doesn't for a while.  Otherwise it's a good way to teach your little one the abc
This fell apart after 2 days!  Very poorly made.  My son went to pull the Olaf apart (as that is how the doll is constructed) and his head snapped off.  A few days later the same think happened to his nose.  What a disappointment.  NOT worth the money!
great reviews  cute toy. bought it because of the great reviews but my 20 month old is totally disinterested by it.
Super cute but the seam in the back was loose & it's stuffing is coming out after just a couple days  We purchased Freddy the bear & he was perfect but when we opened Foxy its seam in the back was loose & stuffing was coming out :-/ was trying to just find a link to contact the seller for a replacement because my son loves them but the only option was to return it but I just really need a replacement & their isn't an option to just contact this seller for a replacement. If I can get a new one shipped for replacement I would give this product 5 stars!
I was expecting a "plush" doll, not a nylon covered doll.  Very disappointed!  Can't send it back as it's a birthday gift for my grandchild....just hope it goes over okay.  She asked for Raphael PLUSH doll....  :-/
disappointed!!!!!  One of the worst products I have received.  Dog looked used.  It had new tags but everything about it was disappointing including the box used to ship it in (an old suave box).  Could not even give it for the gift as I would have been embarrassed!
Broken  When opening the product it seemed to be in good condition until my daughter grabbed a hand and foot, without pulling they fell off instantly. I'd say overall I'm very displeased
Counterfeit product  The item is advertised as an authentic item, but is clearly counterfeit. I am familiar with FNAF merchandise tags, the tag on my plusshy was printed in low quality stock/card paper. Not to mention the uneven limb size and bad sewing. How can you sale a bad quality counterfeit item for  29.99. For that price I was expecting a collectible item, not some cheaply made plusshy.
im disappointed that i want to send it back  Shippped very late!! im disappointed that i want to send it back. but it is a cute little gift for a kid.
Does not work!  Not sure what the problem is, but this sulley does not work at all.  Removed "Remove before use" tab, tried new batteries...nothing.  Will be returning.
Poor stitching quality  Unfortunately this Elmo isn't made well and the seams began to come apart within days of my daughter opening her present.  Id stay away from this one - its  not going to last.  Also, the eyes are made of hard plastic and my daughter has already gotten one fat lip as a result of normal play.  She loves the doll, but we just fear its going to be a very short lived toy due to poor construction.
Rip off  This is not an officially lisenced plush. It's a Chinese rip off of Freddy. I am not sure where all of the positive reviews came from.
My son loves it... but his nose literally ripped off after about a week.
Arrived DIRTY with no original packaging!  Product arrived in half-ripped open crumpled plastic, no original packaging and DIRTY! Looks like it was well-used and returned. Sent it back.
Lousy Service  I ordered a white elephant and they sent me the wrong color.  Since this was a special gift, I missed the ocassion and could not find a replacement.  Do not order from these guys.  They did nothing to fix the problem.
Sadly,....it's a scam  My kids have been bugging me about this product for the last few weeks. I finally remembered to purchase it and I was really disappointed. Their site first tells you to up the quantities of the plushies that you want. Once done, you then have to put in your credit card info...then you "think" you are done. Next is a series of screens to try and get you to purchase additional tummy stuffy toys, for the same size, the 8 inch version, then the 36 inch version. All of which are confusing because they make you think it's part of the original 8 inch free one that you are supposed to get. Lastly, they hit you with the "reality" that the toy will take 4 - 6 weeks for delivery! Really...that long? Where is it coming from Mars? Needless to say, they ask you for another $8.99 to "expedite" the delivery. I actually wanted to write to them letting them know that they lost my purchase that I would have made 6 screens earlier. Not a great way to sell your product. Anyway, my kids have been told this product is no longer available and I'm happy I've saved my money! Word to the wise, don't buy this product at all.
Freddy imposter  We received a bear different from the picture on website. Quality is fine, but doesn't look like Freddy fazbear.
Is like sh*** is no't dising like the picture
It was a lot smaller than it was advertised as .
Not worth the money  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter...I was really disappointed in the quality.  It isn't really fuzzy at all, and its very small and the furry part on the neck and tail is poor quality and raggety looking.  I contemplated returning it, but decided to give it to her anyway.  For the price I paid, I expected alot better quality.
Not sure if I got what I was supposed to  Smaller than I expected, not as cute as picture, and has an elastic loop coming out of its head with a suction cup on the loop.  I snipped the loop off and handed it to my granddaughter.  Pikachu's paws are sewn down to the body.  She is good with it but it seems like a five dollar plush.
Torn apart  I cannot believe what I paid for this, it came TORN in the butt area of the giraffe. VERY disappointed, I had to sew a $40 stuffed animal upon arrival. My daughter has multiple $5 stuffed animals from Kohls, that get WASHED and have yet to fall apart. Sad about the money loss on this giraffe. <---my initial review... Now the animal is trashed because it kept ripping. HIGHLY disappointing!!!!!!!!!
Could barely even see any light.
Barney doesn't sing!  Back he goes!
Nothing special really wish I didn't order it
Dragpn Toys Talking Ben Plush  Really thought it would have more noise sounds that would be interesting to a child of 2 or 3. My granddaughter was not interested in the least. Threw it on the floor and didn't even want to take it home
Bad Quality  Was very excited when I got these. Very comfortable but only two days of use and they are already ripping and falling apart.
Oh no  Does not look like the picture!! Very disappointed. It is 7 inches from the bottom to the top of the hat. Not the size advertised
this thing is a happy meal sized toy literally the size of my hand
Very tiny! Cute but I thought it would have been bigger. Not worth the money.
Not like the old days  Nothing like the old school dressy bessys and dapper dans. Zipper doesnt full unzip and clothes and shoes cant be removed for children to practice.
My espeon looks so derpy. Its eyes are spaced too far apart and the nose is well above the line where it should be.
Careful!  I ordered this and received a princess peach.  Not a well made one like the one we already own but a cheaply made odd looking princess Peach.  I figured they just made a mistake when packing my box and grabbed the wrong thing so I ordered it again.  To my surprise the second one I received was what my son says is one of the Koopa kids.  Not only that it has s black smudge on its face.  I am irritated because my son specifically asked for Boo for his birthday.
Very annoyed!  If you think you are getting his Goofy YOU ARE NOT!!! I SPECIFICALLY ordered this goofy because of the BLACK vest and rounded teeth. I received a goofy with a RED VEST and square teeth. To a 2 year old who lost her side kick Goofy.....it makes a difference!!! Very annoyed!
Ugly and disappointing.  This is the ugliest, most disappointing thing I have EVER purchased on Amazon. This was for my 3yo's birthday, a main gift as all she wanted was a Poppy doll. The plush is about 12-inches tall, NOT larger than life, NOT the huge doll in review pictures, and UGLY to add insult to injury. My 6yo thanked me for not buyers by her this ugly doll.
smaller then wanted  smaller then I expected
Flimsy product  Badly made. Seams came apart after the second time the children played with them.  Amazon should stop trading this product, it reflects badly on its reputation.
very dissatisfied  Very tiny doll ~~ Completely disappointed.  If she was just a few inches bigger, would be worth the money -- only gave i to my granddaughter cause I told her I ordered a "Dora the Explorer" doll for her.
too small didn't fit
disappointed  his bib with teeth is just a thing piece of felt material. hes way smaller then Mario and luigi... yes I know he is bowser jr but hes small.
Looks nothing like the picture  Looks nothing like the picture. I am beyond disappointed, I can't give this as a gift as I wanted to.
The quality is not really good. Wouldn't buy this again  The delivery took nore days than the expected. The quality is not really good. Wouldn't buy this again.
Not Your Childhood GloWorm  The music and the light features are both VERY short. It is about 8 seconds of glowing with maybe 15-30 seconds of music. This makes it a great toy to play with in the dark, but not a great companion for children who are scared of the dark. I assume it is a nostalgic buy for children of the 1980s who now have children of their own, but it is not the toy I had and loved, just a remake that falls short.
CHEAP
Poorly made  One of the wings is sewn on upside down, like they used two lefties instead of separate wings. It is badly lopsided
OVER PRICED  OK i didn't buy this product but this is a message for the seller please lower the price thats rediculous i would buy this if at least it was $20 or less i mean that price is way too high i get it's new but no thats not right people get it for like $12 at the real pokemon center make it the right price please
It's Okay  Several reviews said this was a very popular toy because of the tags. My neice did not take to it and I feel like it was a waste of $17
$800.00  Why?
Jesus doll is not a good representation.  I ordered this doll for my Sunday School class hoping to be able to use it for acting out Bible stories.  The first thing I saw when I opened the package...he has RED hair and light skin!!!  Now I may not be a Biblical scholar, but come on...Jesus was a middle eastern Jew who spent lots of time outside in the sun.  He had to have had darker skin and black or very dark brown hair.  Rather than return it, I used a magic marker and tried streaking his hair to darken it somewhat.  He also has very weird feet with a strange seperated toe to hold onto his sandals (I guess).  The kids do enjoy acting out Bible stories with him, so I rated it somewhat better than I felt he should be rated.
DO NOT PURCHASE  The hair came off as soon as the infant grandsons played with it. Horrible toy for small children. Went in the trash immediately.
Doesn't work with the new kindle fire HD  Average if you don't have it working with the new Kindle fire HD.  It just keeps doing the same things.  My son finally took the batteries out.  I wish they wouldn't have said it works with the kindle fire.  I assumed it was all versions of the Kindle.  I should've looked closer.
A big disappointment...  Alright...so I was trying to find out which company sold the best Koopa Kids, and so I bought Morton from Little Buddy and Iggy from Sanei. Though I did receive Morton early, he was a HUGE disappointment. His his teeth were uneven, eyebrows sewn in the wrong spots, shell spikes messed up, tag crumpled, uneven legs, a weird green spot in his armpit, bent wand, and was definitely NOT official. When I received Iggy from Sanei, he was perfect. He was just like the picture.  So from now on I'm buying my Mario plushies on Amazon from Sandi because it's cheaper, and official.
Looked like a carnival  Did not receive what was pictured.  Looked like a carnival knockoff
Cute item but disappointing  My granddaughter wanted these dolls.  We looked at the measurements and the pictures and we decided to buy them with her very hard earned money.  Money she had earned helping her invalid grandmother (me) with housework over a 2 month period. They arrived a month earlier than the website told us (they come directly from China) so that was good.  She was very excited.  When we opened them, I was shocked to see that most of the height is the head of the doll, which you can see in the picture, but it still shocked me.  The material is very cheap - the clothes and hair and eyes are made of felt.  They are not soft and cuddly but more stiff like they are packed with hard foam beads. She can't really play with them because the felt will come unglued or they might otherwise tear.  They are very cute but they were far too expensive for the quality.  They immediately reminded me of the little prizes you win at carnival booths.  Personally, I would not buy anything from this company again.
Poor seam in the back  Cute plush but after just 1 week the seam in the back opened and the stuffing started coming out. It's been sewed now and Pikachu seems ok now. My 3 year old likes it and sleeps with it.
Not soft of shiney  Smaller than I planned and the fur was poor quality
Very cheaply made - also I wish it would have stated what the phrases are as they are very strange and abstract.  Not ones I recall readily from the movie.
The seam was ripped when we opened the box. I sewed it up and my son still loves it regardless. But that was disappointing.
What even..  So I got this as a gift. the package itself is dry but everything else inside was wet. the plush looks horrible too.
Wrong picture   Disappointed because the picture shows Mangle but received foxy.
Chintzy  Way to small. Price way to high.
Sent Wrong Doll  The "Morton" Koopa doll was sent instead of this one.  Only reason I didn't send it back is because my son didn't have Morton and wanted to keep it.
I was disappointed. They look and feel like real tools  I was looking for real tools for small hands to get for my kids for Christmas this past year.  (Yes, I'm reviewing this late.)  I was encouraged by the fact that these tools are wooden and steel or cast iron, but when I got them, I was disappointed.  They look and feel like real tools, but this is a toy set.  The saw especially has rounded off teeth and was warped to one side.  If you're looking for something for the kids to just play at woodworking with, it's probably ok, but don't get this if you expect to use them for anything beyond make-believe.
Elmo "Reject"  I've ordered several Plush Elmo's over past few years, made by Sesame St and Gund.  Gund's body material is more shaggy while Sesame St. is more velveteen-like material.  Unfortunately, I really feel this particular Elmo should have been left in the reject pile and donated to charity, not sold to consumer.  The left leg is totally twisted.  It was a Christmas gift for a 13 mo old who adores Elmo, but also puts it in her mouth.  I have noticed pieces of red material on the rug.  This never happened with my other Elmo purchases.  I was disappointed that they sent an inferior product.
Sesame Street Elmo take along  Looks bigger on the pictures, but actually is too small
Description is NOT accurate  Nice stuffed animal however the description of this Turtle shows it is 18" long.  In reality it is 13 1/2" long.
The button for the horn sound broke two days after I got it. Not happy
Go for a fuzzier version  I don't love the material used to make this- it's more of a fleece than a fur.  My son loves to bring his toys with him on the go, and as such, they tend to get dirty and require frequent washings.  The material pills after one wash, and if my son takes it to the park, wood chips become embedded in the "fur" and it is impossible to remove the smallest ones.
Dont waste your $  Super disappointed. Did not realize that my drinking glass is bigger than this item.so whatever i paid plus shipping, i shouldve just thrown my money out of my window while driving
Too young of a toy for my 4 year old son.  We received Elmo to try out from bzzagent and my son does not care for it at all. He is four and I think it is a little young for him. He played with it for about a minute and got bored with it. The body is too hard and there is no volume control to turn Elmo down
Didn't work  Lights never worked, very disappointed. Will be returning asap.
I liked it but found very little.
Beware!  This is miniature!!  Not worth the price.  I should have made sure of the size, but I did not think it was this tiny.  Probably about 3 inches.  Cute, but way too pricey.
SO DISAPPOINTED!!  I was waiting for this package for my 3yr old daughter and when it finally came it looked small so I opened it up and my daughter pushed his tummy for him to sing " I love you" and it only sang once and never worked again I was so mad I paid so much and it don't even work. Not worth buying this it don't work
not 7 inches.  kind of disappointing vday present.  Was not 7 inches.
I think it is too much money for the size that it is. It is really cute through
Not impressed with this toy. It's very hard to squeeze it hard enough to get it to make any noises and when you finally succeed in getting it to talk the volume is so low you can't understand what is being said. I won't send it back because it would break my granddaughters heart.
No Words of Wisdom from Yoda  Piece of crap. Save your money. Arrived broken.
This doll doesn't look much like the starchild!  He's too fat to be a doll of Paul!  Plus, his hair is styled wrong!
Didn't work.  Received this today for my nephews first birthday this weekend. It doesn't work. Says it will giggle with motion. No sound at all.
Not worth the money  I wanted this toy for my 2 year son after hearing that this is THE 'Toy of 2005'. I had hard time finding this toy as most of the places it was sold out. SO when I finally got it, I was very excited but that was short lived till I used it and programmed it. Elmo's voice is not clear and it doesn't do over 100 things which is advertised.  Been a systems guy myself I think Elmo could have been much better. In the end, its not worth $40!!
Wrong description it's 9" and not 13" tall.  This item is only 8"~9" (inches) tall.  You can try stretching it and it might get you 10" (inches).  If you are shopping for 13" Ewok plush, then this is not it.
Goodwill repair item  I was very disappointed in the product.  It was damaged and was very poorly repaired. My grandson wouldn't let go of it so I kept it for him and repaired it properly myself. Not at all the item that was represented as far as quality.
SMALL!!  I was very disappointed the picture looks like it is bigger than it is.  My daughter got this and said "Really mom? You might want to get your money back it was definitely not worth what you paid for it."
I was very disappointed how small it was  I was very disappointed how small it was! I guess I didn't realize I would be paying so much a teeny tiny plush animal..
But my brother also loves this show so im sure he'll love it  A lot smaller than i thought. But my brother also loves this show so im sure he'll love it anyway
Neck is not stiff enough it falls over ..
Junk  Came with holes in it.  Wings fell off the first week.  I feel like all I do is sew this thing back together for my son.
Do not sing as posted,
Poor price  The product was very small for the price! I found the same item at toysrus for $12.99 and I paid $29.99. I would of sent it back but I needed it as a present before Xmas!!
Worked great first few days but then barely responds to remote even with brand new batteries. U get what u pay for.
Grandson says it didn't look much like the cat in the hat  Grandson says it didn't look much like the cat in the hat! His whiskers were weird shaped and his fur covers his eyes
It was a used return from walmart.  It actually had a pair of socks stuffed int he box.  It didn't stretch very well either.
Not worth the price!  Doubled in price!! What's that all about?! This elephant is small, way too small to be $14.99. For $7 it is worth it but for $15, no way.
did not receive same as picture/description  While I like the parts of the set that we did get, we did not get what was pictured or in the description. There was no boat, dog, scuttle, or Sebastian. It was just Ariel in the mermaid outfit, 2 dresses, a wardrobe, and flounder. Also the blue dress is very hard to get on and the shoes fall right off!
After taking it out of the box and inspecting it I was So disappointed, It doesn't work  I purchased this item for a Christmas gift for my 3 year old grandson. After taking it out of the box and inspecting it I was So disappointed, It doesn't work.  On top of it, it is too small than what I thought it should be for the price I paid.  I am sending it back to the company.  So sad.
Don't buy  If I could give Elmo 0 stars, I would. He came dead, with no way to replace the batteries. Will be returning him  Waste of money.
Product not as titled.  I realize it was my mistake not seeing the change in word arrangement from the item name and the item description. This is from the Pokemon Center Sitting Trick Showers line, not the larger Pokemon Center Sitting Trick Pose line, which is significantly larger. A frustrating difference to any obsessive collector.
Came cracked and collects water.
This was definately not the same Enderdragon that I saw at other stores. Cheap fabric, more like felt. I was so disappointed that I went ahead and gave them away instead of keeping them as Christmas presents for my kids. I probably shouldn't have been surprised as the price was about 2 or 3 times less than the store prices.......oh well.
Bad for gift giving  Not soft and fuzzy.  Battery compartment also corroded. Very disappointed.
bleh tooo smalll!!!!  TINY TINY TINY was dissapointed about how small it was was wanting a bigger one but its too late now
Average Quality  Waste of money just average quality small.
yellow hair bow for loopy?  the doll loopy had yellow head bow instead of pink. It didnot look like the picture. it didnot pretty enough.
There was a hole on top of her head.
Possibly one of the worst Poke' plushies I've seen  Possibly one of the worst Poke' plushies I've seen. I ordered two to give one to a friend and to keep the other for myself and the plush looks nothing like the photo save for its pose. Both of their heads are misshapen and one is unable to stand and has loose stitching in various areas. Incredibly disappointing as a Umbreon fan.
Do not purchase. Toy arrived broken.  Received one that is broken. It does not giggle at all. Will not make any noise. No way to change battery. Will be returning. Very disappointed, was supposed to be an Easter gift for my son.
Broke after a couple days
DO NOT BUY. ITS A SCAM  Doesnt even deserve one star. Is nothing like the photo. Its a scam and then they refuse to refund you but want to charge you more so you can send it back. Do not buy.
Wrong item sent  We did not receive the Monster slippers--we got a pair of shark slippers--not what I ordered. Very disappointing for my grandson!
Adorable item that I planned on purchasing until the price jumped 11 dollars as the holiday season approached. I don't appreciate price gouging, so I'll be purchasing elsewhere.
I am upset about his purchase.  Barney was supposed to sing, but it doesn't work.
It made me pull a bunch of money out of my pocket to make me see it's unofficial!!  Knock off
See the photo. This is how it came out of the package.
Safety concerns  My daughter fell in love with this gift she received from Santa.  Unfortunately, within a month the flower fell off.  At the end of March, the monkey's cheek ripped open just under the left eye.  My daughter rarely takes her stuffed animals out of her room, so the general wear and tear on this product was minimal.  After many tears shed and discussions about Santa's workshop, I am unable to return the monkey for a new one.  I think this product is a safety concern for small children, and the flower had 2 parts that fell off and the stuffing was easily accessible when the cheek came open.
2hours  Less than 2 hours after getting these. Red one lost his eye. Really!!
Knock off!  KNOCK OFF!  Scary looking!  Do not order!!! Item pictured is NOT what is received.  Tag isn't even the same.  Company is a bunch of crooks!
Used sewn item.  Unless I missed it in the description this was a used item. It looked worn and you could see it had been opened a new battery put in and re stitched up with obvious bright thread. Again, I am not sure the description said new.
Very small and not worth spending your money on it!
Took 7 weeks to arrive.  Very poor quality knock off. Took 7 weeks to arrive from China.
Awful presentation!  I have to give one start because it is really disappointing how the product is packed. This was going to be a present for a girl which family I appreciate a lot. I would never give this as a present! It comes wrapped in plastic in the size of a ball! The picture shows the Cookie Monster in a box (which is no true). When I received the box I thought I was being scammed because there was something rolling inside... (and I didn't buy a ball.)  Anyways, I am returning this as it came, didn't even bother to open it.
Don't buy this...  This does NOT make a farting sound.  Instead you get a horrible recorded sound.
Not official Disney Store  It is almost as though her arms and head were put on backwards. The quality of her dress is cheap and plastic-like. All the other princess dolls that I have from the Disney Store have an official Disney Store tag and this did not come with one. It came with an "offical frozen" tag. Very disappointed, especially for the price.
no sound  When our "Lamby" as we call it arrived, the sound maker didn't work at all :( this is our dogs favorite toy and he wants nothing to do with the new one that doesn't "baaahhh".
meh  these are a small 7 inches.  maybe 7 inches if you put them together?  a bit cheap and dollar store/vending machine toyish for the price.  meh.
came in damaged  one of the leaf's stuffing was missing, it wasn't sewed together and the stuffing was gone. its a present for christmas and now theres not enough time to get another. thanks for selling me a damaged pokemon. i love that people can make money off of damaged items.
The item's box arrived in poor condition for a collectible  I should have sent it back, but the timing got away from me.  The item's box arrived in poor condition for a collectible. Really not a good purchase.
That  I thought this would be a great club cover for my golf outings.  I could pull out that club and say "Let the Wookie win!"  That would never get old.  So imagine my disappointment when I discovered that this item will not fit on any of my golf clubs, including even my putter.  Advertising it as a golf club cover was a mistake.  The Wookie will have to "win" from inside a pocket of my golf bag.  Maybe a great gag gift but certainly not a functional golf club cover.
It wasn't the charmander in the picture. False advertising.
Too Expensive, Buy Elsewhere.  All I'm going to say is that you can get a same quality, same sized $10 version at Walmart. Don't waste your money on this.
it doesn't sound at all like Barney! My child wouldn't play with it  The voice is so awful, it doesn't sound at all like Barney! My child wouldn't play with it! Luckily we were able to take the voice box out - but she'd already been discouraged from the hideous voice that she wouldn't even play with it as a "lovey" afterwards. Wasn't worth the money in shipping to return, so we just threw it in the box for Goodwill. I recommend getting a Barney at Toys R Us if your child really enjoys Barney OR purchasing this and removing the voice box immediately.
Furby Boom is highly disturbing with multiple personalities!  Multiple Personalities of the Furby Boom are highly disturbing to children. Don't buy for a young child. My 8 year old daughter has wanted a Furby Boom for almost a year. She finally got one as an early Christmas present. She played with it all day and loved it! It was funny, laughed, talked, giggled and danced. Until later in the day when she discovered that it changes personalities. She was singing a sweet song to it and it turned into a man's voice! It said rude, disgusting things. She was sobbing and wouldn't go near it. Her dad looked up how to change it. It went through many personalities. A high pitched, hyper voice that was very annoying. A lazy guy who burped and farted. We later found out that it has a mean setting too. This is not okay, Hasbro! Our daughter cried for the rest of the night. We are sending the toy back. She was too afraid to play with it after that. Hasbro needs to clearly state that the Furby Boom changes voices. The deep man's voice was very shocking to my daughter. She is still sad today and wishes that the Furby stayed sweet. It reminds me of a Gremlin!
Crap!  This is called a walking pony but it does not walk just shakes its butt! When I tried to return they charged me for shipping and only offered to give me a $5 store credit which I never got!
Large hole in seam
Wrong doll sent....  The doll is nicely made but I ordered the Panda Bear doll and received the Koala Bear...very disappointing.
Mine was smaller the expected, I am not pleased
They are made in China  =(
Too big and bulky  I ordered this for a little grandaughter, and it was not what I expected.....which was a medium size doll with a baby doll attached to it....This one was way too large and bulky for a little girl.
Not worth the price, would not recommend  Not impressed with this. I loved the size of this, however it sheds like crazy and there were little bugs dead bugs in the fur, the kind you'd find in storage or something. Definitely not worth the price and not cuddle worthy. Will not recommend nor purchase again.
Returning because it did not work, even after replacing batteries and following troubleshooting instructions. Unfortunately it was for a birthday and I had to get something else in time for party. Probably just a quality control issue.
1 missing nostril  Cute, but darker than what I expected. Also missing a nostril. If it wasn't missing a nostril, I'd give it 4 stars
On picture toy is standing, but real toy is sitting..:( My kid wanted standing toy so badly...
smaller than i thought
Not good guality  Had a week and hat fell off.
The fabric and quality I liken to a free Happy Meal toy  Returning this plush toy... The fabric and quality I liken to a free Happy Meal toy.
Doctor Who Tardis Talking Plush  After I put three new batteries in the unit it worked 1 time. Not a very good product! Would NOT recommend this product to anyone! Very unhappy with this product.
Size not as described.  I only give this 2 stars because of cuteness.  The description says 53x34 inches; in reality it is 23x29 inches!!!  The fleece quality is rather poor, looks as though it has been washed a lot. Hope I can get a new one in time for Christmas
horrible  Junk
not as described  the face looked more like a racoon and not like the picture on here. not as described
Very cute but unfortunately the keychain hook was torn off and sewn shut.
Double the price?!  I was going to give this elephant a 5 star review. He is adorable and well made. I bought one at $6 to test and see if I wanted to add him as a birth announcement to my etsy shop. He was perfect, so I came back to buy more and they are almost $17 now!! I won't be purchasing any more as I can't turn any kind of profit with the elephant itself priced so high. Very disappointed.
It looked like a 12 year old made this  Do not buy this. It looked like a 12 year old made this. Poorly put together. Not worth the month long wait and the shipping fees. Completely unsatisfied.
Huge disappointment! This Rudolf fell apart after about 3 days  Huge disappointment! This Rudolf fell apart after about 3 days. The head is very flimsy and flops around. All the stitching on the back came undone
Not great quality. The dinosaur George is holding has a hole in it. Stuffing was in the package and out in the open so who shipped it to me had no way they could of not noticed.  They didn't cost much bit still expected better quality. Guess I got what I paid for.
I agree. The picture is misleading. We too thought we were going to get all of the stuffed animals, not just the star.
... not what I expected but the shipping time was great!  This doll is cheap not what I expected but the shipping time was great!
Very over priced  Very, very dissatisfied. Was expecting a large elephant and got something I would consider very small. The price was ridiculous for product. My previous stuffed animal purchases from Gund or Melissa and Doug have been fantastic. IKEA elephant and baby was a big dissapointment.
Bought it to replace another which had a dead battery. This one showed up with a dead battery out of the bag.
Horrible  These are horrible, they not made of the same material - they arrived filthy, and so cheap.  Please look elsewhere if you are looking to buy, I would NEVER recommend this purchase
Dissapointed  The picture looks so cute and adorable scooby-doo but when I open the box. Its really dissapointed and too pricey
Didn't look anything like the picture.  It looked like the baby versions of MM.  Will never order again!
Very very bad quality  Very bad quality items.  No tags on items to show any types of hazards to children etc.  no material information.
No noise, cute plush  Plush toy was cute and basic for my 3 year old's Easter basket. He loves BB8.  Stands 6 inches high and balances well on his own. I have played with it for a while now searching for the 'button' inside the fluffy body that turns on the beeping noises with no avail. There is no flap or way to check/replace batteries so I am at a loss for if there really IS a talking feature and mine has a dead battery or if it is simply a plush toy that was mislabeled?  Luckily for me, my son didn't realize it was supposed to make noise so he is not disappointed. It would have been a 5 star if it would have beeped at all.
Beware  It was to small for the price. It looked bigger,  but the size of a miniature doll.
Didn't work
Cheap toy. Not worth cost  Toy plastic broke within minutes iodnmy kid having it so I had to take it away so he would cut himself.
My 21 month old is mad because she can't take the jacket off this doll.
Might Be Good If It Ever Arrived  I ordered this as a Christmas present for my girlfriend on Dec. 8th and it was estimated to be delivered between Dec. 13th - Dec. 18th. It is currently Dec. 27th and I just now received this item. Honestly, if my girlfriend didn't love the "Labyrinth" so much I'd give this review a 1 star because of the headaches it's caused me with shipping and tracking. The face of this stuffed Ludo is a little messed up. One side of his face is actually bigger than the other, as in the stitching isn't centered going up his face. But my girlfriend loves it and thinks he's adorable so I'll give this seller the benefit of the doubt, even though I had to give this to her two days after Christmas. Final rating:  C+  Buyer beware.
Very disappointed about the size  Very disappointed about the size , And also my son only had it for 3 days and the stuffing on tail got a little hole and the tail is now flat I would of thought that for $60 that I payed the fabric could of been better!! Super disappointed now I have a 7 year old that's very upset !
The legs fell off of it cheap fabric  It fell apart
Face is flat and a bit deformed, expensive.
Falsely advertised no size option very small and cheap  Falsely advertised no size option very small and cheap Very small no size option only the tiny one returned it right away
Definitely not worth the price, oddly shaped, too skinny for length
There were some differences when comparing what I got and what the picture showed. But you get what you pay for. My step daughter didn't even notice so overall it was ok.
Not what I expected. Way over priced. Includes only one toy not all shown in picture.
Too small
I bought 2 and both were broken, the sound didn't work
it is better to do not comment  This is a hell of a toy, it is better to do not comment!
airrived damaged  Waited 4 weeks for it to arrived damaged. Came rip from the back n threads coming out
False advertising  Looks like garbage. Nothing like the picture.
Not a nice product  This is so cheap looking. Very small and not well made. I went to Walmart and found a much nicer one that cost $2 less
Too small  This item was too small compared to my other Eeveelutions.  My others are at least eight inches tall.  Others may feel differently though, but I personally do not care for this.
Junk  This is just junk... a cheaply made toy
Ladybug was actual size of a ladybug.  Terribly small. more of a novelty for my girlfriend.
Elmo is soft and cuddly, but when he sings the alphabet song he says "el-emeno-p" rather than pronouncing each letter "L-M-N-O-P."
Wrong Piglet toy  The Piglet we received from The Little Fairy's Shop USA was not the correct Piglet. The one ordered was Disney branded on the foot and did not make noise while the one we received is not Disney branded and talks. My wife and I are very disappointed and request an immediate shipment of the correct product.
It looks like a plush toy from a dollar store  I bought this plush toy for my daughter because she loves to read the books about this little kitty but i don't think it's worth 10 or 11 dlls. It looks like a plush toy from a dollar store.  i did not send it back because my girl loves him.
Cora Bear don't work  My cora bear haven't worked since i've purchased it. I attempted to return the item but i got exhausted by all the red tape...so i gave up.. . i have would love to experience all that were advertised... sad face..
Product Description Correction  Product description is not accurate.  Here's a better description: Polyester filled toy snake.  Coloring is semi-accurate.  Bottom half of product is white making the product look unreal. Not for outdoors.  Indoor use, exclusively.
This item was going to be something for my daughters first Christmas and very disappointed that the item is stained and the fibe  This item was something I always wanted as a kid. This item was going to be something for my daughters first Christmas and very disappointed that the item is stained and the fibers are crusted all over the body of the Elmo. The main concept of the Elmo is awesome but this item belongs in the trash. Very disappointed that the item wasn't truthfully described I would have never bought it and now there isn't enough time to find an original before Christmas.
Not 13" but not bad either  I'm not really upset because of the decent price and free shipping, but the product was not 13" as the description said; it was no more than 8". Some of the pictures in other reviews were kinda misleading because they were not the same product. On the bright side, it arrived a week early.
definitely not a 10" as advertised. The Pichaciu is cute but small. I was expecting a bigger toy. False advertisement.
Poor quality; not a licensed product  This product is advertised as a Pokemon licensed product - it is NOT.  It comes in a plastic bag with a sticker labeled OLIA DESIGNS; the toy itself has no tags on it.  It is not made well; one of the arms fell off the first day as it was attached with one white thread and has no stuffing in it.  The tail has stuffing coming out of it, as well as parts of the body along the seam.  I had replaced it once as I was told the first one was surely a fluke. . . it was not.
Poor Elmo was scrunched up in a box about 8x10  Was not in original packaging.  Poor Elmo was scrunched up in a box about 8x10.  I feel that it may have been previously used or a return.  Not pleased at all.
Rip Off  It broke as soon as I got it major rip off
Very disappointed considering the price
Mad,  Came without a face. I'm very upset. This is sickening
Thought it was bigger then what it was
HORRIBLE PLUSH TOY!  First off, the little ruffles on the head are bent and distorted. The sewing on the mouth is HORRIBLE. The skin that goes over the eyes is WAY too high up. The little spikes on the neck are bent, and lastly, it looks NOTHING like the picture. This product is terrible. I don't recommend it.
Item was defective  It was dirty, the "Try Here" sticker was worn from obvious use, the batteries were dead and corroded, and after replacing the batteries it did not work. Clearly not imbued with snow magic by a qualified ice queen.
Fake  This is not the unicorn from Despicsble Me. It is a cheap fake. I took one look at it and chucked in the garbage. Disappointing.
Not as advertised. The doll is about 3 inches tall and not a name brand, but a very cheap knock off shipped directly from China. I did not know that when I ordered it as it was advertised as Hasbro.
VERY POOR QUALITY! DO NOT BUY  VERY POOR QUALITY! DO NOT BUY! Not worth the money! Cheap felt used to decorate the stuffed toys. Very unhappy!
I Hate It!  I can now tell some of these positive reviews are fake. The stuffed animal arrived and I was very disappointed. It is made with such poor quality, the stuffed animal sheds more than my real dog, and it looks NOTHING like the picture. What a disappointment! 
Smaller than anticipated  So small! The body is ink about 6 inches. Much smaller than anticipated.  Cheaply made. Reminds me if an oversized Mc Happy Meal toy. Super cheesy. Not worth the money at all!
Why So EXPENSIVE???  Seeking this plush for granddaughter; found retailers that sell it for $9.99 - $11.99, but they're sold out. Can't justifiy this super inflated price just to get the plush.
Cheap toy  Wasn't like the one in the picture and had a piece attached to I guess hang in you car window I removed this piece and the stitching fell apart glad I know how to sew
Doesn't work, takes 3 AAA batteries, and not waterproof  I am not sure where all these five star ratings came from, that led me to purchase they toy. One, it does not look waterproof at all, that being said I put batteries in and it does not work. The only other verified purchase in the comment section is from the other 1 star rating. Cheaply made and overpriced. I do most of my ordering on Amazon, but am finding an increased amount of sub-par products, and may be switching to a different online realtor if the issue persists. And to add insult to injury, apparently the item is not eligible for return.
The bird and sound are excellent. Unfortunately it arrived two days later. Otherwise is a good gift
way to small  I saw this on walmart recently for $3 ..its to small i though i was getting something bigger for the price . Next time ill just get it at target pillow size for $16 & I'll know its worth what i paid
Not as nicely made and smaller than alpaca teddy bears I buy at alpaca farms in Maine for the same price. Suggestion :  Go to an alpaca farm as they all sell bears like these and they are much nicer.
Not made well.  Cute and all.. but the inside shoulder seem wasn't sewn. :/
Definitely not as described. Other than being a stuffed reindeer...
My kids LOVE cuddlekins stuffed animals  My kids LOVE cuddlekins stuffed animals. We have 8 different ones between 4 kids. This giraffe is the only one we had an issue with. It looked different than the picture and not what we expected. We returned it and bought a different one!
Beware of counterfeits  The one I bought is a fake and it's not even a particularly good fake. The glue and stitching were bad. The teeth were cut and shaped haphazardly. The eyes and eyebrows are too close. Actually the whole thing is pretty ugly, not nearly as cute as the original Boo in the the pic (which I would assume is from the real product since it closely resembles the actual cartoon from Nintendo). I wish Amazon would have been the seller instead of an untrusted 3rd party.
This plush may be cool and cute but seriously? Who that check pays 100 dollars for a plush?  Ripoff...
This Elmo's a Snooze  I thought there would be a little more to this Elmo Good Night Plush toy. I received it for my 6 month old son who cannot use it yet himself, but does like to hold (eat) him. It's a medium-sized Elmo (good for smaller children) and comes dressed appropriately in pajamas. When you press his belly (well really more like his chest) he will either say "Elmo So Sleepy" or "Good Night" followed by 15 seconds of lullaby music. The third time you press him he will merely make snoring noises for 9 seconds without any lullaby music. In order to hear all three phrases you have to press them in fairly quick succession or he will time out and revert back to the original phrase again. There is no volume adjustment or on/off switch on the Elmo. The sound is at a pretty good level, but you would struggle to hear him with background noises. I thought his music would last a bit longer to help my child fall asleep, but he would have to keep pressing him over and over and over, which defeats the purpose because this will just keep him up and engaged. Two stars, he's cute, but I wouldn't buy this again.
waste of money. very bad quality. returned
Olaf plush figure  Smaller than I expected. Does not match what I imagined it would look like
Definitely not worth $15.00  Cute dog but definitely not worth $15.00. I just picked up another dog , same brand, at Target for $3.99.  Usually Amazon's prices are competitive but not this time.
Very small!
Weak seams  Poorly made. Had to sew his head shut after the seams split and then reattatch the bandana when that fell off too. Same situation with Izzy. Expected better!
Poor stitching.
Most of the buckles are too hard for my 1.5 year old daughter to do because they require too much force, and it says appropriate for 12 months - 4 year olds.
Ear was teared...
not as cute as the picture  the totoro in this picture is much cuter. the eyes on the one I recieved are a little crooked and the stitching looks cheap, like he will eventually tear. But my 6 year old daughter still loves him and sleeps with him every night. I ordered the catbus to go along with him and haven't received him yet. Hope he look better than totoro.
Its not the same as the picture it is not the x and y series like the picture I wouldn't advise getting it if your trying to collect the x and y series pokemon.
Broken and unreturnable  Our Elmo doesn't work properly. He doesn't hug and only says one phrase - "too tight". I bought him a mo th before my son's birthday. By the time we opened him and realized he is broken, the return window of thirty days had closed so I'm out $50 and stuck with a broken toy. What a bummer.
Not as pictured!  I ordered this for my son for Christmas, and I received the equivalent of a happy meal toy - a tiny, cheaply made toy that doesnt look anything like Pikachu pictured here.
Gund Sesame street  this little thing is over priced i would not recommend buying this for your child it is a waste of money
Regret Purchase  I purchased this item for my daughter.  As far as I can tell it is not a real Pokemon toy.  I regret buying it.
and feels like a cheap knock off  Very cheaply made.  Picture is not at all representative of the actual plush doll. Dragonite looks deformed, has no neck, and feels like a cheap knock off.  You get what you pay for, I guess?
... is very deceiving it's only one maraca not two like the picture shows very disappointed  Should have read the reviews this is very deceiving it's only one maraca not two like the picture shows very disappointed!
Aurora World Mermaid 10'  This mermaid is super cute but arrived with a black spot on its chin, I attempted to clean it off to give on time for Christmas but still faintly visible.
Not as pictured.  (HIGHLY redacted as per Amazon's unstated review policies)  My kiddo has become a big Pokemon stuffy fan and this one was instantly one of her favorite characters. The image in the listing made this stuffy look to be top quality. When it arrived, it was opened immediately and after a few seconds of confounded inspection she was in tears. Why would they do this?! It's like they didn't even try! As kids tend to be highly reactive; she was devastated. We're sending it back. Her disappointment was tangible for days.  Now I have to find one somewhere that does resemble the picture...
waste of  the toy broke after one bath. waste of money
I feel like it's not a safe product to use  It is bulky and the pacifier does not stay well. It also looks very cheap and there are no instructions or safety tags what so ever. I feel like it's not a safe product to use!
Overpriced  For the price I paid, this toy was much smaller than I had expected.  The description did say 7-inch but I missed that when I ordered it (and it was a small 7 inches).  It did produce plants vs zombies sounds when pressed (which wasn't advertised), but the battery died after 3 days and wasn't replaceable.  Despite my dismay on opening the package, my granddaughter loves it.
Doesn't look like the character  It doesn't really look like it does in the picture and is more of a teddy/raccoon. It's cute but not what I hoped for.
looks nothing like the picture  looks nothing like the picture. It was sewn together badly where the face is not symmetrical. The mouth doesn't match up. It just looks like something else entirely. Not cute.
Last only 30 minutes after inflated
This ball came and it is super small. Not worth the money for such a small thing.
Fake no logo!!  Fake!! I'm doing the returning right now
Terrible  I bought this and an Eevee plush. Didn't even get them. Tomy sucks, don't by from here.
Horrible. The item is not like the one pictured  Horrible. The item is not like the one pictured. I got a cheap knock off with a string attached to its head that you would see for hanging. Plus it is about 5 inches instead of the advertised 10 inch plush. I reached out to the seller and the wanted to sit there and argue with me about why it was correct. I went to gamestop and bought the actual Mario.. night and day difference. Waste of money.
not as plush as the picture.  Not worth the price.
This is a cute, soft product. Be aware, it is top heavy & will not stand.
Dissapointed  I have been a fan of The Labyrinth my whole life. It's very hard to find merchandise for it. Was very excited to see this adorable Ludo Plush, but sadly, cannot be shipped to my address. I do hope that this changes. I would love to have him!
No where in the Amazon or manufacturer's description does it say that the head contains a rattle. If I would have wanted a rattle, I would have bought a rattle. I bought it as a gift for a two year old child, and I do not have time to replace it. I am stuck with this obnoxious noise making toy.
It is super cute but I gave it 2 stars because mine did not stand up on its own...
Run!  Real cheap looking.  Scary looking actually. Don't waste your money
nice cat - but different than the photo  the photo appeared to be a cat with black face and feet with black & gray scruffy coat- which is exactly what our cat looks like ......that is the only reason for the 2 star review- other than being disappointed that it did not look like the picture or OUR cat- a very nice sstuffed totally black cat
Was not what was advertised so that's not cool... But is still cute..
Just like everyone else said...it fell apart the same day  The doll is nice and my son loves it but you will need to glue the hands and legs on probably the first day you get it...I did and it has been fine but YOU WILL NEED TO GLUE IT !!!
Not worth the money  I don't blame the seller but I should have paid much more attention to the size and description of this item. it is not worth the money. Very small and flimsy...like one of those arcade claw game prizes -- maybe not even that good.
Missing product  The ender man was missing. Only received 3 out of the 4 animals
Cheap DO NOT BUY!!  It ripped the first time my granddaughter wore it!
Cute but not lasting.  Bought this awhile back but I forgot to write a review but it was smaller than I thought and I noticed the stitching wasn't very well sowed. It started ripping a few days later.
Smaller than I thought  I Would have preferred to buy two 8" angry bird plush toy, instead of this one, bundled with three small toys
I wouldn't recommend this toy  Used one time in the bathtub, it filled with water and now it won't work. I will definitely be returning this. Another thing that's upsetting, is in the description of the item, it says it gives your child something to play with in the bathtub alone and allow the parents time to themselves. Then says for ages 1-5. Please tell me parents of children ages 1-5 don't leave their children unattended in the bath tub..... I wouldn't recommend this toy.
Super Dirty  This item arrived filthy dirty
Received the wrong item  I bought 2 Mickey Mouse and 1 Minnie Mouse received 3 Mickeys 1 bigger then the other 2 be careful when ordering multiple items. Shipping was long as well
To small
Our 18mo old loves it but we've gone through 5 - every one works fine for a couple days and then the music gets all garbled and sounds terrible. Replacing batteries do not help.  Each time we go back and return it for another and the same thing happens within several days. Also unlike the Glow Worm, there is no "Off" that the baby can do. On some other models pressing again turns the sound off, but not this one.  I've seen our baby try and turn it off when she's ready for sleep but it doesn't do anything. We ended up just turning it off inside and telling her it is broken!
I expected better product.  Jewel fell off  within 15 minutes after taking out of package  granddaughter was perplexed. I expected better product.
Ehh ... tough to get Elmo to recognize he's on potty  Got this on a lightning deal for a good price. Saw it at babies 'r us for $30 and would never buy it for that. My 2 year old needs me to help her with this ... Elmo never seems to recognize he's sitting on the potty. This elmo is more of a hassle. I wouldn't recommend this, and wish I skipped the lightning deal on it.
My son loves this thing and it is the only reason I didn't send it back but this thing is awful expensive for the size of the plush.  Also the "exclusive" part of the title is a marketing ploy you need to make sure you do not get caught up in. The price is off the rails and this whole "authentic" nonsense is again another way to make you think 30 bucks is okay. I guess last minute we deserved the price but we will not be buying from this user again.
They Shipped me a Different Chameleon Then was Advertised in the Picture :(  I ordered this particular one bc it has the open mouth/ tongue and my little 2 year olds favorite scene in the movie is when this chameleon, Pascal, "wakes" a character, Flynn, up via Typical sticky chameleon tongue in ear.  Anyway, she found it hilarious!  So I ordered this for her for Christmas (yes, it took awhile for me to finally write/tell the seller), and the one I was sent had a mouth that was "sewn shut", aka, there was no mouth per say, just a strip of rolled cloth that acted as Pascal's lips. In summary, I was sent the wrong "Disney Tangled 6 inch Plush Figure Chameleon".... It is different then the one advertised in the picture.  And that difference was crucial for my 2 year old. Booooooo :(  Wish I was sent what I ordered......
Smaller than the picture.  Picture very deceiving.
Yes it met my expectations. Loved the item went back to order it again and it was $8 more per item. That is insane!
Came with several holes and stuffing falling out. My daughter used it for a day.
Was told it will come end of Nov., early Dec. but says IN STOCK on-line. Very dissapointed
This Elmo is a dud  Sorry poor Elmo just says the same one sentence over and over no matter what hat he wears  The most annoying toy under the Christmas tree.  Elmo is heading back to the North Pole
Highly disappointed.  Not as pictured.  At all.  Just a flat sewed together shapeless...  Thing.  No belly fur, no facial shape.  Highly disappointed.
Was dirty  and soiled !!!!!!
Not as advertised.  I am rating this 2 stars because this is not the Flareon plush that is being advertised. I instead received a different Flareon plush. (Still seems to be the same manufacturer, albeit not the X&Y series). I originally ordered this item to finish off my X&Y Eeveelution set. It would appear the product that was sent to me was a Best Wishes Series Flareon. The build quality seems alright, however, it is noticeably smaller than the rest of my X&Y series plushes. I attached a picture of the Flareon and two of my X&Y series plushes for a size comparison.
Batteries incluyes in bad condition , not working at all !! Bad bad !!
Not as it seems the plush is no official its bootleg i spent 44 dollars for foxy and freddy but i get a bad remake of the sanshee ones am so bloody pissed am never trusting any chinese, hong kong seller am so happy i bought my limited edition fredbear from sanshee's site at least that and my sanshee chica pre order won't be bad replicas.
Not original  When the dragon first arrived I thought the quality was a bit cheap compared to the other Minecraft stuffies we have but I just put the thought aside however after seeing an original Enderdragon at the store this weekend it is very obvious that this one is a fake. I was thinking of keeping it but at almost $30 I just cant do it.
Not cuddly  Not cuddly  too few sayings
Breaks A LOT!!! Very disappointed!  My daughter has gone through two of these already and we are on our third. The first one started stuttering like it was possessed and wouldn't turn off before she even got to play with it. When I called Vtech, they were not helpful at all. First they wanted me to pay for the shipping to send them back the defective toy that they sent me. I was on the phone with them for almost an hour before they finally agreed to pay for the shipping. Then it took almost two months to get her replacement. When they sent me the replacement the did not include the cord to connect it to the computer so I had to wait another week for that. Well we have had Cora # 2 for about two months. She frequently "forgets" information we program her with so we are constantly reconnecting her to the computer. Now, the special occasions button and the music button do not work. I am about to just say forget it and see if vtech will just give me my money back and buy her a leapfrog violet. I am very disappointed in the quality of this toy and with vtechs customer support!
Batteries horribly corroded  We received this item as a gift, and although I love the concept, when we received it, the batteries were terribly corroded and even with replacement and some cleaning of the battery compartment, the toy still did not work. We did NOT order from AMAZON but saw similar reviews when I came on to try and re-purchase as a replacement. Needless to say, I will not be buying.
Very Disappointing...  Extremely disappointed....It looks like it's been washed as it's very faded and looks USED....
DO NOT BUY THIS FOR A BABY!!! My 8 month old daughter pulled off one the pompoms and choked on it. She is ok. I bought this doll for her based on the reviews saying it wasn't a danger to babies. Needless to say that is NOT TRUE. I'd like to throw this doll in the fireplace so I never have to see it again.
Unsatisfied is what you get when you don't get to hand select your plushy.
Cute toy but breaks after return period is over, beware!
Great toy ... for one day  At first, this is a great superhero plush.  Unlike many other Spiderman dolls, the body shape is not greatly distorted (although he is appropriately muscle-bound).  It is also very cool that his eyes light up and he talks.  The problem is that the sound box doesn't fit back in the body if it's removed.  It must be possible, but I struggled for 30 minutes before giving up.
Bummer.  Tiny. definitely not what the description said. bummed.
A waste of money  I have purchased two of these ducks and both lasted a matter of minutes with a Shitzu puppy weighing 5 pounds. The stitching keeping the head on failed on the first one, so I bought a 2nd one since he likes the quacking sound so much. The quacking quit working and something came apart inside because it now rattles. A waste of money.
Santa brought this - it doesn't work. Not even with a battery change :( of course the kids cut the tags off and everything so now they're stuck with it. Cute for a plush toy but kind of expensive for a non-talking plush!
This was a waste of money and huge disappointment  This was a waste of money and huge disappointment.  While  toy was soft and cuddly, my tech savvy son was never able to get app to download after numerous attempts. Doesn't deserve even obe star.
She loves tags but this not so much.
Got a better value from another seller  Its really small for the price. Got a better value from another seller.
Item damaged  Item was new in package but had and tear in the back along the seam and stuffing was showing through.
squidward  when we recived our item the packaging was teerrible was to small for the doll and the neck was bent around and the wire inside was broken SO our squidward had a broken neck when i called i was told it could not be replaced so i paid 40.00 for a broken toy sent to my grandson i will never order from you again if i pay for the item i expect to recive a good item not something you broke to get in a smaller package
Very disappointed!  This is one single small plush flower. Do NOT be fooled into thinking it's a set of six. False advertising!! Very disappointed!
This is JUNK. Fake JUNK. Stay away.  If you like Fake news and third rate products. This is the junk you want. Like others have posted, this is a knock off. It is not a genuine Five Nights At Freddy's product. Order it for my son, and as soon as he opened the package, he gave it back to me. "It's not real Dad." Thank you for helping me become "THAT" dad who buys his kid fake junk products.
which I say it pretty good. But when it did get here  I ordered it and it took about a month to get here , which I say it pretty good. But when it did get here, it wasn't the same as in the picture . It's really hard and seems like it's just made for looks. It's smaller than 15 in , is not soft at all, and is just a totally different totoro.
Poorly made for the price  Very cute and my 3 year old loves him. However the wire in the neck runs along the side of the neck not through the center, so she can feel the hard wire when she cuddles him. Kind of uncomfortable and defeats the point of kids plush toy. For the price I expect better. I contacted the seller and they wanted me to return him for refund which, if you have a 3  year old you'll understand, sounds like an unpleasant idea to me.
NOT OF GOOD QUAILTY
Chewbacca headcover review  Background for me: I am die-hard Star Wars fan and 4-rounds per month golfer. I buy and expect top quality for my money. Short review is: this product is terrible.  Details of review: GOLF persepctive: (1) Costs way too much for quality of product(but this has to do (in part if not wholly) with licensing fee to Lucasfilm). For $27, this cost MORE than Daphne head cover. Daphnes are far superior in terms of overall quality and manufacturing (I own two Daphne covers). Look at any Daphne headcover and the lack of craftsmanship of this Chewie head cover becomes readily apparent. (2) Too small: barely covers my son's hybrid 4 club. I am using this thing for lob wedge cover as I can't throw it away. (3) Not secure: velcro is its fastening method and it has already fallen off twice from son's hybrid and my lob wedge.  STAR WARS perspective: (1) Product I received looks NOTHING like the picture. What I received looks like a smiling Ewok (if even that)!! Product I received has huge smile (luckily no teeth). Even my 7 y/o (non Star Wars fan) could see the total lack of Chewbacca resemblance . No matter how much I combed/manipulate the fur, I cannot get it to look anything like the picture. Product I received has bright blue eyes. I wanted Chewie not the Chairman of the Board?! (2) Front fur is brown and back 2/3 is dark forest green where as then back 2/3 should have been mixture of brown/dark forest green.  Overall: unless you want an overly small headcover & overpriced smiling brightblue-eyed Ewok-like fur ball head cover, you should save your money. Worst purchase I made on Amazon.com in >5 years. This is my first time review after >5 years purchasing from amazon.com. But I felt compelled to save fellow Star Wars fans (young and old) from wasting their money like I unfortunately did. If you cannot tell I am VERY unhappy with this purchase.
Much smaller than I expected.
The pocket that holds stuff in this backpack is very small, the majority of the backpack is filled with stuffing, this is more of a stuffed toy than a backpack.
Also doesn't have the neck cover like in the  Much smaller than I expected. Also doesn't have the neck cover like in the photo
Can't turn off  The ball is very cute and soft. I don't like that there isn't any way to turn it off and you can't replace the battery.
I bought this doll specifically because it stated it said "do do not there is no try" . It does not. Very disappointing, but then again other reviews have stated to having the same problem so I cannot say I was not warned.
bad
DID NOT CLOSE ALL THE WAY, RETURNED.
Wrong One!  This is the wrong furby. It was suppose to be the furby boom.
To small
Don't catch this one.  The bootleg was strong in this one.  The authenticity tag was in the wrong place, the fabric of the doll doesn't even match that of the picture, plus it came in this gross shrink wrap bag that bent and folded the doll to the point that no amount of ironing would save it.
Subpar quality  Emlo's hair comes out very easily. I do not care for his material make up, just not nearly as durable as I would have wished or thought they would make a toy such as this...
It kind of looks like something you'd find at the dollar store. Not that great.
Tore within an hour and a half  These are cute, but I gave them to my kids last night a half hour before bedtime.  I woke up an hour after them this morning and two of the four were ripped. I can sew and for the price I won't be returning them. I did expect them to last more than an hour and a half. My kids aren't rough and were watching tv and cuddling them. I would not buy these for kids who will be very disappointed if it breaks.
Fake GUND  This ELMO was not as listed. It is a fake version of the one I had as well. The eyes are soft material. Not the hard plastic eyes as the original should be.
Cheap plastic!!!  Cheap plastic and was already falling apart when I unpacked it.  It wasn't too expensive so I guess I got what I paid for.
This doll arrived and looked absolutely nothing like Evee. The eyes  This doll arrived and looked absolutely nothing like Evee. The eyes ... it was like a bad creepy horror-movie doll.  It was extremely disappointing. I will not buy from this seller again.
Defective  Came with a hole in the antler
Definitely cuter in the picture than in person.
Very small  This thing is TINY. The hair shouldnt have been included in the size. Deceiving.
Hair fell off, not worth the price.  This is my first negative review I've ever posted on Amazon. This product was so disappointing that I wanted to be sure other potential buyers know about it. Within two hours of my child playing with this doll, the top hairpiece totally fell off! Turns out it was attached by one single stitch.
Very cheap, and hard, not soft at all
Product  what was advertised.  Does not match the picture! Tiny almost dog toy sized! Returning and wanted a refund.
Don't waste your money  Doesn't work.  Don't waste your money.  Was very disappointed!
Not what I thought  Every place I saw this monkey it screamed when it flew--well this one didn't--I thought they all did====guess I was wrong----I usually go to amazon after i see something on another site--well I was fooled this time
It was jus to small,....Good product, I was just wanting a bigger one for my daughter.
NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!!  Much smaller than I thought .  Very disappointed!  It did not say 5" in the product description at time of purchase .  It's like something you would get from a claw machine .  Save your money !
When I got mine his eyes were jacked up bad haha
says it's 8 inches but more like 5-6 inches  Much smaller than expected, says it's 8 inches but more like 5-6 inches, not worth the money in my opinion
Good doll but the hair tangles after awhile. Our daughter about lost a finger because of it.  Our daughter loves this. Great little doll for her and it was almost what we wanted. Our daughter likes to pull on her own hair and she was getting kind of bad with it. Even to the point of removing her own hair and causing a small bald patch. So we bought this and for awhile she had been pulling on the dolls hair instead. It was working fantastically except for this one time we heard her screaming like she hasn't done before. My wife runs up there and has to yell down for me to come help. Somehow she had managed to wrap the little hairs of this thing around one of her tiny fingers and it had a death grip on her finger. The tip of her finger was obviously in distress and we had to get the scissors out to try and remove it but it was quite difficult. The hair on the doll tangles quite a bit and you should probably take care with little children if you give this to them. We have since removed the doll from her crib, now trying to find something else that won't try to remove our daughter's finger. Sucks though because she really did like this for the month or so we've had it.
Doll mix up  The dolls are ok for the price. I returned because we received two Strawberry Shortcake dolls and no Lemon.
Sunny. * REVIEW UPDATED *  I LOVE this game and have for a long time. My daughter now plays it on the iPad and loves it. Sunflower is her favorite and now she wants to collect them all. Got here fast and was a good price. And was as described. She loves it, so I`m happy. Thanks!  That WAS my review until I started getting harassing emails from the seller. Messaging me telling me I did NOT leave feedback when I did on June 11th. And trying to tell me I HAVE to leave positive feedback. It was positive. But I will not be told what I can and cannot say. So now, the feedback is negative. I told this person well at least 5 times I left feedback and am still getting harassing emails. There is nothing wrong with the product and got here in a good time period and my daughter was happy. But now I AM NOT HAPPY and will NEVER be buying from this seller again. I do not appreciate being told what I need to rate my experience. And do NOT appreciate being harassed.
music box inside was not anchored so it is hard to push it correctly (especially for child) to make it sing.
Too small for the price
Too expensive  Way Too expensive!
This pillow was not as discribed, it was. Sent back as it was four inches tall
The ears do not stand up like in the picture  The ears do not stand up like in the picture. They flop back. You can't really tell its an Eevee unless someone holds the ears up.
was easily sewn though  Had a tear in it, was easily sewn though. Good price.
Toddler toy?  It's name is bad banana and it's exposing itself. How is this for kids are considered a toddler toy?
What a crappy toy  This toy is really small and just boring ....my grandson never even glances at it. The dog steals his other toys....never even attemps to steal this one...it's that boring.
I feel the description is off on the product.  When shaken it does nothing.  It is one of those pull and vibrate toys which my babes we're never fond of.  I was hoping it would rattle or something similar.  I am usually all for Taggies toys but this one disapointed.  I decided to return it.
Not what I ordered  It does not look like the pictured item and it doesn't even look like an authentic Yoshi. It looks like a knock-off. I'm very disappointed because it took a long time to come and what I got was not what I paid for.
Good idea. Doesn't work as advertised  Yes it walks, talks and sings, but it doesn't follow at all. His mouth is not closed like in the pictures or videos we saw so it barely moves with the words. He goes on and on saying the same things over and over, goes through batteries like nobody's business, and gets stuck on the wall or chair and just keeps rambling and running in place. And of course Santa brought it so it's not like I can return it. I checked the package and the try me feature when it arrived and it looked good, but you'd have no way of knowing how poorly it worked without taking it out of the package. Very disappointed in this purchase.
MIDLEADING PIC! MINE WAS MISSING PARTS!  Took a long time to arrive, and then it was completely MISSING the flames that come out the side of its mouth...some loose stitches look like there were some there at one point, but they were not included in the bag! Very dissppointed.
This didn't meet my expectations. It suppose to be made by Little Buddy but it's not. The Luigi Plush look much better than the imitation Mario plush which is made by Good Stuff and price is 3x the price of Luigi. I expect the real thing, the one made by " Little Buddy". Thank You! Gladys
Ordered this product and it was no where near the picture. The animals including: 2 horses and 2 cow
Disappointed in price from this vendor  This is a great doll, but it cost $45.99 through Enchanted Days.  The matching Max doll (same size/materials/quality/both with CD and book) was offered by two different vendors on Amazon, one selling for $31.50 and free shipping and another selling for 24.99 plus 6.70 shipping. I telephoned Enchanted Days to inquire why their Ruby doll cost $14.00 more than the Max doll. I thought that perhaps the Ruby doll was mis-priced.  However, Enchanted Days did not bother to return my telephone call.  I can understand a slight price difference, but $14.00 seems excessive. It is unfortunate that both dolls (Max and Ruby) weren't available from either of the lower priced vendors. Of course it was my choice to go ahead and buy the very expensive Ruby doll, since anyone familiar with the Max and Ruby Show knows that these dolls make a nice set.
I was looking forward for this toy for my daughter. However it's ugly! One eye was larger than the other one, weird looking. I'm sending it back.
It's okay.  The pokeball is cute, but the color got off.
Awful quality and one size fits none  Awful quality  and one size fits none
This product is a very big disappointment! It is grossly over priced. I intend to return it, Mac
Cheap, don't buy, sent back. Cost to much..
Disappointed!  We got this as a Christmas gift for our 2 year old daughter. I have no complaints about the quality of the manufacturing or the speed of shipping. However, my daughter will not have anything to do with this toy. She feels that Daisy is sad, and given the expression on the face of this doll I'd have to agree with her. It is not something that caught my attention as an adult, but it was her first reaction when she opened it Christmas morning. I'm not sure why this toy was given this expression, but my daughter finds it upsetting!
Was smaller then expected.  Voice box is of low quality you have to put it to your ear to hear to hear it.
fell apart too easily.
Cute but...  It's cute but mine must have been from a bad batch or slipped thru QC.  If I give this one to a child, he/she will be disappointed because the ears and mouth are pointed.  Head is slim and should be big and round.  This one looks more like a teddy bear and nothing like the real Boo dog or the plush one pictured.
Stitching arlready coming apart when received!  We returned this.  The stitching in the neck area had already started coming apart before we got it. The quality was not there.  I thought this might be a fluke. I started the process to return this as there was already a hole in the neck area where the stitching had already came apart. Unfortunately when we started the return there was not option to get a replacement only for a refund which further disappointed the 9 year old child this was originally for.  So we ended up having to get a refund and something else.  Disappointed in the quality!
incorrect size, cheaply made...  Size is incorrect and shipping took way too long. This guy is only maybe about 8 inches, not 15... also it is cheaply made. Could have won a better one out of an arcade claw machine
Item received was a light pink, not the purple Minnie Mouse as pictured.
the stickers were smaller than they appear but what makes me give them 2 stars is the quality.  Every time we would try to take one off the paper it would break apart.
Do not buy this.  This looks very cheap.  I am unhappy with this purchase and would recommend that you look elsewhere for an Elmo.
great toy but was dissapointed in quality  My infant loved this toy, but we were so dissapointed when after 6 months it stopped working.  My younger brother used to have one of these when he was an infant and the quality just isn't the same. I am hoping it was just a defctive product since i have read so many good reviews. I am still debating if i should buy another one and give it another try. Was very dissapointed with this purchase.
Not a mini but a key chain  No where in description does it say Keychain. The item bought should have been a mini not a Keychain...please see picture. The item is labeled as 3.5 but not even 3 inches long.
The product I received was a knock off version of the doll. It does not look as pictured and the tag says DJ Sooki instead of Poppy. It is now too late in the year to even get another one because they are sold out in every store.
Sad.  It isn't the same one pictured.  THe eyes are the angry version, and the ears are different.  This is a Christmas gift and I won't be able to get another in time.  Sad.
cut I thought it would be bigger.  Not worth the price!
This thing sheds its fur worse than a real animal!  This is a very poor quality product for the price.  The fur sheds VERY EASILY.  The Ewok model is the same.  Very disappointed for the price they charge.  Yes, it's the same exact model Disney sells in their parks.
I think my grandson will just love him for Easter
alot smaller than I thought  I know it says 41" but it just seems tiny.  It's very skinny and will be inadequate for what I wanted to use it for.
pointless toy  this just wasn't what i thought it would be. my son has played with it maybe twice. it just sits in his room & will most likely be shoved in a garbage sack & give to good will in the next month or two. save your money. dumb toy!
Not a giant monkey  Just got the monkey today. I was not satisfied. Looked alot bigger in the picture
Not 12" at all, TINY, not the same as in pic  The quality of this toy is very disappointing and I would not recommend it to anyone at all. First of all, the actual size is MUCH SMALLER than 12". I measured it carefully with a tape measure, even if I stretched the toy and all the hair on it, it's 9" at most. 12" is definitely false advertising and had I known it's 9" I wouldn't have bought it. Secondly, it's different from the picture. The color of the unicorn is not as bright white as it's shown in the pic. It's a bit dark and doesn't look cute or clean. Anyway, I don't think I'll bother contact the seller or return for less than $20 stuffed animal, and I think a lot of customers will be like me. That's why the seller can make money even being sneaky. Trust me - keep your money in your pocket and buy a real 12" unicorn elsewhere, it's not worth it here.
Made in China and the quality is not the greatest.  Not quite what I expected. Made in China and the quality is not the greatest.
Ribbons came off within 4 days of daughter having it.  They were just glued on.
Thing doesn't even work when it arrives  Bought this toy for my nephew because it sang when pressed. Didn't even work when it arrived. Pretty disappointed. Waste of money. Cool backpack keychain I guess.
Very sad.  The box for her was damaged like someone tried to open it, her hair is all messed up in the front and the box has sticky stuff on the front. I am on leave for maternity and our budget is tight and I cant afford nor have time to get a new one. I was very excited to get this for a friend and now Im in the dumps. Very disappointed.
don't waste your money here  <div id="video-block-R38HT8ZTLZWSUL" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Y0UTXU3KS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/21umoQ8-WWS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Just letting everyone know...there was once a point in time where this was the official plush...I luckily had bought it during that time and it is the sanshee plush. Now its just a bunch of bootleg plushes or the funko one..don't waste your money here..the official one is on amazon though if you look hard enough
Not happy  Very dissatisfied!!! Was not working so I opened the singing part and it fell apart in my hands.
Only lasted 2 weeks  I bought this item for my niece who has out of town.  When she got it she was so excited but after two weeks, the pet stopped working.  We changed the batteries 3 times and no changes.  This was my first and last purchased in Amazon as I just learned that I can not return it anymore.  I am really dissapointed.  This was really an awful experience.
I think it is a shame to increase the price of this item, when so many people ordered them. You will now loose so much business, it is literally the talk in all social media groups.
Not 21 Inches!  This is misleading! This doll is NOT 21 inches as it says in the description. It's 17.5 inches to the top of Tiana's hair.  I was expecting this to be the same plush princess dolls that you find in the Disney store that are 21 inches but this is much smaller.  Disappointed. Returning it.
Did Not get Gloworm that's Pictured here :(  Did not get the Glow Worm that is pictured. Got a much cheaper feeling and sounding glow worm. Light does not stay on as long, toy is not as soft and plush, speaker is poor and music sounds crackling and poor quality. Very disappointed in this product received, Glowworm is a favorite for my daughter and son and I was replacing my daughters 3 year old one that has faded away, the old however plays better than the new one I received but no longer lights up.
too small
I ordered this set of six flowers and only received one.  =-(
Not at all what is describes. It says eleven inches.  It sits hardly at 6.....dissapointed.
Continuously talks repeating  itself. Not much fun to separate the Velcro parts as it is tied all in one with a string
Fake! Fake! Fake! Do not buy!  Fake crappy quality! Item received is different than what's in the picture. It's not official Sanei like it claims to be. Buyer beware!
Don't purchase.  I would not recommend these.  They only play a fraction of each song. I got the easy open packaging, which consists of a plain brown cardboard box that is taped shut.  I could have dealt with that, but when the thing only played such a short while, I just could not give it as a baby gift.  I am very disappointed.  The blue one that I ordered, in the same type of packaging, had a deformed/squished face.  I am returning both.
A bit small  Smaller than expected
Cheap Cheap imitation  This doesn't look like a troll doll at all--looks even worse in person. My granddaughter was so excited to get a Troll doll--but man her face changed when she looked at it--she said it was ok but I know she was disappointed and it is soo small--another waste of money.
Its only 1 flower add is misleading.
loud and cheap.  went straight into the donations bin.
Firstly I thought this toy would make a wonderful toy for my 2yr old due to his love of Elmo and his reaction to seeing the toy at a local store.  Unfortunately this was not the case.  I believe it is due to the lack of imagination in the design.  The torso of this Elmo toy is a hard plastic cone making it less snuggly then other Elmo offerings.  The hat challenges are redundant ("Press Elmo's nose 10 times 1..2..3 etc Yay you pressed Elmos nose 10 times!") I guess that I am more disappointed due to my expectations of helping my son have a wonderful Christmas, sadly this toy did not deliver.  Thankfully other toys caught his interest immediately.
Terrible  Terrible! The little music box inside was not in securely and a child could choke on it. Also when you press on it it did not work
Don't Like Doll..!  The doll was an ordinary doll...it wasn't what I expected.
Don't buy them  1 star is too good for them. I received 1 dolphin out of the 24. The thing is barely 2 inches let along 3 as the described.
Mediocre quality  I received groudon yesterday and once I opened the package I was very disappointed. The quality of the toy itself left much to be desired.  The seams were very visible all around his body, one of the funds on his head was stitched incorrectly,  where the seams pulled the cloth around it did not like up correctly, etc... The only thing worth noting about this plush is that it is Groudon, nothing more, nothing less.  Severerly disappointing and won't be purchasing any kind of plush like this for a long while.
Carnival toy  The black felt is very thin and cracked & fell off within minutes. Also thin material and stitching. I warned my son ahead of time that the quality wouldn't be the same as the store product. It was much worse than I anticipated. I would let recommend this product to anyone.
For this toy and the price it isn't a good toy aswell.
NOT AS PICTURED!!!!! I am sending back!!!  Item is NOT as pictured! I was trying to replace the one my dog chewed on and the one in the picture is the same model #. The one I received is 18 month+ and has hard eyes. It also seems to be lesser quality than the one I am replacing.
Cheaply made  Lasted one use until water got in and it no longer lights up.
My sick 2 yr old is so sad!!  Soft, cute.. DOESN'T WORK PROPERLY!! VERY UPSET!! MY 2 YEARS OLD IS SO SAD!! HE IS SICK AND I BOUGHT IT TO BRING HIM HOLIDAY CHEER AND SMILES ...
missing tooth  while my son loves this toy, it came with a missing tooth. As it was coming from overseas, I believe it should of been checked prior to sending, rather than giving us the used  one.
nice but no smile.  The neck was too extended. Looked more like Big Bird in blue.
I was suppose to receive all four and only received two.
did not get item  well got nothing from these ppl so cant give them any good review. tryed contacting them no responds. what a waste of money :(
Manufactured and shipped directly from China  The toys came much earlier than quoted BUT the Amazon entry shows By "Generic" then ATM Fashion World. The purchase confirmation shows sold by "Fine Find". There is no disclosure that the toys are manufactured in and shipped directly from China. I realize that many toys are manufactured overseas but when they are shipped directly from China to a customer, there is no US company overseeing the manufacturing and verifying that toxic materials are not present in the toys. This is a major concern when the toy is for a three year old child would will cuddle the toy and most likely want to sleep with it. I am very disappointed that the true source of manufacturing was not divulged and will return the items unopened. My grandson would be thrilled with his own Peppa toy but I can't, in good conscience, allow him to play with it.
Not a talking doll  Was not the talking one
I waste My money  I waste My money...The furby never talking. The sound not work is very very bad... The quality  is Poor. Never buy this toy
Mine looks horrible. See the picture attached  Mine looks horrible. See the picture attached.  The only reason I'm not giving this a 1/5 rating is because it came with a Mudkip plush that looks OK... but that's not what I ordered at all.
SO NOT WORTH IT.  It doesn't even look cute and is deformed. Plus the stitching is so poorly done it's hilarious. Sadly, i do not have a photo, but i am telling the truth as one of the buyers of this nasty product. do not let that cute picture fool you. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PICHU!
Great item but horrible packing. plushie arrived completely crushed
Wrong Dimensions listed.  The dimensions listed are absolutely incorrect. It is half the size of the stated 10 x 12 x 6 inches. I am very disappointed with the listing here and what I received
It was torn in the back when it arrived. Also the material is shorter on one side effectively giving Tigger a permanent bent neck.
I was so excited about this toy but when my daughter opened it on Christmas it wasn't working right. We called the company that made it and they sent us a new remote which took a few weeks.  Then the new remote did not help at all. Called again and they stated they would send a new olaf but again would take a few weeks.  Well a few weeks went buy and no new olaf. Called again and was told that there was a defect and that would take 6-8 weeks! Needless to say my daughters Christmas present was a bust and if I wouldn't have called I would have never known!
Are you serious?!?  I ordered this for my sisters boyfriend in November expecting a delivery before Christmas yet it came in January 2nd? Not only that but it wasn't even oshawott it was a jirachi plush that looks like it was made by a child. Massive waste of money and scam. DO NOT BUY!
Broken hearted kiddos  Heartbroken kiddos.  This was my sons gift to his little brother for Christmas.  First order we placed we got the wrong cat. Second order came in correctly, but the cat broke in two days time. Now I have two broken hearted kiddos. Not cool!
Only 3 inches tall, very misleading  Product was MUCH smaller than pictured, not at all worth the price and description was very misleading. I returned it
Toy is cute but not happy with its condition  The toy is cute and works.... But there were corroded batteries inside the toy. I had to scrape out all the corrosive material. It works but I would never have the nerve to charge $125 for a toy that was either not new or was left for a very long time with the manufacturers batteries inside! Very disappointed! Will never order from vendor again:
A good stocking stuffer  Cute but very small.. A good stocking stuffer.. I would not buy it again..
Very disappointed this is just a tiny thing. I don't know how they got 6".
Sent wrong plush toy!!!  I ordered one d'lish donut, one kooky plush and one Lippy lips plush toy. I received two Lippy lips and one Kooky. Needless to say I'm a tad disappointed. My daughter's birthday is in two days, which doesn't give me enough time to return/exchange the wrong item. Also, they look smaller than 8 inches... I'd guess about 6 inches.
Five Stars  Sweiously tripling the price??! This was such a good buy until now, sorry to say I will not be purchasing more
Received Treasure Cat from Alice and Wonderland. Haven't heard a response.
Not the real Dreamworks doll  This is not the real Dreamworks doll.  It's very small and too skinny.  Stitching is coming apart and the counterfeit tag says DJ Suki and when the doll is actually Branch.
poor example of a teaching tool  not enough things to teach the child, not worth the money
Did not look like picture at all. And for the price. Dont buy this product.
Baby's First Christmas?!  Bought this for my 5-year-old. It was the ONE present she wanted from Santa this year. How disappointing it was to find that it says "Baby's 1st Christmas' on it. Otherwise the toy is very soft and good quality. The nose lights up when the foot is pressed and it sings a verse of 'Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer'.
The quality is not good
it's very very small.
Will Not WorkWith Kendles  One word Corporate Crap~!,  My headline tells you what the manufacture should on all advertisements and labeling, (but they don't).  Bought 3 for my girls, They seem to like it but are not happy it is not compatible with their Kindles.  So they only get half the abilities of the toy due to the Despite Amazon selling the toy it will not work on their operating system App only compatible with the Droid and Apple products.
Not well made  As several other reviewers have noted, this unicorn is not made very well.  This was a Christmas present, and within 3 days, it got its first hole I needed to mend.  Had to explain to my 6 year old that Santa's elves must have been in a rush to complete it?  Within a few weeks, it had gotten 3 more holes that needed mending.  If this is the only thing out there in your budget, then I would caution you to get it only if you can be sure you can mend it...as it will need it!  Cute and fun otherwise.  I think that my daughter is not overly hard on this, I would say average use.  No rough stuff, it just doesn't hold up, unfortunately.
I just don't know.
piece of crap.  Got water inside and stopped working after one use.
So disappointed  Should have read the other reviews.... Was massively disappointed to receive only one when the picture shows two. Also I loved the ladybug one and ended up with the caterpillar :( and they don't shake very loudly, much softer sound than I expected.
not soft
Not What I See  She's quite flat, actually. The tufts of fur are flat, as well as the tail, instead of how fuller they look in the picture. She looks much smaller, and I found a different picture on Amazon that looks like what I bought, for $12. I won't complain much, seems everyone else got what they paid for, and I'm sure the shop is otherwise great. I'll get a different birthday present. The other one: <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Generic-Espurr-Feline-Pokemon-X-Y-Plush-Soft-Toy-Stuffed-Animal-Grey-Cat-Generation-Vi-7-34/dp/B013XFH09M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Generic Espurr Feline Pokemon X Y Plush Soft Toy Stuffed Animal Grey Cat Generation Vi 7"</a>
Did not look the product in the advertisement. Not pleases at all, will have to buy it again at toy store because this product was not what i expected when ordered.
Meh  Not the squirtle I wanted but will do. :b
Not As Described in the Description  The description said 7" x 8" x 7" and the sunflower was 5.9 inches which includes the petals.  I guess we can argue if it is truly 6" or not.  I buy plush a lot and there is a difference quality between 5" and 7".  And, a 9" just looks awesome.  But I am really not happy with the purchase at all.  The seller either misrepresented the item or I got the wrong size.  My kid got the box before me and cut off the tags so returning it was not an option.  Will not recommend seller and will be sure not buy from again because I really hate bad descriptions.
Evil  We ordered the Fennekin pictured above, we received the most evil looking toy ever! Not as pictured! Looks like a cheap carnival prize. My 9 year old waited for a month for this as ours came from China.
Eh ...kind of hard to push Elmo's belly !  Not impressed with this one.
$25. 00 you've got to be kidding me.  $25.00 you've got to be kidding me.
Meh quality  It looks cooler in the picture than what it will when you get it
no dan la informacion del tamao y es muy pequeo  es muy pequeo, no es lo que ofrecen.
Broken  The product I received was broken and they weren't able to replace it with a new one.  Very disappointed!
Six inches is a stretch.  It is very small!!! Maybe if the legs are stretched, it's 6.
The doll looks cheaply made.
NOT WORTH IT.  NOT WORTH IT. This thing is tiny. Like, could fit in the palm of my hand. This was WAY too expensive. I don't recommend unless you're buying for an infant.
Not official but still cute  This is definitely a knock off, still cute. The Shadow Freddy plush we received is smaller and has buttons.  Shipping took about 3-4 weeks.
Tight packaging wrecks the toy.  This stuffed toy came so twisted and deformed it can barely stand up on its own. The head does not turn with any ease without fear of tearing product..
Not made very good  Very unhappy with product looks nothing like picture and when we opened box had a hole in it. My son was very disappointed
meh  Is difficult to replace parts and the material is cheap.  difcil de recolocar os braos e pernas alm do material utilizado ser barato.
explanation  Expected something much different.  For the price, toy too small!  My granddaughter was scared of it, and she loves Barney.  I think the toy was a bit too hard too.
This hat is cute but enormous. My son is 12. It does not fit. Will be sending back.
I am sure my niece will love this Talking Elmo when she receives it next week.
very small
Anorexic Elmo  This Elmo was smaller than expected and was skinnier than any other I have seen. Ifound others that were larger and fuller bodied for a similar price. I returned this one.
Not 9" & cheap looking!!!  Got this for my granddaughter for Christmas due to her mother is a huge fan of the movie! I was super disappointed by the innaccurate size & the fact that it looked like something youd win @ a carnival or chucky cheese! Too mad to return it & her mother liked it so we kept it...doesnt make me any less ticked off!!!
not as advertised!  Beware, potential buyers -- this Elmo is not as advertised. The Elmo that was delivered is much different-looking than in the listing. According to the picture, it's a very short-haired Elmo that looks true to the character. What arrived, however, was an ugly Elmo doll with fuzzier 'hair'. Most notably, the face is also different and even a little scary. (I will post pictures.) Also, the quality is very bad, with some of his hair missing and exposing the underneath stitching.  Previously, I've purchased an Elmo just like in the picture. It's the authentic Fisher-Price version. The one that was delivered, however, is a knock-off, with the Nanco brand. It is definitely not the same, and it's certainly not what I was led to believe I was purchasing. It's ugly, and it's not the real Elmo. I have even more reason to return it because this is for my child's friend's birthday present, and I certainly can't give her this ugly, fake Elmo.  I will have to eat the restock fee, but it's worth it. Do yourself a favor and find the real, authentic Fisher-Price doll. This is not the one. Shame on ABC Toys for falsely advertising.
these cards can be both useful and a problem  If you're a fan of card games, these cards can be both useful and a problem, depending on how you use them.  If all you want is the in-game pets, there are less expensive ways to get them. The in-game pets are adorable; they fly when you do, and also sometimes they'll take wing when you're on a ground mount. I got mine from the Blizzard Gear Store for $25 each, and I got an adorable plush doll of each critter to hug in the real world. Much better pricing.
dose not look like the picture no ribbons not anything like picture very dissatified
I received something much smaller than 70cm, unfortunately. It is a cute plush, too be sure, but not the size that is described.
Super small
Way too expensive for such a small item  Way too expensive for such a small item, plus $5 shipping
A lot smaller than anticipated for the price
... never posted my other review because I said DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this doll  They never posted my other review because I said DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this doll. So small you'll be embarred to give as a gift!!!!!!! Not a good size  at all . NEVER AGAIN
Average stuffed toy. Excessively overpriced.  Cute stuffed toy.  Overpriced by about $40.
small and plain  if it had 3dementional eyes it would have been perfect.
Overpriced for what it does.  My four year old lost interest in it almost immediately.
Cute, but poorly constructed  The pull apart options are cute, but one false pull and our Olaf was completely decapitated. Poor guy, like Humpty Dumpty, we couldn't put Olaf together again.
Tiny!  Tiny! Tiny! It's about 8" if you bend the ears up and tail down! NOT WORTH PRICE!
Gizmo, more like Giz-NO (I'm so clever)  I read all the reviews for this little Gizmo and it sounded like about half of the people had bad luck, and the other half were fine with the product.  I happen to be part of the half that had bad luck.  He doesn't look anything like the picture or Gizmo from the movies.  His fur was plastered with glue around one eye, his feet, his ears, and his hands.  So plastered, I couldn't cut it or brush it out to make it look normal.  He's tiny, like beanie baby (remember those?) tiny.  The description said 6 inches tall but he's definitely not.  My Gizmo was very lucky in the sense that one leg was about an inch longer than the other, so he looked extra busted. Fur fell out everywhere, does he have mange?  Everything he touched, he left a wad of fuzz.  I would deal with the quality if I had paid roughly one dollar for him, but sadly, I did not.  I bucked up and bought the singing Gizmo and even though it is the same company, the quality is amazingly better.  He's super cute and looks like the real deal.  Do not get this Gizmo, pay the difference and get the other one.  I'm awaiting my refund as we speak...
Confusing listing for item.  Your ad was very confusing. It said "assortment of 4"  We received only one horse and were expecting  four plush horses.
I ordered this as a plush and got a little toy. The item discription is very inaccurate!
The Pikachu is not like a picture  The Pikachu I received is not like the picture. It has a cord with a suction cup to hang from a window at the top of its head, and is very small. Also it has a very low quality in the texture.
Dodgy stitching  I love the film "How to Train Your Dragon" and was thrilled to find this little stuffed animal of my favourite dragon, Toothless. When I received him, though, I realized that whoever stitched this Toothless did an awful job. His seams don't match up, which makes his body slightly twisted. His wings are uneven and flimsy; if you bend the wire in the wings, it doesn't really stay. The craftsmanship on this toy is just really awful, which is too bad. I still love my Toothless, but I wish he was put together better.
pricey for what you get  My kids requested Toopy and Binoo suffies for christmas so i ordered 3 sets.  Disappointed in the quality of them and to find out they are attached!!!  I was thinking it was 2 seperate characters...not worth the money, sure hope the kids are ok with them!
It's alright I guess...  After looking at the pictures on here it looks like they sewed the mouth on upside down, and all around in the sides it's sewed together uneven, like whoever made this thing rushed and wasn't paying attention. It's kinda disappointing but I can't really say I'm surprised. If I saw it in a store or something I wouldn't have bought it...
crap didn't include shield disc thing  Ordered 2 of the diarrhea because of my chronic diarrhea problem. I'd planned on keeping one for myself & giving the other one to my gastroenterologist when I have a procedure done this month. Everyone gave this great reviews, so I couldn't resist. When the mailman handed me the small package, I thought he made a mistake, because I was expecting to receive everything in the pictures. The round shield with "microbes" attached to it was not included! It is shown with some other plush microbes toys. The description needs to say that you only get the plush. They were in the same bubble envelope without baggies. They look like prizes you win in the claw machine at Wal-Mart. Definitely not worth $10. If they had come with the round shield & arranged for gift giving, they would have gotten 5 stars. I had mentioned in email that one was going to be a gift. I will make a mental note to from now on to ask what all is included before purchasing anything. The information is on an attached card, but is not the cute rhyme listed in description. That $20 could have been a week's worth of groceries
It doesn't have to be this complicated, Elmo.  Elmo harasses my kid for a drink. He gives him the drink, and literally 3 seconds later he tells you he has to potty. And there's a VERY short time to get your stuff together and help Elmo to get to the potty, before he pees himself and sings his song about having an accident. Which my not quite 2 year old, now recognizes as audible failure. My son, not wrongly, thinks that if he can get Elmo's pants down and upright on the potty, that that should be enough. But it's not. You have to get his pants down the entire way, and have sitting so perfectly upright on the potty that it requires 2 hands. One on his legs, the other on his giant ball eyes. So even when you make it under the buzzer, he still sings his song of failure.
Much smaller then expected.
Not worth what I paid
Poor craftsmanship  Ear sewn on backwards, left front hoof ripped.  Poor craftsmanship!
Fake freaky Eevie  I so wanted to give this to my daughter for her birthday, but when we opened it, the Eevie that was sent looks nothing like the picture or the character. It is so freaky and was already falling apart.
Wrong photo and expensive once I noticed it was a different product.  The Stitch shown in the picture is Disney's mini plush First Edition and I received the one you can find now at any Disney Store or online at just $9.95. If it's your first Stitch and you never had the previous version maybe you won't care, but if you can compare them you will find that the new one has design differences and less quality/details and thats why I didn't care paying more money. I was looking for the previous version because my little daughter just likes that edition and doesn't recognize the new one as the Stitch she loves, so I was very happy I could find someone selling it. Unfortunately I received the new version at a higher price and sold with a wrong Picture.
Cute but tiny  My Grandson asked me if I could buy this for him, we were both shocked at how tiny it is for the cost, we thought it would be the size of a small pillow, it fits in the palm of your hand like a ball. He does like it but the price is too high! My fault as it does say the size.
not happy I didn't read the description better  thought this was a bigger plush doll for the price. not happy I didn't read the description better. cute but little. not worth 15.
Not sure what this is, even.....  It's a piece of over-priced junk, but one of my sons bought it for his girlfriend and she loved it, so It must be okay.
She's OK
Bad quality, high price  I got the toy for my daughter as she had a similar from when she was born, but lost it. The quality of this toy is awful! Do not wast your money on this product.
disappointed  why I rated it  not even one star  a 1/2  I was very disappointed  I thought it would be very small not big I returned it last summer and it should of been flixable  this I would not recommend
It was way too small for the price
Waste of money  Gave as a gift. When went to use it the voice was inaudible. Changed batteries and the same thing. My child has recently fell in love with Sully so this gift was supposed to be a great one but turned into a dud.
This item was barely 12 inches long instead of the description of 18 inches!
Deceiving  This item is deceptive. It was shipped with absolutely no balls at all. The details indicate there are 25 balls included. I am extremely disappointed. I ordered this as a gift, but it was no fun with no balls. Bag is great but order was not complete
Age range?  I like how the toy looks, it is from nice material, but my niece pinched her finger in one of the buckles trying to close. She basically closed but a bit of her skin in, it was painful to watch. Idk is it the toy or the age range, my niece is 2.5 years old
Sad!  Very unhappy!  Large hole near puppets tail!
No NASA logo  I thought it had the NASA logo.  It does have the spot for it.  Definitely not worth $10 then...
A 3 dollar toy  This bunny is a rip off. Its fur is cheap and it is tiny- only about 5 inches tall. It is a 3 dollar toy.  I have to keep it bc my daughter loves all stuffies and has already adopted him as one of the family, but this item is way overpriced. Conversely, the Aurora stuffed animals available on Amazon are probably the best quality I've ever seen- get one of those instead.
Not satisfied!!  Very disappointed with this product. The size of it on TV is extremely misleading, it's like a false advertisement. I thought it was going to be much bigger and deeper in person. The high price that I paid for it is definitely not worth the disappointment !
Poor quality. I misread the description and thought that it was a 16-inch toy; would not have spent the money for such a small item.
DUD  Purchased this for my grandson's birthday. Did not work when we got it. Sent back along with the chewbacka  unit which didn't . I would not recommend this item.
Absolute crap. Seams are loose  Absolute crap.  Seams are loose, arms hanging on by a thread.  This is NOT official Pokmon center merchandise.  Mine doesnt even match the picture on the listing.
Save your money  Stitching was off
Don't waste your money  This was a total waste of money. Barneys voice sounds like a munchkin from The Wizard of Oz. It creeps out my son.  He won't even look at it. Very disappointed. I should have just drove down to Toys R Us and bought the real thing.
eyes are on the back side of the head
no chegou ainda
i bought this for my sister, she loves it alot but  the thing is for 20$.... thats expensive for such a tiny thing.... my zero one wasn't much but... wow... 20$ for scrump...
Felt more like a cheap carnival toy than what the price suggest  This item is small.  I know it says it is 7 inches but it is thin and felt flimsy. Felt more like a cheap carnival toy than what the price suggest.
Awful product, awful design- of course the little one loves it.  As a parent, I hate this product.  The design is awful- the batteries are difficult to put in and do not stay in place, which causes the toy to stop speaking almost immediately after turning it on.  While this issue can be fixed with some effort, the required four AA batteries lasted about a day before expiring with just moderate use.  Additionally, Elmo's head and arms are hard in places, meaning that even passing the toy can cause an injury, especially with younger toddlers who can be a bit more careless. The head is so hard it can literally be used to build houses.  Sadly, after the one day of use, Elmo stopped talking for reasons unknown, so for us the "Big Hugs" functionality is no longer. The only thing that keeps me from returning this item is the fact that I would immediately go from being "dad" to "that man who returned my Elmo toy" to my child.  Our child loves the toy simply because it is Elmo, but as a parent I sort of wish that I hadn't bothered with this.
Was much smaller then expected.
Disappointed  The toys are too big and the sound chip is too small so the dog can not activate the sound. One of the angry birds did not even work. Totally disappointing.
Worth maybe $15 tops.  Very cheap quality.  Wow - based on ratings, I thought these would be very nice.  I guess my expectations were too high.  First of all, they are small, like maybe 4-5 inches tall and the fabric quality/stitching on par with the toys you win for knocking down bottles at a carnival  No doubt my son would have been thrilled with these if he'd seen them, because lets face it.  They're minions and they are cute, but I would maybe pay $15 for the set, not $38  (I see they've raised the price to $41 now!)
Not waterproof!  This toy is not waterproof! The first time into the tub and water got into the battery compartment and ruined it. Definitely returning!
A lot smaller than expected!
Wish I read more on this toy!  My one year old grandson love the movie of Lorax. However this is not a plush toy it is a beanie toy not suitable for a One year old toddler. What a disappointment. I was embarrassed that my one year old grandson gifts was a total bust since none of his things was what I expected. I was completely disappointed with this purchase.
It had beans in the bottom which it doesn't state in the description. I was disappointed that it had the beans and would not have ordered it had it stated so in the directions.  A bit disappointed, but it was cute!
Shouldn't  of  bought.
Fake knock off.  Does not close around your waist like the originals from Disney.  This is not the original.  There is no strap to close the feet around your waist.  This is a terrible knock off.  Don't waste your money.  Total JUNK!!!!!
Ugly  It doesn't look like the item pictured and was mangled in shipping.
It came cross eyed. Had to return.
Weak toys  Its ok. The toys are weak and don't work as they should but my kids still play with it. I would order from these people again. I think I can better quality from here in the USA
Questionable  His coat was torn in a few places. I did not try to return it as I felt it would be more of hassle and I needed it so I didn't really have time for a return/exchange. He's cute, but it wasn't the quality I expected.
Unofficial  Unofficial plush, bad purchase
HELLO SHE IS CROSS-EYED!  WHY DOES NO ONE NOTICE SHE IS CROSS-EYED!!! Its impossible to not notice because I have been a fan for 17 years and I have studied her eyes closely. I often draw her, and never are the small circles in the middle facing each other, that makes her cross-eyed. Other than that they forgot her earrings and moons on her boots. and they DID give Mars and Venus earrings!. Its not my favorite Sailor Moon plush, i seen so much better ones, the material is also cheep like bootleg plushies often use , but its a licensed plush so wth..?? I wish they'd remake her in a larger size and better quality, then all will be forgiven ..poor Usagi is now Sailor Derp Moon. Oh well nice try GE, most less die-hard fans and kids won't notice the flaws but I know better.
cheaply made  My daughter was so excited to get this figurine. It finally came after several long weeks. She was so excited until she opened it up and saw how small it is. She picked it up, and immediately the arm came off. Now I have a seven year old in tears. This is a complete rip off. We are incredibly disappointed.
This was a disappointing purchase; much smaller than I wanted
Came in a non-retail box, as others have pointed out. Unsure if a knockoff or legitimate. Seeing as it was intended to be a gift, we returned it.
Not worth your money.  This thing is very sensitive making a, whoa, sound every time you touch it. Very annoying.
Not what I ordered  Although the title of the product clearly states "Star Wars R2-D2 Super Deformed Plush", it is not the "deformed" plush that I got.  It's a regular R2-D2 plush (no oversize head).  It's also about 6 inches (I could not find the size anywhere).  For the price I paid with shipping, it came out to $17.99.  It was not worth it.  Unfortunately, there is no R2D2 plush available in any of the stores I looked so if you really want one, I guess your stuck ordering online.  Just be aware that the description does not match the actual product and it's only 6 inches tall.
This is not black.  It is light grey :(  This is grey at best.  Definitely not black.
Screws to battery compartment totally stripped.  Seller NOT recommended!  This item arrived with screws completely stripped  - no way to open battery compartment to change batteries.  I assume the old ones are still trapped in there.  This was supposed to be a birthday present for my son.  Totally disappointed.  Seller NOT recommended.
Not happy with it at all  It was not what I thought I was ordering.  Not happy with it at all.
geez  omg everyone got them for 20 and trying to resell for 200+  lol
Completely disappointed! Sending back  Not as pictured, it is a windshield decoration. It has a string and suction cup on it. Completely disappointed! Sending back.
Package shown not included  Doesn't come in the packaging you see here.  They stick the doll in a plastic bag and shove it in an envelope.
DO NOT BUY THIS BEING OF SATAN  IT WILL WATCH YOU IT WILL TELL YOU SATANIC THINGS IT WILL TELL YOU THESE THINGS EVEN WITH THE BATTERIES OUT EVEN WITH THE FREAKIGN BATTERIES OUT  true story I had one, right, and when toys get used and we don't play with them anymore they go in the closet. Took out the batteries (i needed them), threw it in the closet and closed it. I think it was a month or so later i opened the closet only to find this LITTLE CRAPTARD STARING AT ME. IT THEN PROCEEDED TO SAY( WITHOUT ANY BATTERIES) "IM HUNGRY" "ITS DARK IN HERE" "WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME HERE" "IM REALLY ANGRY" and i kid you not i grabbed my crucifix then grabbed the furby with my lawn gloves, took it, stepped on it, then threw it in the garbage container and sealed it's fate. Never, i repeat, never buy this abomination created to spread Poltergeists.
No off button  This toy needs an off button. You have to shake it to switch cycles and if you want to sleep with it, I suggest you don't. When it rolls around it'll make noises which will scare the living crap out of people.
Nope... :(  Disappointing because the plastic 3 piece "support" tripod falls apart each time you stomp to launch the rocket.
Not as cute in person compared to the picture.
Scam  This product is terrible because it doesnt exist. This is the second time I idiotically ordered it thinking it got lost the first time. Just don't get it. Trust me
Light stopped working  I bought this twice - the first time, we loved it and only had to buy another because my son had gotten sick on the first one and you cannot wash it because the wires are sewn into the fabric.  So we bought a second one (it's so cute and my son loves that it lights up)!  The second one stopped working on its own after just a month or so - the singing part works but the light no longer comes on.  Changed the batteries and everything.
I'm very disappointed!  I'm very disappointed! I ordered 7 (seven) 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil Fuleco Plush with Suction Cup-5in (13cm) and I received only 1 (one).  Despite receiving a refund, I'm not happy!!!
NOT 15 INCHES TALL - ONLY 9  Very disappointed that this WAS NOT a 15 inch plush. Only 9 inches tall. He is very cute but not as advertised and described.
Audio component broken  The plush toy is cute as can be, however the audio (Olaf's voice) never worked from the day we received it.  Our son loved it and didn't want to send it back, so we just kept it - but I'm annoyed that the audio did not work.  Buyer beware.
Not good  This arrived looking nothing like the picture-- was very smooshed and cheaply made. Not happy with it at all-- I returned it.
I ordered the Giant Tumy stuffer and my daughter was dissapointed in the size.  Can not return as this was a present from Santa Claus.
Elmo is Evil  I bought this for my wife. She is a big fan of Elmo. I thought what could be the harm. Little did I know beneath this creature's fuzzy facade lies the heart of a beast. Oh, It's fun for a while. Those cute googly eyes and that open mouth set in a fashion that indicates a constant state of frolicking laughter. But
Very small dolls.  These dolls are very small! Very basic! Nothing too special. I don't think my 4 year old niece will mind though.
Super disappointed when I go this in the mail because the picture shows grandma with the wold, but it did not come with her in my order. Bought this to go with my daughter's Little Red Riding hood costume she is going to wear for her school Book Character Parade, Sadly, now she won't have the wolf and grandma to complete her look. I'm sending it back! The description needs to CLEARLY state that grandma is not included!
Quit working within two days of recieving  Very disappointing when Elmo quits talking after day two. No wonder he was on sale so cheap. Not impressed with the purchase.
It was lumpy and not actually round. Tried mushing it back into a round shape but it wouldn't go- returned it.
Martha Lucia Martinez  my rate is basically because the furby only worked for a week and then stopped talking, and I don't find support line or the mechanism to return or charge warranty.  Thank inform me as I do?
Although this doll is cute it is super small and does not have the correct name tag  I should have read the reviews before purchasing. Although this doll is cute it is super small and does not have the correct name tag.
The size in the pictures are very misleading
No happy  I bought two one for my son and one for my nephew. One was is terrible quality the other "okay" quality . The eyes and front legs were falling off one of them and I returned it. I thought if I spent the extra money this would be a quality stuffed animal. I was nervous giving my nephew his fox. Thankfully, my sister would be able to sew the eyes and arms back on in-case they came off, for they were loose to begin with. The picture misrepresented the type of filling that was in this animal. It looks as if there was some weight to the stuffed animal, but it is extremely light. I thought there would be some type of bean filling but was unpleasantly surprised. Out of all the foxes for sale from this movie this looked the most like in the movie. I was very unhappy to receive my order.
Received Wrong Product - Paid More Than I Should Have  I did not receive the toy that is pictured here. Purchased the Princess Peppa as a gift, but received a regular Peppa plush instead. The regular Peppa is of fine quality - clean, new, real Ty tags, etc. Before ordering, I'd read reviews of other Peppa plush listings, and people had complained about receiving dolls that were not new or that were obviously different in size or lacked official Ty tags, so I had carefully selected this seller because the reviews were overwhelmingly positive. Ultimately, since it's a gift, I'm keeping what I received. It's not that big of a deal, but the princess doll is slightly more expensive than the plain Peppa, so I wound up paying about a $1 more than I should have. If having the princess version is very important to you, think twice.
Poor quality  If you can get it from a store and not Amazon. These all look defective.
Looks can be deceiving  The plush came in today. Compare to the picture its not very soft nor does it look well made. Its a perfect size plush but the stitching and seams seem to open with the stuffing sticking out. Good for kids but not pokeplush collectors
Disappointed  The shipping was relatively quick, but I would not have paid what I did for a quite small Ty Beanie Baby when it didn't make any noise.  I had chose this one over another because it said it 'oinked', but I pushed everywhere and there was no sound. It is a gift for Christmas that needed to be shipped after I received it, so it would not be worth my time to deal with returning it and buying a new gift in time.
Don't Buy one!  Barely a $5 toy. Would never survive being loved by a kid. Teeth were all messed up on mine. Not worth the postage to return it. Don't buy one.
Consumable??  Was not edible
Gross Fabric  I bought this a while ago and was truly disappointed by the nasty quality of fabric it was made from. It's that weird clingy kind that collects every bit of dirt and lint it comes across and feels really gross on the hand.
it sucks  Please please don't waist your money people, it doesn't work , i will like to give it zero star but they wouldn't let me.
Small  OK for a little baby. Plush and cute. But too small for a 2 year old.
UGLY DEFORMED FACE DOLL  I was very disappointed. The features are super irregular and misshapen. Its not  cute, pretty like the pictures at all and the quality is very poorly made.... looks like a no neck croocked face ugly doll! I would like to return this if I could.
Not Worth the Price. Dollar Store Quality.  This doll is not worth $14.95, it looks like something that could be found in the Dollar Store. The voice is very low and can't be heard unless it is against your ear. The face has a weird expression. I returned it last week with another Frozen item that came in the same package. But because I did not want to pay UPS return price I sent it via U.S. Mail. The darn package came back to me today. So frustrated!
Not Big  Too Small
Did not receive the item pictured!!  As other reviewers said, this is not the squirtle pictures.  The advertised item is a genuine Tomy product, the one that came is a knockoff.  This is downright fraudulent.
POOR QUALITY!!  POOR QUALITY!!
Like someone had hacked away at it with something sharp  The eyes were scratched up. Like someone had hacked away at it with something sharp.
Cheap Carnival Toy!  This is TINY!  I mean very tiny.  The measurements listed are in centimeters,  to intentionally be misleading.  However, I measured it and the size is smaller than specified in the measurements (only 12.5 cm tall/ aprox 5 inches). This is the quality of a cheap carnival toy made with felt that will surely fall apart in a day or two.  Not worth more than $1 (if that.)  I am guessing the manufacturer made this toy for pennies and the quality shows.
Broke in literally less than 1 minute.
... it's so small that they should have described it better by giving it a comparison  Not worth the $$$ - it's so small that they should have described it better by giving it a comparison. It's about 3" x 2" if you squish it flat. Otherwise it's really about 3" x 1.5"
not happy  Got this Godzilla for my son's birthday. I have to agree with some other reviewers that the Godzilla I got is not the same has pictured. Plus I had noticed right away just out of the box, several of the seams on this Godzilla were open and stuffing coming out. This plush toy was very poorly put together and in my opinion not safe for younger children. I was able to fix Godzilla but for the money I paid for him I should not have had to.
Check the measurements, I was expecting something a lot bigger
I laughed
Not what I thought it was  I thought this was an inflatable but it's a regular sized stuffed animal. I was surprised to realize that and sent it back for a refund.
Expensive!!!!!  Not good at all. Save your money!!! Not worth more than $5.00 I think is over price. I found it at eBay for less than $5.00 here a pay about $15.00
Poor Quality  This plush is pretty poor quality even for the price. It gets two stars because my 11 year old thought it was very cute. The plastic eyeball is a big problem. It was scratched in shipping and only got worse as the party went on. The next morning the seam on the side of the head was coming undone. She's 11, not two so it wasn't an issue of her being rough with it. We returned it within 3 days of opening her gift. We re purchased the same one and its eye was also scratched in shipping and its nose was applied way off center. We returned it immediately.  We purchased the 6"-7" plush with felt eyes and I highly recommend it.
The size of the product is unsatisfactory in my opinion!  I like the fact that Barney sings. I don't like how small it is for the price.
Tiny and not a blanky  This is not a blanky, it's tiny, only about a foot wide.  Don't buy this on impulse.
Sound Doesn't Last  The plush quit making noises after the second day, but my son still loves playing with it.
Too snall for the price
Buyer, think twice!!  I was excited to give this to my grandson for Christmas...he loves R2D2...and while it is a bit expensive ($25) I thought seeing him hug and carry around a great, child- sized plush would be worth it.  I have to say, I was very disappointed when I opened the product.  It is the size of my (a woman's) hand so it is a good size for a child to carry around, but for $25 it just didn't look or feel "worth it".  The head doesn't line up with the body well, and after doing some research, I was able to find small plush R2's at a fraction of the cost and they 'talk' or "beep".  So, I felt foolish for keeping this $25 choice.  And, the kicker?  I'm now being charged $6 to return it!!  Ugg!!  Buyer think twice!!
Only grunts and the grunt isn't very cute.
Its small  In the picture is normal sized
got the hideous one had to fix it it
Poor quality  We have only had it a week and it already doesnt sit down and roll around half the time it just stands there.
Just okay  This doll was not especially well made. It will hold up for a child careful with toys but certainly not for a "rough and ready" child.  I would look further next time.
This one does not have a very shiny nose....  The nose doesn't work.  The point of Rudolph is the nose.  I'm returning it (under the guise of shipping it to Santa's workshop to be fixed) and just purchased another in hopes that the next one will work as it should - otherwise I will have a very sad Rudolph lover on my hands.  Other than the nose not working - it's fine.  Update: we ordered a replacement one.  All was fine the day it arrived, however by the next morning the nose was no longer working.  It plays the song, but the nose doesn't flash. I know that my daughter did not mistreat it or break it.  Rudolph is not very interesting without his nose. Waste of money and a total Christmas bummer......
After 1 week the voice and talking stopped working! Not a very well made toy!
Wrong plush sent from seller  Received Link, not Kirby dressed as Link. This is for my nephew, who asked specifically for Kirby dressed as Link, not sure what to do as his Christmas gift is wrong.
FAKE!!! Beware of seller!  This was clearly a counterfeit product. The dog looks completely different than the pictures provided on the listing, is stiff and cheap, has a one-inch tear on the belly with stuffing coming out, the tag is blurred and looks like it was copied, the stitching is crooked, etc.. It pales in comparison to the other Paw Patrol Pup Pals. It even has a really strong odor, too. Awful!!! Watch out for items sold through Amazon by Hooked Up Deep. They seem to have good reviews otherwise, but this item is horrible.
Lasted 3 weeks!  We got this for my son since he loved his nighttime soothing sounds bear so much.  We gave it to him on his birthday and it was dead after 3 weeks. It will work if we toggle the volume switch off and back on, but the buttons no longer respond and the auto shutdown feature makes it completely inoperable after just a few seconds.  Really frustrating.  We got a refund.  My son was so excited about this toy, it's a shame it's such a piece of junk.
It looks NOTHING like the picture do not buy.  This looks nothing like it is supposed to look like it looks like a messed up yoshi and I swear it is nothing like the picture do not buy it it looks nothing like the picture.
Mike Wasowski Plush...Not happy!  This item was way too small to pay what we did for it. Could have gotten a larger one at Walmart for only $12.99. Very disappointed!!!!!!!
not a good deal, tiny  Way too cheap of a product to cost what it did. It's tiny and not worth the money at all.
Stuffing ripped out!  DON'T BUY, CHEAPLY MADE!! Should be rated for 3+.  Not made well enough for infants, my son at 8 months chewed a hole in the toy exposing the stuffing one of the first times he played with it.  Was a gift, so I could not exchange it.  Manhattan Toy Company, never responded to my email.
Looks Nice--No Talk!  Looks Nice--No Talk!--Bought this as a Christmas gift for my 2 year old granddaughter.  Received with no protective packaging except for a clear plastic bag (which I left inside, for her to discover when opening presents).  Elmo voice is non-existent.  Tried to access battery but doll is completely stitched up--no access?!?  Paid too much for simple no action doll.  2 year old still loves it and calls it "Dead Elmo".  This toy is made by Gund (cheap products)--I will be calling their toll free number on the 28th (only operates 5 days a week) and ask them for repair advice.
Not waterproof  Absolutely isn't waterproof. It now doesnt always turn on. I literally just got it. Perhaps I got a defective one, but just an FYI.
PISSED AND RETURNING!  NOT HAPPY AT ALL!!! MADE POORLY! GLUE SPOTS AND SEAMS SHOWING. LOOKS LIKE IT WAS JUST THROWN TOGETHER WITHOUT ANY CARE! IF I COULD GIVE THIS -0 STARS I WOULD! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE! THE SIZE SUCKS TOO FOR WHAT YOU OAY YOU WOULD THINK IT COULD BE BIGGER THAN A MCDONALDS PLAY TOY SMH!!!
bad buy  Wonderful size.  It is a cuddly elmo, but beware the fuzz comes off, we have it everywhere.  And it is not durable AT ALL.  The eyes have broken already.
ugh  This got dirty so fast, when it does the plush fur looks so nasty
To small for the money
Eh..  The only reason I'm giving this a two is because it's not the real thing (I figured much) and it really is poorly made. It does feel like the people who made the plushies did it at the last minute. It looks durable (Somewhat), however, when I was looking through them I saw slight threads coming out and even the cotton. One of the plushie's  head (Len) is somewhat bended over.... I don't know if it's suppose to look like that or not but I think it still looks cute. But I believe they should change the display picture they have on here. Overall, the product came REALLY early, before the next month came so I got it today which I'm happy with.
does not talk, just groans.
We were terribly disappointed in the quality of this toy  We were terribly disappointed in the quality of this toy.  Very shoddily made and not truly a "pull  apart" as we expected .
It was $8 and it was freaking tiny as hell
NOT MY FAVE, no choice, get what you get.  Cute as heck but low quality.  I ordered three hoping for an assortment.  I had read the posts and knew you couldn't choose,, you get what you get but I thought they would have sense enough to realize I didn't want three of the same thing. I got three of the very same thing, so I got three low quality ducks, I already donated the other two.  Geez.
Very Tiny  Very Tiny!
Major disappointment  I don't even know what to say. I was looking so forward to this Coast Guard bear. When I opened the box and took him out of the plastic, I noticed his feet are backwards. His clothes are so big it doesnt Even fit well. One arm sleeve seems longer than the other arm sleeve. The amount of money that I have spent on this bear I am deeply disappointed. I think the only thing I LOVE about it is that it is singing the Coast Guard song. Where it is to be zipped, its already torn, even before I got it.  Update: I gave it as a gift to a CGA graduate. He and his family love it. Im glad.
Like many other people have mentioned the way it works is frustrating. As a grown adult, I can never get the sensors/magnets to line up right so stupid Elmo doesn't pee his pants. Now imagine how frustrated a toddler will become. Good idea, poorly implemented.
Not 5 inches!! Larger - 7 inches
Not as described at all  Product was obviously a fake with no tags and HORRIBLE stitching, the bands on the tail don't line up and most of the stitches are gaping open
Not the same as picture!  Not at all what I ordered. Came with a suction cup and is so small. Completely different than the picture!
I did not receive the same crash bandicoot that was pictured
Robin Has No Spine  My child really loves the Robin plush but the neck on this toy is extremely flimsy, the head flops side to side and lies on its shoulder. For the price, it could have been a bit more of a quality product.
Does not work!  Very unhappy with this product, it was said it had made noise and that the batteries worked but they in fact didn't and there is no visible way to change the batteries. This purchase was for my nephew. It did not sing nor talk. And that is specifically the reason I purchased it.
This looks nothing like a mosasaur  This looks nothing like a mosasaur. Trying to find  one for my son and this is highly disappointing. Looks more like megalodon
Cute doll, but Electronics don't work.  Very disappointed. The item doesn't work right out of the box. I even replaced the batteries and zippo. If it wasn't so close to Christmas I would return. Good thing the child is only 8 months old and won't know the difference.
Great wand but also very annoying  I got this for my daughter to go along with her Halloween costume. Unfortunately, she wasn't interested in it. She is still young so I'm hoping she will love it in another year. My only complaint is that it is very annoying. It doesn't have an off and on button. There is no way to take out the batteries without cutting it open. The wand is activated with the slightest movement. My cat got a hold of it one night and it was so loud it woke my daughter up. I do like that it is a soft toy and it matched her Abby Cadaby costume very well. Just wish there was some way of turning it off.
Cheap and poor quality item. Not authentic.  Poor quality item. No tags. Not a genuine pokemon center item. Loose threads, bad stitiching, cheap material.  Buyer beware.
Bad quality knock off  Not a Playskool product - poor quality knock off.
I found the same toy in the store much cheaper and at a better quality.  Really small. I found the same toy in the store much cheaper and at a better quality.
Total piece of junk!  This Toy stopped working by the third time we played with it. It kept stopping and needing to be restarted before that. What a waste of money!
Check yo QC  In less than a week George's head started falling off (bad stitching?). We've had Peppa for months and never hand this issue.
Do Not Order  Do not order, it was so small, and cheap lookingat least it had the Sesame Street tag on the item. Its for my 1 year old grandson, but next time I will go to Toys R Us and purchase a big one on sale. I paid $16.00 including shipping.disappointed aout the purchase! Money not well spent!
Doesn't work  NO stars very disappointed worked once then stopped working. My son was so happy and is upset now that he can't keep it.
The faces we're misaligned product not of Disney standard.
Stuffy in distress  To start off we have ordered Gund for many years now. It's always so soft and fluffy. Well Elmo showed up looking as if he was attacked by big bird. He had little stuff and no fluff. He looked like he had been through a battle. My son looked very dissatisfied and poor Elmo got tossed into his stuffy bin with not so much love.
Ridiculous  I find it ridiculous that this thing is 200.00. My son would love to have this for Christmas but I suppose the short supply of toys and high demand of adult collectors have driven up the price. I refuse to spend good money on a fake therefore, unfortunately, we won't be getting this one anytime soon.
Save your money. Not worth the wait or money.  Wow, completely unimpressed. 3 weeks late, and  advertised as same size as squirtle or pikechu at 4.5. Charmander cannot stand up, and is maybe 3 inches. What the hell? You made me wait this long just to disappoint my son with a charmander smaller than my hand.
too much money  its not worth the money. i found one just like this one for $5 this one is a rip off.
This particular plushie I was not 100% satisfied with.  This particular plushie I was not 100% satisfied with....I'd go so much as to say not even 60%.  The particular model I got was somewhat disproportionate in size, one arm was shorter than the other, the frontal hair piece was incredibly short with no volume, the feet are just balls attached to a thin legs that go up into her torso with no waist, the face is oddly flat and the stitching was half-heartedly made, not to mention the flower add-ons are just flat pieces of cloth glued onto the torso/head as well as the crown not even being positioned correctly on the head.  In the description pictures I see a retail clip and a tag which says "Super Mario", but yet mine has a string with a suction cup, and the tag says "Super Mario Bros. U", so my trust in the fact that I even got a precise copy of what they were selling has been diminished.  Overall I feel like I got ripped-off with a knock-off copy of the real thing.
DO NOT PURCHASE  Unfortunately this/these products were a HUGE disappointment......Firstly, it STATED THREE dog toys included.....only TWO arrived.....TEN days later for $9.77 shipping. The stupid toys alone cost nearly $20......silly me. NEVER AGAIN !!! RIDICULOUS.....should have cancelled the SECOND i saw this ridiculous shipping fee in my cart.....but really thought my pupply dog would like them......the bag was visibly ripped open and ONE dog toy removed......some dumb form in there about how i can return with NO phone # NO one to contact......just so let down w/Amazon.....obvioulsy they cant babysit everyone that sells through them......but i feel so scammed......just buy toys at the dollar store, Wal-Mart or your local pet food store.....this was a nightmare :(
Slumps over and Does NOT sit up on its own.  It's a great toy, super soft and my daughter was very excited about receiving it... BUT IT DOES NOT SIT UP ON ITS OWN unlike other giant stuffed animals!!! My 14 month old daughter loves it, but gets frustrated by it not being able to sit up on its own. She tries to lift it up herself which is hard since its heavy for her. I also find it frustrating... Even if we prop it against something it easily falls over or falls on its side. Its hard to take pictures of my daughter and a floppy elmo that you need to reposition every 5 seconds. The makers of this toy should give elmo a wider base... or a some kind of back bone!
Not fluffy :(((((
This is the TINY KEYCHAIN SIZED one. Complete RIP OFF FOR IT'S PRICE
Arrived damaged  This is a nice pillow, however, ours arrived with a hole in it. We didn't have time to return it to the "North Pole" in time for it to arrive again for Christmas, so I will have to sew it up. Disappointing.
not sewn well  My daughter loves her Monkey.  She can't sleep without it, and it goes everywhere with us.  That being said, I had to sew the seams on this monkey twice within two weeks, and the flower fell off within a month.  I found it in her crib after a nap and am glad she didn't put it in her mouth.  I just threw the flower away.  Since then, I have washed and dried the monkey, and it seems to be holding up well.  I don't have very good sewing skills, so just a little hand sewing reinforcement on the seams worked.
These elephants were great when they were priced right ($7  These elephants were great when they were priced right ($7.59). Now they are priced at almost $20. NOT WORTH the cost! How ridiculous. Looks like I will buy different animals for baby shower gifts. Bring the price down or you're going to lose even more customers!!!!!
nathing
Cheap!  Made so cheap. The bow fell off after less than  30 mins of my son playing with it. Wish we wouldn't have bought this.
Small  Much smaller than shown.  Maybe 6" tall if you stand the plastic clip on end and the measure.  Sent back.
Caveat Emptor  I wish I had read earlier reviews. It is most definitely NOT 6 inches tall! I believe it is barely 3 and a half. The $20 price tag was very misleading....it implied a much larger plush toy. Thankfully, it is not intended for a younger child Very disappointed in this purchase. I have bought many items through Amazon before and will continue to do so, but will probably not buy from this seller.
Janky!  I don't know why this rated higher than a 2-star. It is cheaply made and didn't even come in a box. The side was cracked open when I got it. It's basically all plastic so I don't know how it can be waterproof. And it didn't come with batteries.
Disappointed  It actually turned out to be just like the photo, but I was hoping it was nicer than that.  I did gift it along with other truck items.
Ripped seams and dirty  Upon first glance,it seems great but a closer look shows this was poorly made. My son had this less than an hour before the seams ripped. It was also covered in pieces of leaves! For $30 I expected much better.
Two computers, two Elmos, but only one works!  This is the most frustrating toy I have ever purchased.  I ordered one and my wife did too, so two arrived.  I went to programming it on Christmas Eve, only to have it fail at 98%, like severl others here.  Thinking it was the Elmo, I tried the other previously unopened one.  Same thing.  Being a tech kind of guy, I disabled the USB 2.0 support in my system's BIOS and went back to USB 1.1.  No effect.  Finally, I tried my notebook from work.  One Elmo succeeded, or so the program said, but was stuck in demo mode, even though I removed the strip.  The other Elmo, which had previously "locked up" and was unable to be programmed, managed to take the programming after sitting around 15 minutes without batteries prior to being programmed.  Elmo then worked as designed, I guess.  So, to sum it up:  * XP SP2 is not an issue here, or at least for me - both systems are XP Pro SP2  * It could be the chipset - my home system is an NVidia 250GB based system, or it could be the processor, which is AMD.  My notebook is Intel on both CPU and chipset.  The kids have a VIA based KT400 AMD system, but I am not going to hook it up right now to Elmo to find out if it's CPU or chipset.  * Fisher-Price's quality checks and testing are woefully negligent.  There is no excuse not to widen the number of systems Elmo is tested with.  * The batteries with this toy are nearly lighter than air.  I'm sure it's a combination of cost avoidance by packaging decent batteries and reducing the cost shipping of Elmo from China.  Replace them quickly.  Gotta say, though, that it was nice to finally hear Elmo say "Hi Sebastien!  Squeeze Elmo's hand!"  I'm sure my kid will be ecstatic in the morning.
so disapointed  seriously, I thought it would be bigger than my dog, nowhere near as big as him, (he is a small dog) it also had a hole in the neck. I would have returned it but it was a gift and i think my boyfriend is re-gifting it.  not worth the price, and not "huge jumbo"
Not Japanese import cheap knock off  The product was not the one advertised.  It was advertised as a Japanese import but was a made in China model that I can pick up in any Target store.  Would have returned it but my son just wanted to play with it.
It's price discounted after I bought it
Very mini Mini  I received only the Mini and it is so small not worth it.
Not worth it  A lot of money for a cheap stuffed animal. Very disappointed.
Not worth it  Very disappointed in my purchase. I wouldn't have paid $5 for this dinky toy. Description is wrong as it is no where near 21.5" tall. Contacting today to return it.
Disappointing quality  Came early which was nice but had a huge hole in the front where the legs join on. Tried to fix it but it looks terrible. And I can't tell my son he can't play with it. Pretty disappointed.
He's cute, stands somewhat, and my daughter loves him. However, I have performed 5 or 6 reconstructive surgeries over the past year and I can see two more seams coming loose. I tried to donate him once, but she rescued him from the box. If you know how to sew a simple stitch and don't mind completely remaking him over time, go for it. But, don't be surprised when he starts to come loose at the seams.
Poor!  Looks great. Detail is there. Quality has me upset, lack of voice box has me upset. Falsely advertised or poor quality control in assembly. Back of head coming undone. Seam is splitting. Ears/antennae have came loose at attachment points that create the swirl of his ears. There is no voice box anywhere within it. Now luckily I haven't told my 2yo it talks, but I knew it was supposed to. I haven't contacted the seller yet, but will do . I am unsure if I'll even send it back due to having an upset little one who loves this plush otherwise. It's about 12.5" tall. I have this to my daughter Monday night and by Wednesday morning it had split. By Wednesday night the ears came undone. Now I can sew but that's beyond the point. I'll undoubtedly fix it, but think twice buyer.
Great idea, but ours doesn't work as advertized  I expected we'd be inundated with the voice of Elmo, but I was willing to deal with it since she loves him and is learning to use the potty herself. However, our Potty Time Elmo doesn't work right. The second time we put him on the potty he sang the reward song, but that's been the only time. Ever. Even with a variety of adults carefully pulling his pants off and placing him securely on the (magnetic) potty, his system does not register it and he ends up singing the accident song (even though he is on the potty as per the instructions). So... even though my daughter likes it, it is a confusing toy since he continues to ask for help getting to the potty after she has him there, and he then says he's had an accident when she can she he is on the potty. I may experiment with opening up the compartment on the underside of the potty to see if adding additional magnets would help... but I am not sure that's a good idea. And I am not sure if his problem is with sensing that his pants are off, or sensing that he is on the potty. Frustrating toy.
waste of money  This one is a waste of money. Not sure if only the one I received looked scary or that is how they are supposed to look. Even if it looked cute as in the pic online, this is not worth more than 7-8 dollars. I sent mail to the seller "Todays Concept" and shared the pic of the scary toy. They replied with a nice marketing email that they would look into it, but eventually did not even respond or do anything. Overall, bad products and poor service. This is definitely not worth the price.
We cannot keep the batteries in this charged which leads to lots of tears in the middle of the night.
Smaller than expected
Cheap looking and made.
MY DAUGHTER IS SO DISAPPOINTED!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!!!  When my daughter saw it she said "Its HIDEOUS!!!!! I waited all this time for it and its horrible!!! Its like they were making fun of umbreon and Its one of my favorite pokemon!!! We're returning it right now!!!" Yeah so wanna buy it for someone or for yourself? BAD IDEA
Toy does not talk. Buy from somewhere else.
Used, don't get frustration free packaging  I agree with another customer that says it's used or refurbished. I don't  order frustration free packaging but on this order it seemed that it came up automatic unless you click off of it, maybe that is their way of covering up a manufacture defect of refurbished item because it did not come in its original box, it came in a plain brown Hasbro box. Don't get  frustration free packaging!
Horrible quality.
Too much $ for the size of this little thing.  I just received this little teeny weeny plush. It's the size of a postcard. Not worth the $10 something I paid for. I should have looked at the size before buying.
Cheap looking but my daughter mat think it's OK  Very cheap looking but something my daughter asked for. If I could have seen it before hand I would never have purchased it.
Sent it back! Not the quality Mud Pie products normal provide.  Very small and barely resembled a lion.
Way smaller than product states!  Product details states this item is 7x3x2 inches which leads you to believe it's atleast 7 inches long. It's is not. It's probably 4 inches most. Disappointing to say the least.
Buyer Beware Not from Monsters Inc  I did not receive the Sulley pictured. The one that I received is from Monsters University, not Monsters Inc and yes there are differences. It is still an "original authentic" from the Disney store (fakes say exclusive), but not the one we wanted. He did not have the teeth. He had a smirkish smile stitched on instead.
omg, this tiny thing is only about 3 inches tall cheap looking I am so disappointed I cannot give this to my grandson for his birthday, not even a good dog toy , total waste
supercute but the blue buckle was broken , and part of the plastic to it was lost ? it only had one connector , my daughter still likes it ;shell be two soon
huge and undefined  Even seeing the measurements in the details before I ordered it, I didn't realize just how huge it would be in person. The features are cute but are a little too undefined for a disney doll, I thought. I just think it's too big to lack such definition.
IDK  this item was one that my daughter had to have because she had the older models and she wanted this one for xmas but this was one of those very popular hard to get toys. Amazon luckily had quite a few of the different colors on their lightning deals so i was able to get one and from what id read this model could do a lot more stuff and was supposed to just be all around better but from what i can tell its basically the same as all the others we are barely 2 months past xmas and its already old news to my daughter and doesn't get used at all anymore.to me it doesn't seem much better than the original that came out back in the 90s if i remember correctly.im gonna say pass on this one unless you are a collector
The broke poor Tigger's neck in order to shove him into a smaller box so now he doesn't have the ability to hold his head upright. He also had a small hole in the seam on his back where his head and neck connected. So disappointed!
Too expensive  Too small poor Quality = too expensive
My son loves this toy.  My son loves this toy. He just wore out his second one. He likes that it only goes "la-la-la" and that the mouth moves with each "la". But it isn't very durable. Each one has lasted about a month and then it just wears out and stops singing. We also thought it was the batteries, but changing the batteries made no difference.
ROAR doesn't always work.  So i like it that its a dinosaur, but i have a few complaints  1. The eyes are not sewn in but are buttons. 2. THE ROAR.. It doesn't do it!!. there is a voice box in the stuffed animal but you have to press it just right to get it to roar. Even if you do press it. very low chance of it actually working.
Son loves it but this particular stuffed toy was made cheap, ripped on the seams the same day all along the chest down through the tail
Horrible product. Item received is not as pictured. Avoid buying at all costs.
What a surprise.  I opened the package, and to my surprise, found a Mudkip. I'm not completely heartbroken, as I was going to get a Mudkip later on, but I still have to continue my search for a Vaporeon.
ABOSOLUTLEY HORRIBLE VERY DISSATISFIED  I would give No stars but am required to give at least one. we got this for my little brother for his 8th birthday and we got a poorly stitched chespin. My brother started to cry because we ordered this back in February and we just a couple minutes ago revived a package to only reveal it was a chespin.
Duped by title but fixed  When I ordered the set for Xmas that is what I thought I was receiving. When it arrived all I got was an Elmo doll. After several emails and phone calls the company offered me a refund as it was their mistake in the listing. Since I had Elmo and had already ordered Big Bird I asked them to give me a partial refund to match Amazon's price for Elmo. They did and all things were fine and they assured me they would change the listing. So if you read this and it still states buy 4 dolls and save remember they only send one.
This product is not working as described, i have tried and tried to get this personalised for my son to no avail, I keep getting a not connected result, and I have followed all the directions. The bear is just not working.
TINKER BELL  DOLL ITSELF IS OK, BUT THE FACE OF DOLL IS VERY UGLY LOOKING, I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GRAND DAUGHTER AND BELIEVE ME SINCE 1ST TIME SHE SEE IT, SHE NEVER TOOK IT, AND ITS JUST SITTING ON SIDE
Dead Battery Cant Be Replaced  Received the item, pressed the "paw" to hear it talk, it groaned and that was it. Save your money!
Very small
Creepy voice  Not the real Steve Martin voice. I was disappointed and weirded out by the boov death song!
unicorn  I thought it was very small for the price we paid. It seemed well made but like I say it was not much for the money.
You won't get what you think.  Should have read other reviews first. If you are looking for one to be a collectors item this is not the one you want. The tag in the pic shows Tomy  buy what you get is a cheep knock off doesn't have the tag shown. I wanted them to collect when they arrived the were stuffed in plastic bags. I was disappointed so I gave them to my daughter and they both have since torn and are loosing stuffing have only had them a few weeks.
THis toy is bull for the price, it should at least have refs voice for the $20. My son kind of likes it.
The white fur is dingy and the fur around head doesn't look like picture. If it was $1-2 - maybe  I'm sending it back.  The white fur is dingy and the fur around head doesn't look like picture.  If it was $1-2 - maybe.  But for $6.99 I expected way more.
Do not buy  Arrived Broken.
Marked as wrong size  This was the gift my niece continued to look for and ask about under the Christmas tree. Then when she opened it up they were marked as the wrong size- the packaging said 11-12 but the were definitely way to small for her. My niece was crushed- she had waited for months for the monster slippers and when she finally got them she could not wear them. Thankfully about an hour later we realized that that the Monsters had been packaged wrong and that the second pair ordered- the Dinosaurs- were packaged correctly and would fit. This simple packaging mistake nearly ruined my niece's Christmas. Silly Slippeez needs to improve there quality control, this mistake should not have happened.
Super small. Smaller than a beanie baby
Size is truly smaller  It's not that big. The picture  must have 3yr girl carrying it. Very un happy.
Delphox is incomplete without her fire wand,
Poor quality  The seam split along the back 2 days after receiving it. It was delivered when promised but the quality of the one I received was not great.
Cute but doesn't really help a toddler out.  While the plush doll is cute and cuddly, the actual usefulness of the toy is nil. I paid way too much for a toy that my toddler has a hard time working with. You have to get the doll to sit on the potty 'just right' or he wets himself... but the wetting just sounds like a 'ding' whether or not it goes in the potty and I don't think my little boy gets it. There is a lot of pretending with this toy. Elmo sings a song whether or not he makes it to the potty and the songs pretty much sound the same, so the concept really doesn't sink in. It's easy to lose the little parts and my little boy just likes it because it is Elmo. If you want this to help you with potty training, forget it. If you want it because it's a cute doll, go ahead... but it is one expensive 'cute doll'.
Not as advertised  When this 10" Domo-kun arrived, it was only 7"!  No explanation.  We sent it back as it was not what we ordered.  We had ordered one several months ago and it was the 10".
Most annoying toy in the world - and THEY TURN EVIL  Most annoying toy in the world - I wish to god I never purchased these for my kids.  They turn on all the time and if you don't play with them, THEY TURN EVIL and my kids are totally freaked out by that unpleasant experience.  Now my kids have asked me to sell them on ebay just to get rid of them.
You couldn't download furby boom app  If you are in south america or outside USA you couldn't download FURBY BOOM APP from aple store or from google play. So my daughter cant play with her phone and her furby...thanxs a lot hasbro!!!!
Not as expected.  Plays for only a few seconds then shuts off. My grandson has the seahorse and this one plays several songs and helps him get to sleep.
Mouth clasp falls off easily.  Received the item fast, which was nice. But the item itself was dissapointing. The metal clasp used to keep the mouth shut falls off. It can be put back on, but falls off so easily you can't get any use out of it. The quality of the rest of the frog isn't bad, other than having far too much stuffing in him. He would best be used as a decoration, even though I bought him to use as a change purse. I will have to search elsewhere.
Small  small, way too expensive for the size.
Booooo
To small
No sound after a month  One month after I received it, the toy went mute. Yoou could see everything else moving, but no sound. My son was torn apart and he loved the design on this Furby.
Discouraging  I have had to return this item twice because the stitching has come undone within a couple of days. Amazon has been great in dealing with the return, but it is still discouraging and bothersome.
Brand new and Doesn't giggle...DONT BUY!  I just got this product in the mail and opened it. It doesn't work. I'm foing to have to return it.
Saw it at Toys R Us for $9.99  $9.99 at Toys R Us in Times Square (NYC) on December 17, 2012.  Ironic that I came home and told my husband I thought $9.99 was overpriced, only to see it here for nearly double...
CHEAP KNOCK OFF!!!!!!!!!!  This is not an official Tomy plush. It is a cheap knock-off and smaller than the Tomy. The product description is a LIE. For $20 you expect it to be authentic. I wouldn't pay more than $1 for this cheap knock off. RETURNED!!!!!!!!!!!
Not quite what I expected  The quality is nice, but the photo is cuter then the actual item. It's face is kind of flat and awkward.
I was also disappointed int he packaging -- there was none  I should have paid more attention to the size when ordering -- it's much smaller than I expected.  I was also disappointed int he packaging -- there was none, and it felt like I was receiving a secondhand Elmo!
Really small!  It looks big in the picture, it is only 11 inches. Be prepared to be disappointed. This thing is not worth the money.
Not well made  The black on the eye of Muno came off within two days. Also the seam is coming undone within the first week.
Bunnie  I bought this little bunny as a companion to the "Marshmallow" book, as a baby shower gift.  I am disappointed because (1) it is very small for the price (no dimensions were given in the ad) and (2) although the manufacturer is called "Bunnies By the Bay" it is actually made in China, which I had particularly wanted to avoid.
Very Dissapointed !  After reviewing several Sesame Street Elmo`s I picked this one because it was made by Gund. So dissapointed, PLUSH is not how I would describe it; more like scrawny..
Not happy!  Cute,but it took over a month to reach me and was after the holidays. Not happy!
Bought this for my twin girls for Christmas and it was a tearfest  I bought this because I thought it would be cute and so I though they would like it too but as soon as I turned it on the girls started to cry, they were scared to death of it and had nightmares that night.  Later on when I went to put it away the girls started to cry again and this time it was not even turned on.
I had problems with payment. I made a purchase and was canceled, not accepted form of payment, then redid the purchase, was charged twice, so far I could not return the money, people of the Amazon suggested I make a conference with the bank, honestly I'm disappointed with the Amzon lost an old customer and bought a lot. already recommended it to many people to Amazontoday I do not recommend more
Happy unicorn, &$@#! DVD  The stretchkins unicorn itself made my 6 year old granddaughter quite happy, as she entertains her baby brother. BUT ... the defective, writing-play DVD resulted in her getting in SERIOUS trouble for letting slip with a very bad word after the third attempt to use it. AND, your Customer Service Rep was very nice, tried to help, but could not replace the defective DVD. And of course, I simply couldn't TAKE BACK the unicorn to send back the entire package for a refund... especially since she loved THAT - just not  the  DVD or the bad word it evoked, along with the ensuing punishment.
Hole already in the side with stuffing coming out.
Will the Real Rudolph Please Stand UP?  The 1st Rudolph I received was not working properly. It seemed the battery was dead and there was no way to replace it without damaging the plush. The plush quality was very nice, it was approx. 15" tall, and it was the 50th Anniversary model for $29.99. I returned it, and reordered, hoping to receive the same in good working condition. The 2nd Rudolph (as shown) did not match the quality of the 1st Rudolph. It stood only 7", and priced at $29.99, I thought was a rip-off.
So disappointed. Don't buy.  The giraffe's head will not stand up. It basically looks like it's neck is broken. Definitely returning!!! I do not recommend that anyone buy this product!
Not a set of six  Ordered this and received one pink flower.  I returned it for a refund because the price is too much for a single flower.  I really like these, but am afraid to order from this seller again and have the same thing happen again, as it has to others as well.
You never know what your going to get  They Changed the order description and pieces after i ordered the package.  Never mentioned anything.  The Pac Man is no longer included. They did refund me 1/6 of the price, after i contacted them.
Wrong one had to return it
Looks can be deceiving  Only received one of my plants.
not what you expect  does not evolve
Not legit  lots of sewing errors, no tags so guessing it's counterfeit and not the actual tomy product.
They are small and the colors are different than the pictures
I wish that I had read the reviews first.  This item is not as pictured.  I will keep it since my grandson was there when I opened the box and wants to keep it.  Why would you continue to use the wrong picture of the item-especially since there are so many comments about it?
NOT AS ADVERTISED  Extremely displeased, I wanted the original Ice Bat that appears in the advertised photo. Not whats in the picture at all, will be returning it.
Does not make sound.
Do not buy!  This was so bad that Amazon refunded my purchase price!  I don't know what the price is now but I paid almost $35 for this.  It was MAYBE 7" high and was so thin it was almost flat.  The word "beans" is in the title but this is not filled like a Beanie Baby.  There is nothing inside but maybe a thin layer of batting.  It is the weight of a felt Christmas ornament.  This was supposed to be a souvenir from Disney World for my granddaughter because they were out of their HeiHei chickens.  It was so measly that I had to quick run to the store and spend another $20 on something to supplement it.
Really small  It was smaller than I had expected. Maybe adding measurements to the description would be. The roar is also sort of terrifying and loud.
overpriced  This item is way overpriced for what you get. i'm sure it can be found cheaper somewhere other than here.
Doesnt work  My daughter loves sesame street so I thought this would be a fun toy. She likes it but the product didn't work. I even tried new batteries and it still didn't make any noise.
Be Careful When To Read Reviews First.  Was sticky, smelly and very used for something that was posted to be New.
ballerina outfit not made well  We (my daughter) have several ty beanie hello kitties. They are all made pretty well, except this one. The outfit, especially the ballerina shoe part frays! It's covered with some kind of satin fabric, as opposed to faux fur like the rest of the kitty. The bow is also made of satin with something hard (hardboard?) wrapped in the middle. So, not very soft and cuddly. I would not recommend getting the ballerina for little kids. It's good if you just want to "collect" it, but not for playing.
No sound  Product did not work when I got it.
Nice size.  However, product didn't work...will try new batteries.
Too Exspensive  Okay so I love this plushe I am a huge pokemon fan but seriously $130 just for this it just seems way way way to expensive. 
not worth it  Was not big enough. I was under the impression it was the gigantic tummy stuffer. I didn't like it at all. Arrived late and not even time for Valentine's Day
This doll is not a Barney!!!! is really ugly!!!!
The quality is cheap! Plus, there was no Authentic Certification stamp on foot as described and shown in picture. One thing I can't stand is a misrepresented product!!!!!!!!!!
Very Dissapointed!  Barney is much smaller than expected. The sound did not work when we first got it but randomly started working on it's own. The voice of Barney sounds like a mans voice and does not sound kid friendly or anywhere close to Barney's voice.. Very Dissapointed
Not what I expected  What came in the mail, doesn't look quite like what is pictured.  It's a lot smaller than I expected as well.
Poor quality  Poor quality arrived with a two inch hole in the top of his head where the stuffing is falling out.  If it wasn't for arriving with a really bad stitching job on his head he looks as though it could have been a great product.
UGLY!  Doesn't look like him!
it sucks  I got the hair backwards
Dont buy this!  Not worth what I paid for it!!!
I think this one was fake tag was not the same as mario ..
Not a fan  My daughter has the Leap Frog Violet and absolutely LOVES it. I bought this thinking it would be similar, but have additional songs/features. I hate it! I can't stand Cora's voice and find all the songs to be annoying. Although i wouldn't say Violet is cute, this Cora is awful! I think the pictures have been altered, the one I received appears to have an elongated forehead  and the eyeballs appear to be more oval than round. It is by far the ugliest toy my daughter owns. Do yourself a favor if you are debating between the two and get Violet.
not well made at all  The head flops over ...you have to prop it up or it drops completely forward or backward (like it is understuffed or something).
Misleading.  Quality not as good as I thought it would be in the pic reminds me of something you would win at a fair, it's not sewn very nice in places and a gap where stuffing coming out at his neck.  Also had a string attached to the head and suction cup like it's supposed to hang off a window, his head is heavier so it cannot stand on it's own. A little disappointed,  my daughter will probably still be content though.
Shipping was great. Stitching no so much. Wouldn't order again.
Not as Expected  This little stuffed doll is cute, but much smaller than expected. I am very disappointed with it. Plus, it took a week to get to me, so, I will stick to Amazon Prime purchases from now on.
It looked nice in the picture  It looked nice in the picture. And grandma was missing.  Big disappointment.  I purchased it as a prop for my one year old daughter's first Halloween.  She's going to be Little Red Riding Hood and I thought the wolf and granny combo was so perfect.  Sadly no granny so I am sending it back.  He looks more sturdy in the picture too.
She is obsessed withy buckles on high chairs and strollers so I assumed she would love this. But she just didnt  Over priced for buckles. We returned it because my toddler was not interested. She is obsessed withy buckles on high chairs and strollers so I assumed she would love this. But she just didnt.
Smaller than what I was expecting.  From foot to head its more like 8 inches. With the tail down, it's 9 inches. It's much smaller than I was expecting. Also, in the picture it has 3 fingers on each hand but the one I got only has 2 fingers on each hand it has no thumbs. It's soft and cute but overall I am not satisfied.
Looked cuter and more realistic in the picture..also small
Returning.  I ordered this for my daughter's Christmas when I couldn't get a 20" plush Elsa doll from the Disney Store.  This doll arrived, much larger at 27" and felt like it was made from cheaper materials.  The doll was bent from the packaging and never really straightened out the way a doll with higher quality stuffing would.  She hates it and won't cuddle with it.  Returning this and going to the Disney store.
Look elsewhere  I am not impressed at all. The rack is so flemsy that it just folds down and looks like a basset hound. It's also very small.
Olaf won't work.  Arrived and it will not work. Changed batteries and pointed the remote to his middle button coal. My daughter got this for Christmas(santa) I am extremely frustrated with the outcome.
Mouth stopped moving after a week  Gave this to our son for his 2nd birthday. He loved it while it lasted but within a week the mouth stopped moving and soon after the talking couldn't be started with the stomach button. Pretty bad for a $45 toy
Cute and cool but arms break off easily by small children curiosity.  Cute, quite plush, singing to "In Summer" is cool, and setting to dance to any music is cool. I wish it had more animation. It's dancing is somewhat minimal. Suction cups to put on smooth surfaces sort of good idea, but I wish it could be suctioned with the face/body facing forward, not against the surface. MAJOR PROBLEM: The arms are quite stiff and break off the body--the plastic connection underneath the fabric--EASILY. I've not yet been able to reattach. Small children will WANT to pull arms beyond their ability to move, the stiff not really moveable arms invite children to pull them to breaking point. And overall too expensive.
Not worth the money.  This product is made cheap and will fall apart. Purchased for my nephew's 4th birthday, will be returning. Not worth $30!
Face was printed upside down.
Not worth it  Very disappointed in this.... I want my money back.. not like the picture at all and was so small!!!!!
Broken before we even played with it  We were excited to give this cute try to our daughter, but it does not work.  No talking whatsoever. Very disappointing.
WRONG SIZE  I thought the doll was going to be a lot bigger. Especially because I paid $18 for it. I was very disappointed.
The description says 25" and the receipt mailed with the mickey said 25" however the mickey I received is only 18" and there's no seal on the foot.
Product kind of cheap  The product is hard and has a string on the top of it's head.  Not sure if they are suppose to hang some where?  But purchased as a stuffed animal for my son and just not what I was expecting.  Too big and looks cheap.  The seller, shipment, receiving was wonderful and gave to my son who loves it, but I would not purchase this is I had seen in person.
Not worth then price.  Arrived and I was very disappointed as it's very small for and not worth the money they charge.  I will return.
Horn has a very LOW beep.  Not worth the money!!
Not original  The plushies weren't originals. They were not as shown in the photos i.e. there were differences in the designs, the packaging too was different.
Zero toy  My Zero puppy came squished and there were a few strings of yarn hanging off him... He is so tiny, and mine came in a plastic bag, the package was smashed and there was no jack-o-lantern... I would not get again for this price!
molly was so small very disappointing
Words simply do not describe what my eyes saw.  Looking at this makes a part of me die inside. This is so poorly made that it is obviously a knockoff product. Shadow Lugia was a Gamecube era Pokemon and yet they are advertising it as an XY Plush with the Gamecube XD Gale of Darkness Tag. In an effort to attract those people looking for Plushies of the new Mega Pokemon they slapped mega and as many keywords as possible in the listing. Too much just doesn't add up. As someone who hand sews plushies for fun from time to time I don't even know where to begin with analyzing this design. The Lugia Picture up in the corner was what they were aiming for and only the general body shape is right. The color is way off, the mouth is super derpy, the pose is awkward, the stitching off, the feet are going off center. For those parents who do not know about Pokemon your child will know about it and this will always look out of place in a collection.
Wouldn't recommend buying this  Arrived with one piece of its leg braces broken, and it looks lopsided/uneven. Wouldn't recommend buying this.
Not the bunny shown in the picture.
Love the product  Have now received two of these with black eyes. So frustrating! Love the product, but can't seem to get the item listed. Really want the blue eyes.
This Domo's feet are rigid. Wait, what?  I had wanted to buy a Domo of about this size, so I bought this one. He's certainly big enough, that's for sure, but the problem is that the soles of his feet are rigid (!). It's as if there's stiff corrugated cardboard running through the length of each foot.  I have no idea why the manufacturer would do that to a stuffed animal, but it means that this Domo is probably only suitable as a display piece. If you're trying to find a Domo for a child or for someone who wants to be able to hug him, this is not the Domo you want--this one's horrible for that. (I returned mine.)
Too small.  WAY smaller than expected. Especially for that price. The description says for kids 8 and up, but the cardboard tag on the dragon says ages 3+. Not pleased.
Smaller than advertised  Way smaller than the dimensions listed on the description. They said they were 10" and they were less than 7". They are for a birthday so they will still get gifted I just wish they were the size they advertised.
I whould rather buy something better!   The minute it gets to my house it breaks now only one eye is blinking. I whould rather buy something better! 
VERY VERY SMALL!!!!! NEED MAGNIFYING GLASS!!!!!  TOO SMALL!!!!!!!
So disappointed!  This Fox is tiny and the whiskers on the one I received are ridiculous. I tried to return it and it isn't eligible for a return. So beware, once you buy it, it is yours permanently. I expected it to be much bigger for the price.
When the say mini they mean MINI  These bears are teeny. I didn't see any dimensions posted and none of the photos show a scaled figure so its really hard to gauge size. I assumed theyd be about Beanie Baby size or smaller, but they're about the size of my finger. Very disappointed.
Battery was just about dead on arrival.  The battery was just about dead when the product arrived. Olaf could not talk and would only making blipping sounds.
Not a GUND
Item was not as described.
I was very disappointed in this dog  I was very disappointed in this dog.  I bought it for my 6 year old granddaughter. It was way too small and the picture of it is deceiving. For the price it's not worth buying.
B Grade Barney.  Little deformed.  Sounds weird too.
Lasted 2 days. My kids liked to submerge it which made it fill with water and batteries are now wet and corroding. There are 2 holes built into it so looks like it should be ok as long as not held under water.
40 inches long, not as advertised
Much smaller than expected
Hardly talks too much money for product
I love this product nothing wrong what so ever but whats wrong is this new price it has more then doubled!!!! i just paid last week $7 this is horrible and i hope everyone complains like i did over the phone and now here
scared my baby  my son loved the barney dvd's and series but hated this doll.  i think it scares him and it doesn't really look like barney.  every time i press the button for the song to come on, he cries.
Not worth the price.  Again I should have read the dimensions.......this toy is very tiny. Certainly not worth it the price. Very disappointed in this purchase.
cute not sending back I don't care if it talks  can't hear what it says
Faulty.  Serious issue with battery remote . Wrote toy company. They were aware of issue. Cannot be repaired. Mailed grandson a huge 3 Olaf.
Beware of knock off  I got a knock off. No Disney tags anywhere. Don't have time to return this but selling this at a Disney price for a fake isn't right.
Poor quality  Didn't turn out to be as expected. Poor quality
Too expensive.  No worth 15 dollars. Lacking in quality and really small. It's not bad, just 15 dollars is a little much.
Don't Buy  The plush toy fell apart in less than a week! Don't waste your money buy something else. This product is not a good quality product.
complete waste of money !!!  complete waste of money !!! these should not come up when ordering the 18 to 20 inch toys this thing is tiny !!
Not all plush!  Her face is not a plush
Seams ripped  Seams ripped within a week of giving it to my daughter.
The leg broke off the first time we used it, and you cant reattach it because there are no openings on the clothes.
Talk about buyers remorse  What a piece of trash, this has got to be one of the stupidest purchases I have ever made. This thing is made of felt, it's about as high quality as a toy you win with tickets at Chuck E Cheese. Please don't spend $35 on this, it's just not worth it.
Disappointment with the store.  The store sent me a toy that had been a demo.  I had to find batteries for it [they cost an additional $14.)  Still the sound is too low.  Likewise, the cardboard container was torn --not a good thing if you desire to make the toy a gift.  I was very upset with the endeavor. I truly feel that the store needs some correction in their procedures.
This one is real ordered from real website disney! Fraud  This is not real!
It wasn't at all like I expected  It wasn't at all like I expected. The worst part was the the volume of the "talking". It was so low you could barely hear it in a silent room held up to your earl. If it wasn't for the fact my little nephew already had it in his hands I would have returned it.
Just say NO  If you are like I was, you are looking everywhere for the "Jewel" plush to go along with the cute RIO birds found at Kohls this summer.  I am very disappointed that I ordered this one and my kids hate it.  If you are looking for a cute bird that looks like "Jewel" in the Rio movies, do NOT get this one!  I finally found a one at Toys R Us tonight for $22 but got the last one on the shelf.  They have it here on Amazon for a few dollars more. Totally worth it!
They didn't work  It didn't work, neither did the other ones that I bought. I threw them away. I was very angry, but it wouldn't have been cost effective to send them back.
Extremely disappointed. The packaging of the plush was ripped horribly around the edges and the doll is a little dirty.
Imitation  Scary looking imitation plushy.  Fast shipping!
It's very expensive and very small I thought it was the big one
We got this bear probably about 6 months ago. We set it up and it worked ok for a little bit. To turn on the bear you have to press the button on his ear. One would think it would be easy to press being a kids toy but sometimes I (a semi-smart adult) couldn't even turn it on. About 2 months ago the on button stopped working all together. And then a month after that all the buttons stopped working :(. We have the leapfrog puppy too and it works wayyyyy better! We have 2 boys and wanted them to have different toys. We have had the other puppy  for 3 years and have had zero problems!
Cheap Crap  My son was excited to get this but unfortunately the seams literally fell apart the very first day he had it. This is cheap crap - do not buy.
I thought this doll was so cute and well made.  My granddaughter could have cared less.  She wanted a train.
Bad value  Cute item, but for the price, this is very small.  Did not realize how small it was, I guess I missed that in a rush to order for a birthday gift. Not happy, but oh well,
It was a nice try. A plush spider  It was a nice try.  A plush spider?  Yes.  An actual Minecraft spider?  No  This item was counterfeit, did not arrive with any box as depicted in the picture.  It was a decent forgery, but a forgery nonetheless.  There were obvious differences from an authentic Minecraft plush spider as evident by inconsistencies on the item's tag, materials, and colors of fabric.  <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Minecraft-Large-Plush-Spider/dp/B00FRIQBEE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Minecraft - Large Plush - Spider</a>
Looks cheap, smells like chemicals  Looks cheap, smells like chemicals, I threw it in the garbage as kids should not play with such poor quality toys.
Price was too high
I got my item faster than prideicyed, However that did not make up for the fact that it has a huge tear on the top horn. I haven't opened it up further to invesitagte but from reading the other reviews I'm assuming it's not authentic.
Disappointing  Bought one at walmart and lasted me a year, but this one sounded off the first day and didn't last.
Happy Meal  Shame on me for not reading the fine print. I assumed that at this price, the stuffed animal would be rather large. When it arrived, it was barely bigger than a happy meal toy! Not cool! I'm very disappointed.
The unit does look nice, and had it been manufactured without flaw  The stitching between the legs was only held on with a very weak loop stitch.  After only a day or so of play, the filling started to be exposed. The unit does look nice, and had it been manufactured without flaw, I would have been quite pleased with it.
Perfect plush toy for a child but the sound never worked  Cool plush toy for my 18 month old boy since he loves airplanes, but the sound doesn't work. The sound was the reason I chose this one :/
Dead batteries...buy your own  Came with  dead batteries Had to  cut it out of the box to replace  batteries That was an additional expense I will have to explain  why  it was  cut out of the box on Christmas...too bad
I am happy to have purchased Bonnie only to then find her to be purple in color instead of original blue
Not what I ordered.  I received Donald Duck instead of Daisy.
Quit working...  Need a revised review here. She is really cute, but a bit challenging to get the meow and purr. Became more of a challenge to get her to work and now nothing, no purrs, no meows. Tried new batteries and nothing. Pretty short lived kitty.
The mechanical insert doesnt line up with the area to press and activate this. Also, the button will remain depressed. So, you cannot turn it off or on with opening up the toy and pulling the insert out. There was also little stuffing. I purchased a blue one ina retail store and the quality (for the same product) was sooooooo much better. I recommend buying this at a store and passing on it here.
Disappointed! Don't waste the money  I was so excited to get these for my girls, because of the app game that came with it.. They were cute when we got them, but the app didn't work, on any of my kids 7 in tablets android. It would let me download the app on my tablet but I couldn't get  the tag on the pets to scan in! I got three of them, so I know it wasn't just a fluke... disappointed !! Good concept, bad follow through!
no  no
much smaller than I anticipated? Over priced!
Cheaply made.  Very cheap look and feel to it. My daughter was so excited waiting for it to arrive and we were very disappointed. Not worth the money. Returning for a different brand pikachu.
My son had fun with this for exactly one hour then the battery ran out and there is no way to replace it.
Terrible  It says on the tag it was only 7 dollars, but I paid ten. Plus it wasn't in new condition. And it looks bigger and better in the picture. DO NOT BUY IT!
Disappointed Customer  The one I received was poorly made. There were loose threads everywhere and it was poorly stitched. The embroidery details were also bad.
Bad quality. Had a big hole from where cotton was coming out. Even the quality of cloth id cheap.
Very misleading. It's the size of my thumb!
peek a boo kitty house  I did not think the quality was good ;  I returned this item and would not advise anyone to purchase it
Bad quality  I got 2 gizmos for my two step children and I have to say I was truly disappointed. They didn't have them for but a few hours when the hands came off followed by the legs.  I had to superglue them to make sure they wouldn't t come off again (and I ended doing up doing all the limbs).  I wouldn't recommend buying this toy and I would instead go to the Warner Brothers site and get them from there.
doesn't really sing  This toy is misrepresented - the singing consists of " la la la " and no songs with words.  Save your time and money.
i thought this was considerably overpriced for the size and quality.
don't expect much  not at all what I was expecting. Seems to be poorly made and rather sickly looking for a toy that is suppose to be for a child
Too loud.  Cute but too loud and am worried about the batteries overheating so it's going back.
disappointed  The item was very tiny, grandson was not thrilled with it.  I would not recommend the purchase of this item.
Not grandpa and grandma as stated.
Don't have it shipped out of state  I ordered this and had it sent to my nephew 16 hours away for his birthday. He loved it for 2 hours when it stopped working. Batteries were replaced and it still didn't work. He was very upset so I ordered another one and had it shipped directly also. In order to get a refund to my account the receiver has to pack it up and mail it back to the company. Unable to take care of this at such a distance so I guess I paid double for an Elmo.
Not a fan..  Waste of money.  My daughter got this for a gift at 3 years old.  She had a hard time placing the hats on Elmo and barely plays with it.  It was a waste of money if you ask me.
Knock off very disappointed  The first thing I noticed when I opened it  was that it is deformed the neck was not sewed in the middle of  body it is off to the side. I think it was a knock off very disappointed don't even want to give it for a gift did not come with tags I measured its only 21 inches long and it is deformed. Thought I would give ordering from China One More Chance but this is the 4th time that I've gotten a bad product from overseas I am done shopping from a third party.  Price is right but not worth your kid being disappointed the day he opens it for his birthday.
Very cheap feeling.
These stuffed animals are poorly made fell apart in a day.
Very disappointed.  It only worked for about 2 hours.  Very disappointed.
Advertised 13", but not sure it quite measured up to it.
No happy
I was going to return it but my daughter fell in love with the ugly and cheap doll  I got sent the wrong doll. I was going to return it but my daughter fell in love with the ugly and cheap doll. The picture is not what delivered and I over payed for the wrong item. The item I got looks more like a pillow than a doll!
Returning. Basically a wire coat hanger doll. The legs are each a thick wire with a round soft foam "leg" next to it, not around it covering the wire. Same with the arms. The neck is where these wires meet and go to the head. There is no padding around the neck area. Would probably only last a week before my 2 year old would have the wires ripping through the fabric. I therefore don't think this is safe for kids anywhere near his age. This is also a lot smaller than I thought it would be and although its 12 inches tall, it is little more than 2 inches wide at the shoulders. I wouldn't pay more than $5 for something of this quality and size...but Disney probably has the biggest mark up of any company product in the world
Careful of fake plushes...  I'd give it a higher score if I got a legitimate plush from Sanei, but I didn't. I got mine from a Chinese seller which should've made me suspicious, and when it arrived the circle of the cap was not completely there and the upside L on one of the gloves faced the wrong way. Some facial proportions are also wrong. Word of warning to be careful of which seller you get this plush from.
shipping took FOREVER AND it's impossible to open and close  Not a fan at all, this thing came over one month LATE, and it is virtually impossible to open and close the clasp.
Didn't last long...  Picked this up at a local grocery store, for far less than here.  This toy lasted, almost, 2 hours before the stuffing was ripped out.  I've purchased other 'Angry Bird' dog toys that have lasted several days, but this particular make wasn't meant for my dog... an 80lb lab.
Gave the toy away.  Gave the toy away. Thought it was going to be 28 inches tall and misread the information that said it was 28cc
Complete waste of money  Complete waste of money, returned it immediately . . . not sure what language the voice/singing (whichever it was) was in but it didn't sound like any dog or human I have ever encountered.
I purchased this for my little brother, he's just getting into pokemon, and he loves froakie. I (still) haven't received this plush, when I get it, I'll do a proper review.
So expensive!  This looks and feels like a mcdonalds toy. Not worth the $35. Very disappointed. Save your $ and just build a snowman instead!!
I am unsatisfied,, and found one for cheaper.
This plush is very cheaply made. The fur is coming off around the face. There are yellow glue marks around the feet, arms, and eyes. there are spots that are missing fur. Not worth the money.
Great Toy but not in the best condition  Great toy but not in the best shape.  The toy came with a smudge on the red mouth part, I was unpleasantly suprised by that condition
Description is deceptive. Much smaller than described  Not thrilled in the least due to the miniscule size of this plush, especially since the product description stated 11.7x6.6. I was expecting it to be the same size as the Krypto we already own (which my husband will not let me remove from the package for our son because we bought it at a comicon lol). So, I  decided to get this one and feel pretty ripped off since it was the same price as our bigger one. We're keeping it though, cause as soon as my son saw it he was excited and happy, and that's what really matters.
Arrived Dirty  Bought this as a present for a friend of mine for Christmas. The size was as expected and so was the design and I thought I was happy with the product. This was until I took it out of its unsealed packaging to see that one part of her head Fort blotches on it. It looks like it was dropped on the dirty ground and they decided to ship it to me without cleaning it off. Im now stuck having to see if I can scrub this nasty funk off of it or if I have to send it back. Thanks a whole hell of a lot.
Not worth it  Advertised as large, very small, not worth $20. Buy elsewhere. Be careful they list different sizes different places.
Sorry, but Kyogre's eyes or on it's belly.
Expensive Pay the price for popularity  Extremely expensive for what they are and how they are made. Very basic and low quality. You definately pay the price because of the popularity.
Very low quality  The tail has 3 layers that are just glued together.  Definitely get a different Pikachu plush.
Long term outlook - non-responsive/functioning Furby Boom!  The voice of the Furby changed twice since we purchased the toy.  The toy also recently malfunctioned internally and will no longer operates with interactive features or with our iPad.  The return/exchange date has passed, so our child is very disappointed a non-responsive furby, but has several eggs that she will never be able to hatch to help fill up the rest of her chart.  #furbyboom
Quality isn't even around average. It's horrible.  Why bother letting sellers with bootlegs sell their items when they're not even selling good quality items. The one I received wasn't the official sanei. It wasn't it even stitched correctly in the mouth area. The Captain Toad plush that I got isn't even cute. Go big in quality or go home.
Very Disappointed  My wife ordered this for our son for his upcoming birthday.  She was so excited to get the minions, and could hardly contain herself!  We received the items before it was due to arrive and hurriedly opened the package.  What a disappointment!  The minions look nothing like what is pictured!  -  The blue overalls are grey and the material frayed. -  The eyes, gloves, shoes and hair, which were supposed to be made out of material, were painted on and looked like it could be peeled off. -  The yellow area was dirty-looking (not saying it was dirty, just that it was dull and dirty-looking).  We were both very disappointed.  Maybe it's not the product itself, maybe it was just this one that we received from the third party seller (fulfilled by Amazon).  I am happy to say that we contacted Amazon Customer Service and they agreed to give us a full refund.  Kudos to Amazon!
Broken in 30 days
The Worst  I purchase a lot on Amazon and never write reviews. You could call me lazy, most things are what the are described as but this thing is ETSY from an idiot. It is a ball of fur with strange eyes. This thing is the worst. I mean if you went to some craft store and were blind you could do a better job. Unreal.
Poor sound quality and none of the sounds are of him actually speaking. It's just noise, no actual catch phrases/words.
Alligator package stated part of a set, not sure what else was to be included. Yes it is 41 inches, however, 14 inches of it was the thin long tail, not the body. Thought it would be much larger, especially for the price.
Disappointing Battery Hog  I'm fed up with how many times we've changed the batteries in this thing. We've only had it a month, and I've just put in the fourth set. I've spent as much on batteries as the toy itself cost! (Was this made by EA Games? Ha!)
Very poor quality  Very poor quality toy.  Within a week there was a hole where the wing began to detach.  I would not recommend this toy.
Way too small  It's my own fault, I didn't look at the sizes. I was in a rush to get a gift. It is so small. The tail has a little cotton ball and doesn't even fill the tail. I would not buy this again
flld  Did not meet my expection. I think it is better to see an item before purchase
Kinda bummed  The Boov arrived quickly and was clean, but the voice box doesn't work, so it won't talk. My little one is so disappointed. He doesn't understand why it won't talk.
Not the best quality in craftsmanship  Not the best quality in craftsmanship... The thread and glue is visible in multiple areas. I will keep it because my 8 year old daughter has always wanted a Gizmo doll since I introduced her to the movie Gremlins which is one of my childhood favorite movies. It is simply too late for me to find another Gizmo doll to replace it before her birthday on December 23rd so I will take it to a doll maker to have it "refurbished" to create a better presentation than how I received it.
Started coming apart way to soon
GIZMO--GONEZO  My daughter has fallen for 80's movies and thinks Gizmo is very cute. I ordered this item for her birthday. It arrived within time frame, but that was about all that I can say positively. The hot-glue used for Gizmo's ear was all on his fur. It looked like the whole thing was put together sloppy.
Just ok  This Elmo is a great size and I was optimistic since it is apparently a Gund product, but I'm underwhelmed by the quality.  The mouth is crooked and isn't sewn on well, and one of the legs is backwards.  My 16 month old loves him all the same, but I'm skeptical that this is actually a Gund product.
not liscensed  unfortunately this specific plush is NOT the original lisensed plush from dreamworks..this is a chinese knock off, thus why it seems to cheep...this is a knock off from the original dreamworks promotional plush released for the movie in 2010, don't waste your money, the quality leaves alot to be desired and it is not an official piece.
Not as fun as expected  This looked like it would be a great toy, do the same things as the TMX elmo, but unfortunately it didn't, only about 1/3 of the action, and not nearly as fun, I would recommend buying Elmo
The problem the item is that this is not what they have listed. I received a latias plush that is not the pokemon center one and the item`s title clearly says pokemon center.
Owner sent wrong item and wouldn't respond to my calls  I ordered doll as shown in picture and described w owl pictured. Item came as a different Aurora doll with pink dress. No Briar Rose costume and shawl or owl. That doll is a cheaper version,in my opinion. I did try to contact the owner a couple of times throughout a few days as Amazon gave me the information to do so. But there was no response. Just wanted the owner to correct the problem by sending me the correct doll as pictured and described. I just ended up sending doll back to Amazon. They took care of shipping.
First one broke, replaced. Second one defective out of the box  My kid got one of these for Christmas. Within a few minutes, he would not hug. After that all he would do is sleep no matter what we did. Mouth was stuck open and then completely stopped working.  We sent it back and after about a month, we just got our replacement. Out of the box this one would not hug, sing or do anything either. Hold him upside down, push his foot, nothing. I would never recommend this to anyone. This thing is junk and for $50, it's an expensive piece of junk.
Cute but not what's advertised  Like others said the actual plush being sold is not the one picture and is smaller than advertised. It's cute, but about 5.5" tall, and in a different pose.
Not genuine!  This item is NOT an officially licensed Mojang product.  Just because you print "Mojang" on the label doesn't make it real. It's actually theft. I ordered one of these from Toys-R-Us a as well as this one. So interestingly now I have a "legit" one and this one. Between the two; the material is different, the size is different (slightly) the Mojang cardboard tag was missing (naturally, as this is a fake) and a few other key indicators. What is hilarious is that they are BOTH made in China. So the company who is making the fake ones is just stealing from their own neighbors.  If all you care about is saving the 5 or so dollar retail difference and you enjoy supporting counterfeiting, this is the one for you. Most kids won't know the difference. As they sleep in their warm American beds cuddling up to this thing, you can rest assured that you helped encourage this ridiculous behavior by Chinese manufacturers.
Fun Toys  The monkey is great. These sound kinda sick...
So disappointed!  Sound is barely audible!  So disappointed!
Cheap  Not as tall as I thought they were and cheaply made...I'll just get them in store next time
Llama appears to have a cold  Pay attention to the picture shown - this item is stained with red dye on the nose. Checked with my wife and this is not a feature of the Llama Llama character - appears to be a problem with this product specifically. You can see in the product picture if you look close. Returned (needing to pay return shipping myself) because if dye is already rubbing off & staining product don't want my kid playing with.
Teeny Tiny!  Very well made but teeny tiny! Would not purchase again.
Don't get excited about it  Found product of inferior quality compared to other plush bought here.  Really expected more for what I paid.  "Will look elsewhere in future for quality product.  Only plus came sooner than advertised.
Small, very small.
Poor Quality  This did not come in great condition. There is a small hole and the stitching is terrible. If I had time to replace it before Christmas, I would.
It doesn't work. It's missing a contact in the battery holder. I need a replacement.
Cheap  Cheap made product. Antlwers were sown on crocked.
It is poor quality... I have to stitch it back together
Not clear!  I was under the impression there was going to be both the lion and the elephant not just one or the other. Very disappointed as I was going to be splitting this between two children for christmas
Smaller  Way smaller than expected
Very disappointed  Received this item and it didn't make a sound once the battery was already dead upon arriva. So my daughter didn't even get to enjoy the notice and lights which is specifically why I bought this item.
These are worth ONLY  the $7 you were charging before! $13 for 12 inch all  stuffed animal when you can get a way bigger one for a little bit more is outrages!
"the quality is bad. "  My grandson said, "the quality is bad."
Seam near back came apart and tail fell off two days after receiving it. Very poorly made.
Wasn't at all what I expected for a birthday gift for my grandson. Would not buy another for aure.
FAKE  Do not waste your money or time buying these phony stuffed animals. What a joke. Cheap toy arrived and the stitching wasn't even completed around the neck of the toy. Sending back for refund. And it's not TOMY FYI. So don't be fooled.
Falsely represented the product!
Picture/what I received is NOT a Big Bird 21" Plush  I had searched for Big Bird Plush. I found the 21" plush catagory and selected to see the price ranges for the product I searched. I saw a long list of products and chose this link. From the view I had there was no picture of the gloves, only the Big Bird with all the prices underneath. What I received was the fingerless Oscar the Grouch gloves, which is now linked as a picture with the wrong title and incorrect reviews. I have e-mailed the company about my problem. If I receive a positive result and they fix their product sales paper on this link, then I may change my review. Until then, byer beware. The gloves are cute, but it was a Big Bird 21" plush I was looking for as a gift to my 2 year old daughter, not a 6 yr old's Oscar gloves.
Toy for grandson  Two year old grandson was not impressed with this stuffed toy-- just doesn't look appealing
Very small plush  Listing this as a 10" plush is a joke! Mine was 9" from the tips of the ears to the bottom of feet. You can see how small it is compared to my hand. The quality was great, just grossly overpriced for such a small plush. Returned it the day I received it.
Very Deformed Looking Charizard X......  This product was bad. It looked like the person who shipped this just stuffed it in without even caring. There was loose thread, some stuffing coming out of the arm, the wings were so deformed and bended that they didn't even look like wings. This looks like it was handled with no care whatso ever. The teeth were crooked, the legs were a little bit weird, and the flame on its tail looked so fragile that you can just rip it out. It also barely looked like the picture shown. I really wished I didn't get a bad one but this was the first bad Amazon item I've bought. I really expected better of this product and the people who manufactured it. Be cautious when you buy it because who knows? You could get a deformed one as well as I did. And please reply to me if I can ship this back for another better one. It's better to get a better quality item that takes a long time to ship then a quickly shipped item that is deformed.
Dud  Definitely not like the picture! I know with these sellers it is hit or miss,  and this was definitely a miss.  I would not recommend this.
I am extremely disappointed with the Gizmo stuffed animal  I am extremely disappointed with the Gizmo stuffed animal. There is glue all around the eyes and one eye where the fur meet the eye, the under side of the bottom of the fur is exposed. Poorly made.
Hair was a mess and felt gross
Failed to Light  I ordered two packages at these cute hearts for a ministry activity. Over half of the hearts failed to light up and as the ones that did, the flashing light did not remain for long. I used the hearts anyway because they were still fitting, however it would have been more significant if they lit and flashed as advertised. Im not sure if the included batteries were old or if the hearts were otherwise defective but it was a disappointment.
Eats batteries like crazy.  Annoying personalities.  APP is terrible.  Got this for my daughter for Christmas.  Although she loves it and still carries it around 2 months after Christmas it eats batteries like crazy.  4 AAs batteries every 2-3 days is getting old.  Personalities change on this thing often and there is one very annoying personality that my wife and I dislike very much.  The Furby BOOM app for your phone or tablet is semi-functional at BEST and the file is HUGE taking up tons of internal memory space.  With all the new technology this toy feels like it's made of antiquated parts and low tech programming.  For the money I would not buy this again, I would find an old used earlier generation Furby - we have one of those too; it's just as good and batteries last MUCH longer and it's lasted 7+ years.
THE WROST FURBY!!!!1  I'm so sorry to infomr that the furby worked for 1 day and no more... right now it has no volume... is MUTE!!!!! the thing is that we live in a country far away from USA and is very difficult to retunr the item... my daughter is very sad....
This is not a Pokmon change the name
The product came in an  official wrapped bag. it was so small that the dino neck arrived bent and still remains bent after opening.
So cute but defective  The doll is quite cute and cuddly.  It looks great.  But, the head was starting to unstitch before it even got used.  Now, the head is about to completely detach.  I suppose if I wanted to use it as a bookend, it would be great.  But, as a child's toy, it is terrible.  Again, the head is falling off...I am going to have to get another one (sewing cannot save it due to the placement of the stitches).
Cheap material.  This is made of cheap material similar to something you would get from a claw machine.  The giggles are not flat as shown in the picture either.  Glad this was purchased on prime so I can return it.
Don't make noise, fall apart, staff lie.  I ordered 3 for stocking stuffers for my boys, I got them, only 2 worked. The company promised I'd have a new one that worked before Christmas... well they lied, it still hasn't arrived. One of the 2 that did work, the glove/hand broke off the first time my son tried to use it. Waste of money!
Fun toy for my son but incomplete and open box  Received only one. Was reimbursed for the missing piece but disappointed because my son really enjoys these toys. This was supposed to be a gift but it arrived open already.
Not satisfied.  Did not come with balls. Tried to contact place & got no call back. Not satisfied.
His batteries died within a month of purchase and you cannot change the batteries.
Not as expected.  Not as large as it seemed. Child did not want it.
So small
Not what I ordered  Very disappointed that the doll shown is wearing a light blue dress, which is what I wanted.  I got the doll dressed in a navy blue coat with hideous black plush trim.  Very misleading.
Crap the turtle fabric is flimsy and just lays there it's like putting baby on the floor with balls
Falls Apart  Arms fell out in less than 24 hours - even with just light play.  My son was VERY disappointed - as was I !!
Disappointed in the quality  Disappointed in the quality,  one of the seams needed repair before we gave it to our Grandson  because the sewing hadn't caught well leaving an opening. This seemed overpriced to start with, then to need a repair,was disappointing.
Size was way off, and seller forgot to mention that this had a window suction cup attached to the back.
long delivery 3 weeks+. Picture doesn't represent actual. What I got is much lighter color (faded maybe)
I was not satistied. I expect the size to be bigger
Short live  Super cute and my daughter was so excited! But the batteries died after a few months and no way to change them. So disappointing.
This looks like a dollar store quality toy  I waited about a month or more, as this ships from China. The total was $9.89. It arrived today, it's smaller than a baseball. The ears are tall, which must be the measurement. This looks like a dollar store quality toy, as well. I don't think it's worth the price, or the wait at all. I'd rather pay more money for better quality and a better size than this. I do not recommend at all.
It played the song one time and it hasn't played since. Very dissaointed
Will not buy here again  Should have paid attention to their reviews  . It stop working and there's no way of putting batteries in it .
Only got 1 big deadpool when I was expecting 2 on the smaller side
Pillow?  Much to small. To expensive for such a little thing. I thought it was a pillow.
waste of money  I'm not allowed to describe my issues within Amazon review guidelines, but, I would not buy again.
looks nothing like the picture  it came earlier than expected but is a lot less cute than the image pictured...  it's pretty ugly. if you're looking for the pichu that is pictured here you'll have to keep looking
Very small for the money.  :-(
Item pictured is not the item shipped.
Poorly made  The orange belt broke in one day.
this Batman is just like winning a stuffed toy from the water balloon  this product was crap it looked like a toy from a carnival. Don't buy this. Made very poorly. I would not recommend buying
Won't work!  Doesn't work! The remote doesn't work with Olaf, Olaf shuts down as soon as he wakes up. Horrible product, wasn't throughly thought through!
It does not fit head very well... My husband has a large head and it was even big for him.
Not as promised  Description said it had Disney Authentic Certificate on foot, like those at Disney store. There was no certificate, and the plush toy was noticeably inferior in quality to those at the Disney store that I saw before oredering this one. I am returning this product and buying the one at the Disneystore for $7.00 more.
Nice but overpriced!  Wow the price for a tiny little 3 inch stuffed toy!  But she had to have it...  you know how that goes. :D
Frustrating & Not worth the trouble  The concept was great but I too had a horrible time programming the Elmo doll.  The first one had to be returned because I thought it was broken and so I ended up giving it to my two year for Christmas because the internet exchange was not fast enough to be here for her birthday.  BUT when the replacement came and it had the same problem as the first one.  I then realized that it wasn't the doll but with the computer program and hook up.  I kept getting a message that it could not detect the USB cord and then It would seem as though was programming and then after a few mintues I would get an error message.  I was at my witts end with it when I finally got it to program after messing with it for about an hour and half.  I recently purchased the Elmo Knows Your Name telephone.....low and behold this toy had the same problem.  I gave up and gave the toy to my daughter as is.  The Elmo doll is nice and cuddly and easy to carry around but if that is all your going to end up with then it is not worth forty dollars it cost me.  My daughter's birthday has passed and I am afraid to attempt to reprogram it with a new song, so two months have passed and he is still singing happy birthday to her.  Oh well she likes, but i've decided i'm not going to mess with programming it again.  Had I read the reviews I wouldn't have wasted my money on this toy.
Not cute!  Does not look as cute as the picture. Very disappointed picture so cute,
absolutely not as pictured in that the arms and legs clearly suggest that they are stuffed to a fullness in appearance which is not the case. Only the hands and feet and very loosely at that. False advertisement. Consumer beware! I have returned the item but I will need to follow up with the return!
Was dirty on the back side  I sent this Elmo as a gift for my friend to give to her 2 yr old grandaughter for her birthday! I never opened it! Wish I had! I was so embaressed when she brought it home to clean it! Elmo smelled! Was dirty on the back side! Battery pack was sticky on the outside and had some kind of residue on the inside!! I wish my friend told me earlier! Instead she took it home to clean before giving it back to her granddaughter l!! FYI! Not purchased from Ware house return dept! I will be getting in touch with customer service! Disappointed Customer
My son ordered this and when looking at the picture he assumed he was getting all these plants not just one.  It was misleading!
Looks different than the picture  Purchased this for my daughter and it's a lot skinnier than the picture portrays it and the face looks distorted. The bosy is plosh, but the eyes are really hard. I did not give it to my daughter because it was not all plush. Not very "Elmo" like.
gotta fake.
Not authentic  Received bootlegged items.
Fake Disney product  This product is a fake Disney product. Buyer beware.
Small and cheap
It didn't work.  It didn't make any noise.  I'm sending them back.  We've had company from over seas and they just left so I'm putting it in the mail soom.
I was hoping this was much bigger-- there was no place that stated the size....
Was very disappointed.  Item had been opened and did not work.  There were scratches where someone had opened the battery case.  Was very disappointed.
But my little girl will still love it Christmas morning  A lot smaller than I expected, especially for over $30.00. Not worth that much. But my little girl will still love it Christmas morning, suppose that's all that matters.
Rip-off!  Tiny, much smaller than picture.
Small and not at all what it appears to be  I was not at all impressed with this Woody. It wa not at all what i thought. As a matter of fact, i sent it back and found a nicer one at walmart that my grandson LOVES!
Good Luck if you buy this!  My daughter got Elmo for her birthday and we've spent the past two days trying to get it to work. I finally got the program to load on a second computer (wouldn't work on our emachine, worked on an older Compaq laptop) and now it won't download to the doll. I've changed the batteries, etc. Fisher Price is going to send a pre-paid mailing label to exchange it, but how do I explain to my 2 year old that Elmo is going to go away for 6-8 weeks until we get another one?! And then, I don't even know if the second will work after reading all the awful reviews. My advice-Don't buy this toy! Or, if you do-Good Luck! UPDATE-I ended up exchanging the doll at the store for a new one. The second one would download from our Compaq laptop, but not from our e-machine. Good Luck!
WATCH THE SIZE!  DON'T GO BY DESCRIPTION  Doing my Christmas shopping early.  Bought these for my ADULT son who wears a size 12 or 13 shoe.  Adorable, BUT!!!!!  These appeared way too small just looking at the skid proof bottoms upon arrival.....DON"T go by the size 13.5" length as stated in the description, the skid proof bottoms which is really where your foot would sit is just 10"!!  With the stuffed toes included, that makes them only 12", again not 13.5".  Either way, those toes add nothing as far as foot room.  I  wear a women's size 7.5 to an 8.  AND....They fit me!!!!  Now how are they suppose to fit a size 12 or 13 mens shoe size????  If your men's shoes are longer than 10 long", FORGET IT!!
Way to small  This guy looked strong and big but this is one of the smallest we have gotten and I was extremely disappointed.
I'm so disappointed in the size  While he's very cute, I'm so disappointed in the size. It's my own fault for not reading the description, but he's definitely not even 9". $20 is a lot to pay for something so small.  I also wanted to return it and it says I can't. Even though there is no indication of no returns on the posting, so that's nice.
Blood under the eyes  If you look carefully, there is blood under the eyes! I'm a nine year old webkinz collector and this pet is way different from all of my other webkinz. I wouldn't recommend this for children...
No DVD in box
Little pieces of junk.  Not worth the money at all
First use this filled with water.
Disappointment.  Also disappointed.  We did not read print carefully enough and purchased this thinking it was a set for our son.  Star fruit arrived 6-8 weeks later.  $14 for this particular plush was a rip-off.
Cute but Overpriced  This is cute, but I just saw it for $19.99 on other sites. I recommend shopping around. Wish I had!
Garbage  - Singshot Flying Cow  They only last about 4 shots and then they fall apart.  What a waste of money.  I was so ashamed when my grandsons brought then back to me and ask me to fix them.  No such luck.  Do not buy them.  I already sent in my review, but see it didn't get published.
Cheap. Just cheap.  Cheaply made figures, and WHY IS THERE ISAAC?!
too small  too small.  I thought it would have been larger and more life like.  It was purchased for my 2yr old grandson who loves all of the yogabba characters and his reaction when presented the toy was nothing.  I actualy thought that it would have been the same size as the yo gabba stuffed animals that I had purchased earlier.
Waste of money  February 20, 2015 I received this totoro plush in the mail for my wife and very poor quality fur. One of the ears was not sewn all the way or it ripped when they were packaging it. NO CLAWS and NO SMILE. Very disappointed and not like the picture.
More souvenir than toy.  The head was over large for the body so it won't stand as pictured.  Also some seams came apart within a week. My son likes it but the quality isn't great.  It is better to look at than actually play with.
From china  Came from China had a hole in it. Was half the size it showed in the picture.
Snuffy's size doesn't match his cuteness  The quality is good, but the overall size is very misleading!! When measuring Snuffleupagus, one has to completely stretch out his nose and tail to extend him to the 28" advertised. Must admit I was rather disappointed and wished I had bought something else.
Very very very small I'm shocked and it looks like it hangs from a car mirror with white string and how small it is, my daughter thought it was as big as all the rest of her pokemon since it's the same size, pretty upsetting but I love zebras so it's still cute but Def not worth $30 I feel ripped
Cute as he is, this little guy's nose fell off most more than 15 minutes after my 6-year-old grandson opened him up at his Birthday party.
Not as big as stated in the description  This doll is definitely not 13" like stated on the description. Is about 10" tall. Too small for what I needed it for.
Bad quality  The plush was stuffed in the bag it came in. The hair is barely attached. Not to mention it is flat because of how it was sent. I am very disappointed. I'll probably return this and hope to get a new one that is better.
Smaller than I thought but it works
